===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Corning Incorporated First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. It is my pleasure to introduce to you Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson : Thank you, Carmen, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's first quarter 2025 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the first quarter, the difference between GAAP and core EPS primarily reflected non-cash, mark-to-market losses associated with the company's translated earnings contracts in Japanese yen denominated debt, as well as constant currency adjustments. As a reminder, the mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks : Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. We delivered outstanding first quarter results that exceeded guidance. We grew sales 13% year-over-year to $3.7 billion. We grew EPS more than 3 times the rate of sales to $0.54. We expanded operating margin 250 basis points year-over-year to 18%. For quarter two, we're guiding continued strong year-over-year sales growth. We expect our quarter two sales to be approximately $3.85 billion. Our quarter two EPS guidance of $0.55 to $0.59 includes the financial impact of existing tariffs, which is $0.01 to $0.02, and accelerated production ramp cost for our new products in optical communications and solar of about $0.03. Even including those items, we expect EPS to grow year-over-year about 21%, 3 times faster than sales. Ed will explain more about our guidance later. Overall, we're coming off a strong year one of our Springboard plan, and our results and guidance show we're off to a great start in year two. We just held an investor event in March to upgrade our Springboard plan. Normally, I would focus my remarks on our strong progress and upcoming milestones. However, many investors requested that we address two questions that are on their minds. What is the financial impact of tariffs on Corning? And can you deliver your Springboard plan if there is a macroeconomic downturn during the plan timeframe? So I want to start by answering both of those questions. And then I'll go into more detail on each before turning things over to Ed to discuss our quarter one results and outlook. Let's start with the financial impact of tariffs on Corning. First, our long-standing philosophy to locate our manufacturing operations close to our customers serves as a natural hedge against tariffs and mitigates the financial impact. Second, the direct financial impact of existing tariff structures which are primarily between the U.S. and China is only $0.01 to $0.02 per quarter. We've included that in our second quarter guidance. Third, based on our significant U.S. advanced manufacturing footprint, we're seeing early signs of stronger demand for our U.S.-made innovations. Next, can we deliver our Springboard plan in a macroeconomic downturn? The simple answer is yes. And today, we reiterate our confidence in our ability to deliver our recently upgraded high confidence Springboard plan to add more than $4 billion in annualized sales and to achieve operating margin of 20% by the end of 2026. Our growth is primarily driven by powerful secular trends and more Corning content in our customers' offerings. And in order to provide you with a high confidence plan, we already applied a risk adjustment that accounts for multiple factors, including a potential macroeconomic slowdown. With that, let's dive into each answer, starting with [TAS] (ph). As I said a moment ago, our company has a long-standing philosophy to locate manufacturing operations close to our customers. We find the geographic proximity leads to better innovation and more delighted customers. This also has the benefit of serving as a natural hedge against global trade tensions and tariff structures. We apply this philosophy globally. As a result, the direct impact of current tariffs for us is minimal. To illustrate the point, let's take a look at the impact of the tariffs between the U.S. And China. In the U.S., we have a large advanced manufacturing footprint. This includes our optical communications business, where we have the largest fiber factory in the world, in North Carolina. We also manufacture products for our automotive, life sciences, mobile consumer electronics and solar businesses in the U.S. Almost all the products we sell in the U.S. Originate from our 34 advanced manufacturing facilities in the U.S. In fact, nearly 90% of our U.S. Revenue comes from products of U.S. Origin. The majority of the remainder is generated from products that are fully compliant with U.S. MCA rules. Only 1% of the products we sell in the U.S. Come from China. Now let's look at our approach for our customers in China. 80% of our sales in China we make in China or process in customs approved tax and duty free zones. 15% is made in region, for example in Korea and Taiwan. Only about 5% of our China sales are imported from the U.S., and subject to China tariff structures. And we will mitigate the impact of that exposure primarily by optimizing our supply chain to minimize tariffs and adjusting price where necessary. In total, we expect a direct impact of approximately $10 million to $15 million, or $0.01 to $0.02 for currently enacted tariffs in the second quarter. That is included in our guidance. Of course, we will seek to improve this through additional mitigation strategies. Ed will provide more detail on guidance. Bottom-line, the direct impact of currently enacted tariffs is not significant for Corning. Interestingly, we are seeing early signs of stronger demand for our US-made innovations from our large advanced manufacturing footprint in the US. Our customers in optical communications, in solar, in mobile consumer electronics, and in life sciences are seeking to leverage our US manufacturing footprint. And we expect to close and potentially announce commercial agreements in the coming months. Next, can we deliver the Springboard Plan in a macroeconomic downturn? As I previously stated, the simple answer is yes. Today we reiterate our confidence in our ability to deliver the recently upgraded Springboard plan. Let's walk through why. Our internal Springboard plan is to add $6 billion in annualized sales run rate by the end of 2026. We have a significant sales opportunity and our growth is fueled by powerful secular trends that I'll discuss in a moment. As a reminder, our Springboard base is quarter four of 2023, when sales were $3.27 billion or $13.1 billion annualized. Adding $6 billion in incremental annualized sales brings us to a $19 billion sales run rate by the end of 2026. That is the sales level we would expect to achieve if we deliver our internal Springboard plan. Our internal plan is the output of the strategic planning process we run with each of our market access platforms. These are our actual business plans. We set our objectives and compensation based upon those plans. When our businesses submit plans to corporate, they factor in a variety of probabilistic outcomes. They try to account for the known-unknowns. The business plans aim for a 70% confidence interval, which means that based on their analysis, there is a 70% chance that they will deliver sales greater than or equal to that number. What we wanted to do with Springboard was to provide an even higher confidence plan for our investors. So we take that internal plan and translate the opportunity into an investable thesis for all of you. At the corporate level, we seek to probabilistically adjust for factors including macroeconomic slowdowns, changes in government policy and timing of multiple secular trends in our related innovations. Our corporate level risk adjustment is $2 billion. This is how we get to our $4 billion high confidence plan. Annualized that is a $17 billion sales run rate by the end of 2026. So let's unpack the macroeconomic component of that corporate level risk adjustment. We use third-party forecast of potential macroeconomic slowdown scenarios and we apply that to our demand planning model that underpins our $19 billion internal Springboard plan. That economic slowdown scenario would result in a sales run rate by the end of 2026 of a little less than $18 billion well within our $2 billion risk adjustment. We also run a [shock case] (ph) using the worst downturn over the last 25 years. That scenario results in an adjustment to our plan that is still within our $2 billion risk adjustment. In other words, when we constructed the high confidence plan, the impact of a potential economic slowdown was already built in. That being said, remember, we are innovators. We're not macroeconomists. We are not projecting a macroeconomic slowdown. We're simply providing this context for you to make your own decisions. I hope that's helpful to understand our risk adjustment as it pertains to a potential economic downturn. And that's one of the reasons that today we reiterate our high confidence plan to add more than $4 billion to our annualized sales run rate by the end of 2026. We feel good about our innovations in the secular trends driving our growth. So now let's turn to those trends. We continue to see and hear reconfirming evidence that our secular trends are intact and remain relevant. We see it in our results and we see it in our order books and we hear it in our detailed dialogues with our customers. In optical communications, we are seeing remarkable customer response to both our products use inside GenAI data centers, as well as our innovations to interconnect AI data centers across the country. We shared some of our new products with you at our March investor event. These products are driving positive customer response and rapid adoption. In our enterprise business, where we capture sales for inside the data center, adoption of our products drove a record $2 billion in sales last year. At our March IR event, we upgraded our four-year enterprise sales compound annual growth rate from 25% to 30% based on strong customer demand. In the first quarter, we continue to outperform with sales growth of 106% year-over-year. We've just completed detailed reviews with our major hyperscale customers that reconfirmed our growth expectations. And as you've also seen in recent public announcements from the top hyperscalers, they've reaffirmed their capital plans and they expect to continue to spend significant amount of capital in this space. Another way GenAI is fueling our growth is reflected in our carrier business. Last year, we introduced a set of innovations to interconnect AI data centers. We shared that we reached an agreement with Lumen Technologies to provide our new GenAI fiber and cable system that enables Lumen to fit anywhere from two to four times the amount of fiber into their existing conduit. And the agreement reserved 10% of our global fiber capacity for 2025 and 2026. Last month, we announced that we have fully commercialized this product. We now have three industry leading customers adopting the technology and our production tripled every month in the first quarter. So this innovation is now turning into a revenue stream to make a positive difference in our financials this year. We continue to field strong positive customer response to our innovations and as a result we're accelerating our ramp plans in the second quarter to meet growing demand. Additionally, in our carrier business, as you've seen from recent telecom earnings calls, our key customers have stated they like the economics of fiber and they remain committed to their fiber deployment plans. We believe they have completed drawing down inventory they built during the pandemic and the conditions are now in place for our carrier business to spring back to growth later this year. We saw the beginning of that in the first quarter. Turning to solar, in March we said we expect our new market access platform to grow from $1 billion business in 2024 to a $2.5 billion business by 2028. Drivers include increased energy demand, favorable economics and government policy focused on energy independence. We are commercializing our new made in America ingot and wafer products this year. Our production will come online in the back half of this year. We said in March that for our entire platform, we had committed customers for 100% of our capacity available in 2025 and 80% of our capacity for the next five years. And recent trade actions are increasing new customer engagement. The goal of U. S. Policy is to ensure domestic energy security. So our U.S. solar assets just became even more valuable. We're experiencing increasing demand for U.S. sourced solar. As a result, we're accelerating our ramp of U.S. advanced manufacturing in our Midland-Michigan wafer facility. We're increasing our workforce to 1,500 manufacturing jobs from our previously announced 1,100 person level. So recent events continue to validate our low risk, high return entry into the solar market. In display, we continue to expect TV screen size growth of about one inch a year. In March, we said that the price increases we implemented last year will help us deliver net income of $900 million to $950 million in 2025 and to deliver net income margin of 25%. In the first quarter, the business marked net income of $243 million and net income margin of 26.9%. In automotive, we expect almost triple sales in our automotive glass business by 2026. Our growth comes from more Corning, as automakers add more in vehicle content. For example, larger shaped, immersive and high resolution displays. Given the milestones we've achieved in our automotive glass business, we're graduating the business this quarter out of the Emerging Innovations Group and into operations. It will be managed along with environmental technologies, forming a new segment called automotive. In mobile consumer electronics, our growth will be driven by demand for more Corning content as customers adopt our new higher value innovations. In the first quarter, our major innovation streams remain on tap and we remain optimistic about adoption of our new technologies. We expect those innovations to drive growth as we enter 2026. In total, our secular trends remain consistent with our recently upgraded Springboard plan. In summary, our growth trends remain intact. The direct impact of current tariffs to Corning is not significant and our $2 billion risk adjustment should provide a sufficient buffer against potential economic downturns. So now I'll turn it over to Ed to get into more detail on our results and outlook.
Ed Schlesinger : Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. As you just heard, our results and guidance show we are making great progress on our high confidence Springboard plan to add more than $4 billion in annualized sales and achieve an operating margin of 20% by the end of 2026. And as we successfully execute the plan, we continue to improve our return profile. Year-over-year in the first quarter, we grew sales 13% to $3.7 billion. We grew EPS 42% to $0.54, we expanded operating margin by 250 basis points to 18% and we expanded ROIC by 300 basis points to 11.6%. Looking ahead, we expect our momentum to continue. For the second quarter, we expect continued strong year-over-year sales growth with sales of approximately $3.85 billion and EPS in the range of $0.55 to $0.59 again, growing significantly faster than sales. We expect to continue expanding our operating margin as we march toward our Springboard target of 20% by the end of 2026 and we anticipate continued strong growth in our enterprise business driven by our new products for GenAI. Two other things I want to note related to our second quarter guidance. First, our guidance factors in $0.01 to $0.02 for the expected direct impact of currently enacted tariffs. We plan to further mitigate this impact going forward, primarily by optimizing our supply chains and adjusting price where necessary. Second, we shared with you that we are accelerating our production ramp for new products, given high customer demand in both optical communications for our new GenAI products for both inside and outside the data center and in solar for our new solar wafers. Our second quarter guidance includes temporarily higher costs associated with these ramps of about $0.03. We expect the impact of these costs to dissipate as our production and sales increase in the second half of the year. Now I'd like to share some more detail on what we're seeing in our businesses, and then I'll review our capital allocation priorities as we expect to generate significant cash over the springboard timeframe. In optical communications, first quarter sales were $1.4 billion up 46% year-over-year. Net income for the first quarter was $201 million up 101% year-over-year reflecting strong incremental profit on the higher volume. Enterprise sales were $705 million for the quarter, up 106% year-over-year, driven by continued strong demand for our new GenAI products for inside the data center. We are tracking ahead of our 2023 to 2027 enterprise sales CAGR of 30%. We also grew 11% year-over-year in our carrier business. The growth included sales of our new data center interconnected products. Additionally, our carrier customers have completed drawing down inventory [indiscernible] during the pandemic and the conditions are now in place for our carrier business to return to growth in 2025. And we are seeing the beginnings of that in the first quarter. Moving to display, first quarter sales were $905 million up 4% year-over-year on both volume and price increases. Net income was $243 million, 26.9% of sales. We successfully implemented double digit price increases in the second half of 2024 to ensure that we can maintain stable U.S. Dollar net income in a weaker yen environment. Our first quarter results provide the first proof point that we have achieved our objective. As a reminder, we hedged our yen exposure for 2025 and 2026 with hedges in place beyond 2026. In 2025, we reset our yen core rate to [120 yen] (ph) to the dollar, consistent with our hedge rate. We are not recasting our 2024 financials because we expect to maintain the same profitability in display at the new core rate. We remain confident that we can deliver net income of $900 million to $950 million in 2025 and net income margin of 25%, consistent with the last five years. Overall, we are maintaining our market, technology and cost leadership, while benefiting from market growth in a glass supply demand environment that is increasingly balanced to tight. Turning to Specialty Materials, first quarter sales were $501 million up 10% year-over-year driven by continued strong demand for premium glass for mobile devices. Net income grew 68% year-over-year to $74 million reflecting strong incrementals on higher volumes, as well as strong demand for our premium glass innovations. Now I'd like to take a moment to elaborate on our new automotive segment. Our automotive glass solutions business has been part of our Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses, which is designed to launch early stage projects and growth opportunities. This is where our solar business currently resides. Beginning in Q1, we graduated our auto glass business and together with our environmental technologies business created a new segment named automotive. We recast the comparative segment results for prior periods to align with our current reporting. Our environmental business has been an established leader in the industry for more than 50 years. Now we're leveraging that market that we're leveraging that market access to drive more Corning automotive glass into the market. We have several recent partnership and project announcements tied to automotive interiors and adjacencies and are making nice progress. With that, let me provide some color on what we're seeing right now in automotive. In the first quarter, automotive sales were $440 million down 10% year-over-year, primarily driven by continued softness in light and heavy duty European markets. As expected, the North America Class 8 market also continues to lag year-over-year following a strong Q1 2024. We remain confident that the underlying secular trends in automotive will be strong growth drivers for Corning, as demand for more larger shaped immersive and higher resolution displays grows. Our segment change reflects our continued confidence. Turning to Life Sciences, on a year-over-year basis, first quarter sales of $234 million were down 1% and net income of $13 million was consistent. Finally, in Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses, first quarter sales were $244 million down 25% sequentially on normal seasonality. As I just explained these results no longer include automotive glass solutions, and we recast 2024 for this change. We still reporting our solar business results in Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses for the moment as we continue to ramp production for our new solar wafer products. We expect to grow our new solar map to a $2.5 billion revenue stream by 2028, and we expect a positive incremental impact on Corning's sales, profits and cash flow starting in the second half of 2025. We are commercializing our new Made in America ingot and wafer products this year. We have committed customers for 100% of our capacity available in 2025 and 80% of our capacity for the next five years. We plan to update you on our solar sales and profits as we continue to make progress. With that, I'll shift from segment results to free cash flow. The first quarter was essentially breakeven. Normally, Q1 is negative, a seasonal low, driven by our typical compensation and working capital cycles. So we're actually off to a great start in 2025 and expect to generate a significant amount of free cash flow this year and we expect to invest approximately $1.3 billion on CapEx. And finally, let's move to capital allocation. As we shared with you in March, the upgrades to our internal and high confidence plans include higher sales and higher profit. We expect to convert that profit into more cash flow. As an early proof point in year one of the plan, we grew free cash flow 42% for the full year 2024 versus the prior year. Always front and center to us is capital allocation. How do we choose to invest the expected higher cash flow? Companies do capital allocation in different ways. We prioritize investing for organic growth opportunities that drive significant returns and we grow primarily through innovation. We believe this creates the most value for our shareholders over the long-term. Our investors have confirmed this. As we see high return opportunities in the future, we will invest in those opportunities. We also seek to maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet. We're in great shape. We have one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is about 23 years with only about $1.2 billion in debt coming due over the next five years. And we have no significant debt coming due in any given year. Finally, we expect to continue our strong track record of returning excess cash to shareholders. We already have a strong dividend. Therefore, as we go forward, our primary vehicle for returning cash to shareholders will be share buybacks. We have an excellent track record. Over about the last decade, we repurchased 800 million shares, close to a 50% reduction in our outstanding shares, which at today's share price has created $17 billion in value for our shareholders. Because of our growing confidence in Springboard, we started to buy back shares in the second quarter of 2024 and we have continued to do so since then. In the first quarter of 2025, we invested another $100 million in share repurchases and we expect to continue buying back shares in the second quarter. So as I wrap up today, I'd like to reiterate the important points we've shared with you this morning. In Q1, we exceeded our guidance on both sales and EPS and continued to deliver strong sales growth, while continuing to improve our return profile. And we expect another strong quarter as evidenced by our second quarter guidance, which factors in the expected direct impact of currently inactive tariffs and temporarily higher costs as we accelerate production ramps for our new GenAI products in optical communications and our new solar wafer products. Stepping back, we feel great about our progress on Springboard and we're energized about the tremendous opportunity for value creation we've built for our shareholders. Our internal Springboard plan adds $6 billion in annualized sales run rate by the end of 2026. The expected growth is driven by powerful secular trends, in particular, GenAI and solar. And our risk adjusted high confidence plan adds more than $4 billion in annualized sales. And we continue to expect operating margin to improve to 20% by the end of 2026. Therefore, we expect to continue improving ROIC, growing EPS and strengthening cash flow. Our $2 billion risk adjustment provides a sufficient buffer for a macroeconomic downturn. I look forward to updating you on our progress. With that, I'll turn it back over to Ann.
Ann Nicholson : Thank you, Ed. Okay, Carmen, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please proceed.
Steven Fox : Hi, good morning, and thanks for the detail. I guess for my question, Wendell, you talked a lot about the different aspects that could play out in this new world order. I guess the one that maybe you left out, I was wondering if you can touch on is just your pricing power in uncertain markets and how you think all this plays out versus competition. Obviously, you got pricing sort of settled on the Display side. But how do you think about just where you are at with some of the other key markets like solar and auto and especially optical? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: It's a great question, Steve. The most recent example we've had of our ability to pass cost -- increasing cost on to our customers in the form of price was part of the recovery from the pandemic where we successfully shared the impact of inflation with our customers. And so we're coming-off of that knowledge and those tools. At this moment, we're actually seeing in solar because of the increased customer interest in U.S.-sourced solar and because of events and trade, raising our potential realized price in that business and our customer dialogues. Similarly, our product sets in Opto, the bulk of the growth is being driven by unique products. We haven't really been exposed to any tariff friction cost in those businesses. Should there be some changes or things like that, that fundamental competitive moat we have should serve us well. Automotive, as of yet, we just don't have enough exposure to tariff structures to have entered into direct dialogues with our customers. So more to be seen on that space. In general, we feel really good about the way our footprint naturally reduces our exposure to changing tariff structures and our relationships with our customers are such that we feel good about our ability to mitigate any impact that comes our way.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question please. It comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Wamsi Mohan : Yes, morning. Thank you so much. You spoke about temporary capacity ramp costs in optical and solar, but your CapEx outlook did not change. It stayed at $1.3 billion. So is this largely an OpEx ramp? Is it a pull forward of any demand that you're seeing? Or are there under the cover changes in CapEx allocation? And if I could, could you also address maybe just your visibility in GenAI orders? Obviously, you had very strong growth, but there are some concerns around pullback in data center spending. I'm just trying to get some sense from you if you're seeing anything different in your order patterns at all. Thank you so much.
Ed Schlesinger : Thanks, Wamsi. Great questions. Let me take the first one on the cost ramp. So as we bring up capacity, you heard Wendell talk about, for example, in solar, us adding 1,500 jobs. So we are bringing on fixed cost to actually get that capacity up and running. So until we're actually at scale, producing at the level we're capable of and selling, we actually have a fixed cost that is embedded in our financials, and that's how we think about that cost drag. It remedies itself when we are actually at scale and selling. And in solar, for example, we believe that's in the second half. And then in optical, as an example, we are bringing on capacity, but where we're bringing it on is not really costly CapEx. And so I think if you think about our CapEx guide, we've reflected our view of what we think we need to be able to deliver the $6 billion and the $4 billion in our Springboard plan as we go forward. We'll obviously continue to update you on that, but that's sort of how you should think about it.
Wendell Weeks : Remember, in Springboard that what helps lead to the very powerful incrementals that you're actually seeing this print with EPS going up 3 times, as fast as sales is that we already largely have the capacity and the capability in place to service the growth. So what tends to hit here is, let's say, let's -- I thought Ed did an excellent job on so, let's do Opto is these are products that we're making for the very first time. So that the amount of throughput we're getting through those given lines that were dedicated when we switch a line over to do these products is a lower throughput, lower productivity than our more established. As those revenues grow, as we get better and better at making the product, which we do every week, we'd also see some of those friction costs drop away. Wamsi, did that answer your question effectively?
Wamsi Mohan : Yes, absolutely. That was super helpful, Wendell. And if you could comment on the visibility of GenAI orders too, that would be great. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks : So we just completed our quarterly detailed dialogues with our major hyperscaler customers. And what we see is that is reinforcing of our growth estimates. I think what causes noise level to some extent is different players can alter their plans in various sort of subtle ways. But given the range of our customer footprint, what tends to happen is these will balance out so that in total, what we see is continued reinforcement of our growth expectations. And by and large, the dialogues tend to be how can they get more of our new product sets and how can they take advantage of our advanced manufacturing footprint in the U.S. So those tend to be where all of our attention with our customers are is we are not quite getting them as much as they would like from us. Now that being said, it can be hard for us as those dialogues are happening to determine the difference between are we gaining share or is it increase in market? We tend to only be able to sort that out usually in the rearview mirror after we get into the next month or the month after to be able to reflect on what other people report. Was that helpful to you, Wamsi?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. That's great, Wendell. Thank you so much.
Operator: One moment. It comes from Asiya Merchant with Citi. Please proceed.
Asiya Merchant : Great. Thank you for taking my question. Just back on the comment on optical, obviously, very strong demand here. And I'm wondering, is this an environment that's very supply constrained at this point? And if there is an opportunity to further press on pricing or further strengthen Corning's moat in this segment? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks : The answer is, I think strategically you are right. Strategically, you're right. I think it will be especially applicable to sort of the next generation of products we're introducing. So more to come in that space. You see some of what you're talking about already reflected in the financials because you see the very -- the rising profitability of our Optical segment. That includes actions around that strategic centrality of what you're pointing out, Asiya. If our next-gen innovations are as competitively advantaged as we hope, we would believe that improvement in margin profile would continue.
Ann Nicholson : Next question.
Operator: It comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Samik Chatterjee : Hi, thank you for taking my question. Wendell and Ed thanks for all the prepared remarks in terms of tariffs as well as a potential sort of recession. Maybe, Wendell, if I can ask you more in relation to what your customer conversations have been since liberation day tariffs and whether when you're sort of outlining the scenarios in relation to a recession, is that a discussion that's becoming more frequent with your customers? And maybe even relative to tariffs, what are you seeing in terms of customer behavior since liberation day tariffs? Has that really changed compared to prior to that? And just adding on to that in terms of capital investment plans when we think about your solar ramp, how should we think about sort of the flexibility in that plan if we were to go into a more significant downturn? How should we think about flexibility around sort of moderating that plan? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks : On the first one, what we are experiencing was in that sort of third area that I spoke about on tariffs is we're seeing early evidence of increasing demand from our existing and new customers for our advanced manufacturing platforms in the U.S. These are significant. These dialogues are ongoing, we would hope to close some of those agreements and potentially they're significant enough that we would share those publicly in the coming months. Once again, because of the fundamentals of Springboard, we have available capacity here in the U.S. And so we would expect that incremental demand to come in at really strong profitability performance as well. So what our dialogues with our customers tend to be about is less capital risk because we have that in place and more we want to have very long-term commitments from them because what the exact tariff structure becomes over time is difficult to predict at this moment. So as we allocate that capacity, we want it to be with folks who have a long-term commitment to U.S.-based sourcing. Does that make sense, Samik? Is that responsive to your question?
Samik Chatterjee : Yes. And specifically on solar, is that -- when you think about your plan there, is it sensitive to the macro? Or given the long-term nature, should we think of it as largely you can continue on that plan? Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger : Yes, Samik, maybe I'll take that one. I think a couple of thoughts. First, the need for energy is somewhat insulated from the macro. And as Wendell said, we are seeing a demand for U.S.-sourced solar. That actually -- that demand is increasing. I think that's somewhat again, insulated from the macro. In fact, we may actually have some further commercial announcements in the near term. When we were with you in March, we actually shared that our capacity for the wafer facility we are building and actually all of our solar capacity is essentially sold out for this year, what we believe we can make. We're obviously trying to make more. And then we have 80% of that capacity sold out for the next 5 years. And in this space, we generally use tools like long-term supply agreements with take-or-pay provisions. So I think, again, this is an area where we feel really good about the growth trajectory from where we are now as we go forward. And I don't think the macro environment has a significant impact on that.
Wendell Weeks : A way to think about the strategic situation of where our demand is, it is got about 40, 50 gigawatts in that range of solar was installed and will be installed this year in the U.S. Our plan has less to do with that growing as it does as import substitution. Today, the part of the value chain that we're moving into has close to 0% of the ingots and wafers and polysilicon that are installed in the U.S. today come from the U.S. Our strategic plan is that we would like to take double-digit sort of share of that product that is installed in the U.S. for U.S. source. So it is less about macroeconomics, and it's more about the success of our low-risk, high-return entry strategy, which is why with the current sets of trade dynamics and a number of different areas in which trade action is taking place, it has made that job of share substitution from imported product to domestically produced product a little bit easier and a little bit more valuable.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you. Thanks for the color.
Operator: One moment please. It comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna Financial Group. Please proceed.
Mehdi Hosseini : Thanks a lot for taking my question. A couple of follow-ups. Wendell, can you tell me what you hear from your panel customers regarding end market demand? Obviously, the TV as part of the consumer electronics is very sensitive to macro trends. And I was wondering what you're hearing from your customers? And I have a follow-up.
Ed Schlesinger : Sure. Mehdi, this is Ed. So our view of the display market is that units for the year will essentially be flat, roughly $207 million, somewhere in that zone. We do expect there to be growth in the glass market driven by screen size increasing somewhere in the zone of about 1 inch. In the first quarter, I would say, that China stimulus has had some impact on demand. But we're not necessarily hearing anything that would take us off of our view of the numbers I gave you for the end market at this point in time.
Mehdi Hosseini : So a follow-up here, given your reported Q1 and assuming that there is a price increase embedded and your outlook for flattish volume shipment, does that imply a significant uptick starting in Q2?
Wendell Weeks : So what we are seeing in Q1 is, as you know, we did the price movements in conjunction with the move to the new core rate so that we would have the same profitability in U.S. dollars. And that's what we're seeing in quarter one. On the volume side, quarter 1 panel maker utilization was a little higher than we would have expected for normal seasonality. So that could be that some folks were building some ahead of any trade actions. What we've done is we have reflected in our quarter two guide that panel maker utilization would fall some towards the end of the quarter to correct for any sort of movement one way or the other in supply chain. Overall, what we are seeing in this market is that glass supply and demand are in balance and relatively tight. And we don't see any reason at this time to raise our forecast that television unit demand would stay where it's at. We're just assuming all this sort of evens itself out and that our growth is primarily driven through diagonal growth.
Mehdi Hosseini : All right. Great. Thanks for the details Wendell. And actually, going back to Ed, you talked about having confidence with a strong free cash flow. You're investing in the operation given your $1.3 billion CapEx. You have also done really well in beating and raising. So given that context, why not step up and be more aggressive with buyback? What is holding you back? If you're so confident with the Springboard and how you actually executed better than expected. Why not reflect in a more aggressive buyback? Any thoughts?
Ed Schlesinger : Yes. Thanks for that question, Mehdi. So just as a reminder, we started buying back shares in the second quarter of last year. We've continued to do that every quarter, and we bought back $100 million in the first quarter, and we certainly expect to continue to buy back our shares. I think for us we like to maintain a really strong balance sheet. So that's important. And as we go forward and generate that cash, I think you should expect us to continue to buy back shares. That will be our primary vehicle for which we return cash to shareholders.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson : All right. One more question.
Operator: Thank you so much. And it comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Please proceed.
John Roberts : Thank you. I think of tariffs a little bit like Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Your $0.01 to $0.02, that's basically Scope 1 and 2, and there's nothing from Scope 3 or tariff impact on your customers in there, right?
Wendell Weeks : What we try to do -- correct. What we try to do is instead say if our customers have a tariff-based impact or the macro economies have a tariff base, we try to capture that in our overall risk adjustment. What we see for most of our customers is their degree of supply chain sophistication is extremely high. And that they -- what our main dialogues with them is how they can shift to be able to optimize around tariffs. So given that, it's hard to predict sector by sector and customer by customer exactly how their tariff profile will look. So instead, we try to put all that into our risk adjustments and capture that in total and then how that would impact our demand scenarios --.
John Roberts : And then something like --.
Wendell Weeks : I'm sorry, go on, John.
John Roberts : I was going to say something like a customer moving their production from China to India that's there. Is that something that would be material to Corning? Or how would you have to adjust for that?
Wendell Weeks : So we started a number of years ago to be able to effectively build the channel to finish our products in India to be able to support our customers' thoughtful moves to different regions. Similarly, for different customers, we've done the same thing from long-standing positions with Samsung in Vietnam or all there's -- what we try to do is it takes a while to get these changes in place and our production in place. So we try to pre-emptively prepare for it. As far as a shift to India versus a shift to China, either one of those, we will capture the revenue from those, and we are already in place to be able to supply it.
John Roberts: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you so much. And this concludes our Q&A session, and I will turn it back to Ann Nicholson.
Ann Nicholson : Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we are going to attend the JPMorgan Annual Global Technology, Media and Communications Conference on May 14. Additionally, we’ll be scheduling management visits to offices in select cities. Finally, a replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thanks for joining. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce to you Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures unless we specifically indicate our comments related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the fourth quarter, the differences between GAAP and core primarily reflected non-cash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company's translated earnings contracts and Japanese yen denominated debt, as well as constant currency adjustments and other non-cash charges. As a reminder, the mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced fourth quarter and full year 2024 results. We had another outstanding quarter. We grew sales 18% year-over-year to a record $3.9 billion, and grew EPS 46% to $0.57. We expanded operating margin by 220 basis points to 18.5%. We also expanded return on invested capital 390 basis points to 12.7%. Additionally, for the full year, we generated strong free cash flow, delivering $1.25 billion for 2024, up 42%. Overall, these results capped off a terrific first year of Springboard. So, I want to review our performance in the context of our Springboard plan. As we've laid out for you, we're pursuing growth across the company of $8 billion in annualized sales run rate by the end of 2028, driven by the convergence of upward cyclical and secular trends in our markets. And we've taken this internal non-risk-adjusted plan and created a high-confidence plan for investors. First, we focused on a three-year time period, which reflects a $5 billion non-risk adjusted opportunity by the end of 2026. Second, we probabilistically adjusted for different potential outcomes, including market dynamics, timing of secular trends, successful adoption of our innovations, as well as volume pricing and market share across all of our businesses, and the potential that some of our markets may go through downcycles. And this is how we formulated our high-confidence Springboard plan to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales and to achieve operating margin of 20% by the end of 2026. Now, it's important to remember we purposely drew the $3 billion Springboard plan as a wedge. We weren't trying to guide every quarter for the next 12 quarters. So, as you can see, we're off to a great start. Our quarter four sales were $3.9 billion. So, in year one of the plan, we added $2.4 billion to our annualized sales run rate from our Springboard base. And on that strong sales growth, we demonstrated the powerful incrementals that are embedded in our plan. Year-over-year, in the fourth quarter, we expanded operating margin by 220 basis points to 18.5%. We grew EPS 46% to $0.57. We expanded ROIC 390 basis points to 12.7%. And we closed out a strong year of free cash flow generation, delivering $1.25 billion in 2024, up 42%. So, what's driving our outperformance versus our high-confidence plan? When we introduced Springboard, we told you that it was a milestone-based plan. In 2024, we hit key strategic milestones in Display and Optical. In Display, our Springboard plan is centered on maintaining stable US dollar net income. To achieve this in a weaker yen environment, we raised glass prices in the second half of 2024 to deliver consistent profitability in the segment. We expect to deliver net income of $900 million to $950 million this year, and to deliver net income margin of 25%, consistent with the last five years. Overall, we're providing a strong base in Display for our Springboard growth. In Optical Communications, our Springboard plan is about revenue growth as upward cyclical and secular trends converge to drive demand for our unique capabilities. We introduced new GenAI products in June of 2024, and we said we expected to grow our Enterprise business at a 25% compound annual growth rate through 2027. Demand for our new GenAI products grew each quarter, and sales in the Enterprise portion of our Optical business grew 93% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And for the full year, Enterprise grew to a record $2 billion, up 49% year-over-year. That growth reflects the GenAI opportunity inside the data center. We've also introduced a set of innovations to help our customers build a new network to interconnect AI-enabled data centers between the cities. As part of an agreement with Lumen Technologies, which reserves 10% of our global fiber capacity for 2025 and 2026, we launched the first outside plant deployment of Corning's new GenAI fiber and cable system that enables Lumen to fit anywhere from 2 times to 4 times the amount of fiber into their existing conduit. And just this month, we started shipping, and Lumen has begun deploying our new data center interconnect products. Overall, strong customer response to our new products drove sales of $1.4 billion in Optical in the fourth quarter, reflecting 51% year-over-year growth. And we expect continued growing demand in Optical in 2025 and beyond. So, I've highlighted just two of the key milestones that are contributing to the outperformance of our Springboard plan in year one. We're pursuing a rich opportunity set that extends across our portfolio, including solar, automotive, and mobile consumer electronics. And the progress we've made increases the probability that our sales will be above our high-confidence sales run rate by the end of 2026. As a result, we are planning to upgrade our $3 billion Springboard plan at our March Investor event. So, let's take a moment to help you understand how we're thinking about it. First, I've already shared with you that our businesses are collectively pursuing a non-risk-adjusted plan to add $8 billion in annualized sales run rate by the end of 2028, and $5 billion by the end of 2026. Now, we've just completed our strategy planning cycle, and we remain comfortable that those targets are appropriate. So, we're not changing our non-risk-adjusted plan at this time. Of course, our internal plans won't be exactly right on everything, including timing, because that's just not how the future works. But the benefit of our balanced portfolio is that we know many of our exciting opportunities will come to fruition. We translated our non-risk-adjusted plan into a high-confidence investable thesis for you by accounting for multiple potential outcomes. And we provided you our high-confidence plan to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales by the end of 2026. So, where do we stand today? Even though we're only one year into the three-year high-confidence plan, our progress against key milestones increases the potential for positive outcomes and, therefore, our likelihood of success. For example, the tremendous response to our GenAI products puts us on the positive side of that distribution. Our display pricing also puts us on the positive side. And you're seeing that positive momentum in our numbers. So, as I just shared with you, as a result of our progress across our portfolio, we will upgrade our $3 billion high-confidence plan at our March Investor event. Before I turn things over to Ed, here's what I'd like to leave you with today. Our quarter four was an outstanding quarter that capped off a terrific first year of our Springboard plan. We added $2.4 billion to our annualized sales run rate in quarter four. And as we grow sales, we're growing profitability at a significantly faster rate. Overall, we positioned our businesses to benefit from a convergence of cyclical and secular trends to drive growth across the company through 2026 and beyond. We've got many more milestones ahead, and I look forward to sharing more detail with you on the strong progress we're making when we get together in March. With that, I'll turn it over to Ed.
Ed Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning, everyone. As you just heard, we had another outstanding quarter and completed a strong first year of our Springboard plan. Cyclical and secular trends are driving demand for our products. We have the capacity and technical capabilities in place to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales by the end of 2026. And the cost and capital are already reflected in our financials. So, this means that as we grow, we expect to grow profit significantly faster than sales. And that's exactly what you saw in the fourth quarter. Sales grew 18% year-over-year to $3.9 billion and EPS grew 46% to $0.57, more than 2 times the rate of sales. Operating margin expanded 220 basis points to 18.5%, marking strong progress on the target we've shared to achieve 20% operating margin by the end of 2026. Overall, it was a terrific quarter and we expect our momentum to continue in 2025. In the first quarter, we expect sales to grow 10% year-over-year to approximately $3.6 billion, with core EPS growing approximately 30% to a range of $0.48 to $0.52. Based on our strong performance, we continue to track ahead of our Springboard plan. So, this morning, I want to share more details and perspective on our quarter and full year results. For the full year, we grew sales 7% to $14.5 billion. At the same time, EPS grew 15% to $1.96. Gross margin expanded 190 basis points to 38.2% and operating margin expanded [a full] (ph) percentage point to 17.5%. We increased free cash flow by $373 million versus the prior year to $1.25 billion. Moving to the segments. In Optical Communications, fourth quarter sales were $1.37 billion, up 51% year-over-year. Full year sales grew 16% to $4.66 billion. In our Enterprise business, sales were $686 million for the quarter, up 93% year-over-year, driven by the continued strong adoption of our new GenAI products. This marks another record quarter of growth in this business. And for the full year, Enterprise grew 49% to $2 billion. We also grew year-over-year in our Carrier business in the fourth quarter as customers continued to buy closer to their rates of deployment. Net income for the full year and fourth quarter reflected strong incremental profit on higher volume. For the fourth quarter, net income for the Optical Communications segment grew 120% year-over-year to $194 million. And for the full year, net income grew 28% to $612 million. Overall, we expect our unique capabilities in Optical Communications to drive continued growth in 2025 and beyond. In Carrier, we expect deployments to increase in 2025 as indicated by carrier customer conversations and public announcements. We also expect growing demand for our connectivity products for GenAI, and we're just beginning to ship our new data center interconnect products to Lumen in the first quarter. Moving to Display Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $971 million, up 12% year-over-year. Net income was $262 million. Full year sales grew 10% to $3.87 billion. Net income was up 19%. The retail and glass market grew year-over-year as measured in square feet, driven by larger average screen size. Late in the quarter, panel makers increased their utilization rates as set makers upped their orders, driven by government stimulus in China. We expect panel makers to continue at these utilization rates in the first quarter of 2025. As we shared with you in September and on our third quarter earnings call, we raised glass prices to deliver consistent profitability in the segment. We've successfully implemented double-digit price increases in the second half of 2024 to ensure we can maintain stable US dollar net income in a weaker yen environment. We continue to expect to deliver net income of $900 million to $950 million in 2025 and net income margin of 25%, consistent with the last five years. Turning to Specialty Materials, in the fourth quarter, sales were $515 million, up 9% year-over-year and down 6% sequentially. Full year sales grew 8% to $2 billion as we advanced our More Corning content strategy in both Gorilla and Advanced Optics. Net income grew 40% year-over-year in the fourth quarter to $81 million and was up 29% for the full year to $260 million, reflecting strong incrementals on higher volumes as well as strong demand for our premium glass innovations. In Environmental Technologies, our fourth quarter sales were $397 million, down 7% year-over-year, driven by weaker light-duty and heavy-duty markets in Europe. Full year sales were down 6% year-over-year as we continued to experience weaker global heavy-duty markets, particularly in Europe. Net income of $81 million for Q4 was down 17% year-over-year, reflecting lower volume. Net income for the full year was $358 million, down 7% on lower sales. In 2025, industry analysts expect the global light-duty market to remain flat and for the heavy-duty market to be down slightly, primarily in North America. In Life Sciences, fourth quarter sales were $250 million, up 3% year-over-year, and net income grew 6% year-over-year. Full year sales were $979 million, up 2% as the market stabilized throughout the year. Net income grew 26%, significantly faster than sales. And finally, in Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses, fourth quarter sales were $373 million, up 5% year-over-year. Full year sales were $1.28 billion. As you can see, we're making strong progress on Springboard. And as we enter 2025, we expect our momentum to continue. In the first quarter, we expect sales to grow 10% year-over-year to approximately $3.6 billion, with core EPS growing approximately 30% to a range of $0.48 to $0.52. Additionally, we have hedged our yen exposure for 2025 and 2026. We also have hedges in place beyond 2026. In 2025, we will be resetting our yen core rate to JPY120 to $1, consistent with our hedge rate. We have reflected the JPY120 core rate in our Q1 guidance. We do not plan to recast our 2024 financials because we expect to maintain the same profitability in Display at the new core rate. And as I said earlier, in Display, we expect to deliver net income of $900 million to $950 million in 2025, and net income margin of 25%, consistent with the last five years. Now, I'd like to spend a minute on capital allocation. I've told you that we have the capacity and technical capabilities in place to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales by the end of 2026. So, we expect to deliver strong incremental profit and cash flow as we capture the sales growth opportunity outlined in our Springboard plan. One proof point from the first year of the plan is that we grew free cash flow by 42% in 2024 to $1.25 billion. And as our execution of Springboard continues, we expect to generate significant cash in 2025. Our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We prioritize investing for organic growth opportunities. We believe this creates the most value for our shareholders over the long-term. In 2025, we expect our capital expenditures to be approximately $1.3 billion. We also seek to maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet. We're in great shape here. We have one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is about 23 years, with only about $1.2 billion in debt coming due over the next five years. And we have no significant debt coming due in any given year. And finally, we expect to continue our strong track record of returning excess cash to shareholders. We started to buy back shares in the second quarter and we have continued to do so throughout 2024. So, as I wrap up today, I'd like to reiterate that we had an outstanding fourth quarter that capped off a strong first year of Springboard. Compared with Q4 2023, our starting point for Springboard, sales grew 18% year-over-year to $3.9 billion, EPS grew 46% to $0.57, and operating margin expanded 220 basis points to 18.5%, marking strong progress on the target we've shared to achieve 20% operating margin by the end of 2026. Looking ahead, we expect 10% year-over-year sales growth in the first quarter, with EPS growing about 3 times faster. And we expect to sustain our momentum throughout 2025. In total, we're tracking ahead of our high-confidence plan to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales by the end of 2026. And we look forward to our March Investor event when we plan to provide you with an update to our high-confidence Springboard plan. Thank you, everyone. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Okay, operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Joe Cardoso: Hi, thanks for the question. This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik. I guess maybe just for my one question, and I'm not trying to get ahead of the Investor event, but maybe Wendell, can you just flush out your comments a bit more around an upgrade or the potential upgrade to the risk-adjusted plan? However, you're still feeling comfortable around the non-risk-adjusted plan. Obviously, the implications there is that the upgrade could land somewhere between those two plans at least for your 2026 targets that you provided. And if so, maybe can you just help us think about the lingering risk or the major risks from your perspective that Corning is still looking to navigate to achieve the non-risk-adjusted plan at least relative to the 2026 targets? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So, thanks for the question, Joe. I think actually in your question, you had the answer, which is, yes, you understand exactly what we're saying. When we go through our full strategic review, we work our way through all of those various scenarios and where we came back is that that long-term plan to generate $8 billion, that target remained quite appropriate. And that what's happened is that if you take a look at the full distribution of potential outcomes that the probability has shifted towards higher numbers being more probable with underneath between that $8 billion and our risk-adjusted plan. So, we'll have a number that will be between those two and we'll fill that out in March. And at that time, what we'll also do is we'll talk some about the milestones that are ahead. Was that answer clear or did I make it more confusing, Joe?
Joe Cardoso: No, no, very clear. I guess, Wendell, what I was just trying to get at more is just around like the risk that you still see ahead. I think at the time or even in the call itself today, you mentioned that obviously Optical is tracking ahead. And I think the risks back in June, you talked about timing around projects getting done and then Display obviously was another one of the bigger risks relative to the plan. So, as you think about today and now starting to get ahead of some of those or those check marks around some of those risks being in the rearview mirror, I guess as you think about the plan, which are the major risks that are still ahead that you think are still left to navigate?
Wendell Weeks: So, I think about a little less as risk and more as milestones. So, for instance, let's stay in Opto for a moment. We see Carrier growing year-over-year as their deployment rates have -- as their purchases from us are now approaching their deployment rates. So, as part of our cyclical trend there, what we said is that the Carriers had overdone inventory relative to deployment and those two things would come into line and then we'd start to see recovery. We've seen the beginning of that, right, but we'd like to see more. Similarly, in our solar map, right, we have several milestones that we'd like to see be completed for that business to become the scale of the opportunity that you see reflected in our non-risk-adjusted plan. Similarly, we have some major innovations in mobile consumer electronics that drive more Corning into that relatively stable market as the market adopts more and more of our innovations. Similarly in automotive, both our automotive glass, there's key milestones to hit, as well as adoption of the GPF technology in the US ICE market. So, that just gives you an example of some of the key milestones that are still ahead for us to hit the full non-risk-adjusted plan. Was that helpful, Joe?
Joe Cardoso: Yes, Wendell. Thank you. That's great. Appreciate the color.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Congrats on the quarter. This is [Bastien] (ph) filling in for Mehdi. So, you expect Carrier deployments to increase in 2025 and growing demand of connectivity products. Is that ex Lumen? So, that'd be my first question. And my second question is, could you maybe give us a little bit of color on where you're guiding on those 10% year-on-year sales growth? If you could get a little bit of color on if you're still seeing Enterprise being strong? And as well, if you could touch a little bit on the Display market?
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, thank you for those questions. So, first on Carrier, so yes, we did start shipping Lumen right here just now in first quarter and that will ramp as we go through the year. When we talk about Carrier deployments increasing, I would say it's broader than Lumen, but I would also say that the number one indicator is what we see in our order book. So, we're not necessarily starting out right here expecting a big ramp in Carrier deployments in the first half of 2025. So, we expect Carriers other than Lumen to increase deployments, but not so much early in the year. And then, to your Enterprise question, we definitely expect our momentum to continue into 2025. And certainly, in the first quarter, our year-over-year guide implies a strong Enterprise segment in the first quarter. And then, I think your last part of your question was on the Display market. What I would say on Display is, we saw growth in glass in 2024 year-over-year, primarily from screen size. The IT market was also up year-over-year in that space. Panel makers ran relatively strong in the fourth quarter. We're expecting them to kind of run at that rate as they go into calendar year 2025. That said, we provided you with a guide for full year Display on net income, which of course implies a sales guide as well. So, it's possible that the back half is a little bit lower in Display if the front half is a little bit stronger. So, we would expect screen size to continue year-over-year to really be driving any growth in Display in the glass market.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Okay, next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citi. Your line is now open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you, and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Two, if I may. The Optical demand is obviously ramping up really well. Can you talk a little bit about how we should think about net income margins in that segment? It expanded a little bit relative to the last quarter. Growth was on the top-line pretty strong. So, as we think about the momentum here and the drivers for growth in Enterprise more strongly than Carrier, how we should think about the net income margin performance in that segment? And the second one on cash flow. How we should think about free cash flow margins sort of as you guys progress towards your Springboard plan and exceed that Springboard plan, the high-confidence Springboard plan, how we should think about free cash flow margins in 2025? Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, thanks, Asiya, and thanks for the nice comments. First, on Optical, I think the thing to think about is our sales have ramped significantly through the year, especially in Enterprise, and we're expecting that to continue. So, we have some costs to actually be able to serve the higher sales and the expected higher sales that we have going into 2025, and that is having a little bit of an impact on our Optical margins here in the fourth quarter. So, I would expect our margins to continue to accrete up in Optical as we go into 2025. And then, on cash, as we sort of started out the year, our expectation was that we wouldn't need to add a lot of capacity, and that has turned out to be true, and I think our capital guide continues to imply that. So, our free cash flow was up very nicely year-over-year, and we expect free cash flow to continue to improve. I want to think a little bit about your question on margin, cash flow margin, so I'll come back to you on that. But the other thing I would add is that as we exited the year, we did build some working capital in AR and inventory. And again, I attribute that to just the ramp in sales. So, that actually bodes well as we go into 2025.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Okay, next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Wendell, your Optical business is clearly benefiting from the GenAI deployments and we've heard a lot of market dislocation over the last week from DeepSeek. So, I'm curious what your view is on DeepSeek's impact to AI build out more broadly and for Corning in particular.
Wendell Weeks: Well, thanks for that opportunity, Wamsi. First and most importantly for Corning investors, we don't see any negative impact on our Springboard plan to deliver our $3 billion-plus revenue by the end of 2026 from the DeepSeek set of announcements. So, from a Corning perspective, we don't see any significant impact. More broadly, I think you're interested in is DeepSeek has actually been a topic of focus for the technical community for the last two or three months from when they first did their V3 late last year. To reduce the cost of training, they appear to have used both innovations that are already in use by the leaders in the space, as well as some innovations that are a little ahead of the industry at this time, right? And I just think more will become public as to everything that went into their set of innovations as time goes by. Stepping back, I think what's super important to understand is that we need dramatic improvement in training and inference cost to make GenAI into a highly sustainable business model and more importantly the productivity driver that we all hope it will be. So, we need sort of order of magnitude type improvements. And so, [what we] (ph) should always do is expect there to be significant innovations are going to continue here, right? And in many ways, all of us in this space are counting on many more innovations to come, so that this realizes its ultimate potential. There is nothing in all of this that would say the need for better compute and better communications doesn't make models better. Does that make sense to you, Wamsi?
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah. No, it does. I appreciate that answer. Thank you, Wendell. And one for Ed, if I could. Just one quick clarification on the core rate of JPY120. Would this core rate be static again for a few years as you have had in the past? And that's my quick clarification. And secondarily, would you say that as you think about 2025 in your guidance for CapEx over here, you're just coming off a pretty low year of CapEx relative to last several years, and it's ticking back up. Can you just help us think through what are the incremental places where investments are going on that incremental CapEx? Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Maybe on CapEx, just real quick, we had been guiding around $1.2 billion for most of the year. We came in a little below that. There's always a little bit of timing in terms of how we're spending. But I think the most important thing to think about is our depreciation is about $1.3 billion. So, if we're spending capital at that level or below that level, we're really not adding any material capacity and our guide for next year is in line with that thinking. So, we always need a little capacity here or there or we add technological innovation, capital for new technology, but that's how I'm thinking about it. We're really not adding anything significant in our 2025 guide. On the core rate, so maybe just stepping back, we've been talking about what we've been doing in Display. So, the most important thing is that we were able to raise price double-digits in the back half and that's actually in our kind of guide or our run rate as we go forward. We were able to hedge 2025 and 2026 at the JPY120 rate. So, at least my expectation is no change for that time period. We also have hedges in place beyond 2026, and we'll come back as the year progresses and share our thoughts on how to think about it beyond that 2026 time window.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. How do you think about the risk of the BEAD program being reworked and maybe satellite playing a more significant role? It seems like this administration is willing to go back into programs already well underway.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, John. Within our overall Springboard plan, one of the things we've accounted for in our sort of derating between non-risk-adjusted and our risk-adjusted plan is how effective and how broadly BEAD would be used. We weren't counting on it to become any degree of revenue even in our non-risk-adjusted plan until 2026. So, one of the things we updated as part of our strategy planning process was how do we feel about where fiber optics would deploy versus satellite being a better economic answer. After we worked through all of those pieces, what we basically came back with were some modifications, but nothing that would change our fundamental Springboard thesis, John.
John Roberts: And then maybe a quick one for Ed, but the Hemlock minority interest income surged. What's going on there? And will you break out Hemlock sales beginning in the March quarter?
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. So, two things, John. We have a few joint ventures that impact our minority interest line. Hemlock did actually have a strong fourth quarter. A lot of their semiconductor polysilicon contracts are back-end loaded. So that does drive our minority interest up high in the fourth quarter or higher, just given the higher sales, higher income. And yes, our intention would be as we go into 2025 to provide some updates to our segment reporting. You've heard us talk about graduating our automotive glass business out and breaking out solar/Hemlock. So that is -- that continues to be our plans. And after we file our 10-K and move past this year, we'll provide some more insight on that.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt Niknam: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, and congrats on the quarter. Just two from me. First on, I guess, new administration and I'm wondering, is the prospect of newer tariffs implemented by the new U.S. administration hold forward any sort of demand or ordering activity into 4Q or even in the first quarter? And then secondly, maybe for Ed, you talked about the healthy balance sheet position, ramping free cash flow and you talked about buybacks. I'm just wondering, given the dividend was relatively flat last year, how are you thinking about resuming dividend growth in the context of the success of Springboard seen to date? Thanks.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, thanks, Matt. Appreciate the comments and the questions. So maybe I'll start with your second one. So, yes, good cash flow. We started buying back shares. We expect to continue to do that as we go forward. We haven't provided any specific target. I think on the dividend, we pay a very healthy dividend. I would like to see our payout ratio come down a little bit from where it is even today before we start to resume increasing the dividend, but that's certainly not off the table for us as we go forward. Maybe on tariffs, I'll make a comment and Wendell can jump in, if he wants to add anything. I think first and foremost, I want to be very humble and admit that we don't actually know what's going to happen yet. There's a lot of proposals out there. So, we are obviously tracking all of that and we're not going to react to things until they're really enacted. A couple of things to consider for Corning. First and foremost, we manufacture generally where our customers are. So, sort of from a direct impact of tariffs on us, on the things we make and import/export, there isn't a huge impact, there's a limited impact, not -- it's not zero, but there's certainly a limited impact. And we have the ability to move our supply chain a little bit and we certainly have the ability to raise price if that is something that is required to do. I think, secondly, we manufacture a lot in the US. We're very much for advanced manufacturing in the US. We have a big footprint in our Optical business in fiber and cable. We produce environmental for our Environmental business, our Life Sciences business, solar, and we even make product for our mobile consumer electronics business in the US. So, I think that actually puts us on the side of we like US manufacturing and we're very supportive of that. So, we'll continue to track it, but right now, I don't think we have anything that we would add to the external dialog. Feel free to jump in.
Wendell Weeks: I think when you start to do fine-tuning on models, right, there's some places to look. It's not -- I think Ed is exactly right on our direct sales. We'll see some differences in customer behavior. I think in our Display business, we're seeing a little bit stronger panel maker utilization as they sort of get ready for what may or may not happen, but that's really a close-in sort of modeling question, Matt. I think Ed has got the fundamental thrust along with the humility that we have to bring to this broader question. Does that make sense to you, Matt?
Matt Niknam: It does. Thank you, both.
Ann Nicholson: Okay. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. A couple of quick questions for me. Maybe first, as you started to kind of get the Lumen orders early on, is that kind of tracking to kind of how you thought to the order patterns that you were expecting? And then maybe just a second question on Specialty Materials. Noted kind of it looked like there was an upgrade in the content with the S25 phone from Samsung that just came out. So, just wondering if that kind of impacts the trajectory of the year on Specialty Materials? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: On the first one, the order pattern is coming in the way we would have expected. We've actually been more of the bottleneck because this is a brand new to the world product. So, it's been our ability to make sure we got through the full qual cycles, testing cycles, and the like to be able to do this new to the world product rather than Lumen's desire to install it that have taken us here into the past month to be able to ship. So -- but if your core of your question is, are we seeing the demand we anticipated, the answer is yes. To the second, yeah, we're excited about their announcement. It's in line with sort of our overall More Corning strategy. And we are, in general, always happy when we see our customers be able to use our newest innovations to be able to make their product better and that they think it's so important that they promote it. I mean, that always makes our day.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Excuse me. Two-parter, if I could on Optical. First, maybe a quick one. I think this -- the Enterprise piece of the business used to be about 50-50 Enterprise-data center. I'm assuming that's giving a lot more to the data center customers. If you could just give just some high-level impact there? And then secondly, Ed, maybe you or Wendell, just curious, just looking back, obviously, there's always been a lot of cyclicality in this Optical Comms business, some really big years followed by some down 10% or 20% years. So, curious how you're thinking about cyclicality going forward. I'm sure the visibility into the next -- into 2025 is very solid. How far does the visibility extend for you? And how do you prepare for potential cyclicality like we've seen multiple times over the last decade? Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, maybe on your first -- the first part of your question, Tim, I think a good way to think about it is our Enterprise business is up about 50% for the full year of 2024 versus 2023, and the majority of that growth is coming in the GenAI data center space. So that kind of gives you a flavor for the change in the profile of the mix between hyperscale or data center and non-data center. On the second one, I'll make a comment, but I'd certainly like Wendell to add. We actually have pretty good visibility in what I would call the near-term, right? So, think of that as 2025, right? We expect our momentum to continue in that space. I'm always, again, humble -- I use the same word humble that there can be periods of time where you have a build cycle that slows down. And so, you could have a quarter where even though your order rates are strong and the momentum is continuing, your sales may not go up as much as it has over the last several quarters. I think that's true in Carrier and it can certainly be true in the Enterprise space as well.
Wendell Weeks: I think it's a great observation, Tim. That is one of the key factors that is a difference between our non-risk-adjusted plan and our risk-adjusted plan is catching the timing of those capital cycles. I think the good news right now is, historically, sort of one of the big drivers of those cycles has been Carrier behavior as new links are put in. And right now, you don't see Carrier being a significant driver of the results that we have just printed. It's much more -- it's just the recovery of our orders to get more in line with their deployments. So, then that takes us back to what will the hyperscale data centers, the data center buildouts look like. And we'll try to provide you a little more insight into that when we get together in March as to how much visibility that we see, how does -- do the reservations on our capacity look like. And we'll try to provide that with a little more insight to help you guys understand why we'll be upgrading our plan and why we're not just rolling out with our non-risk-adjusted plan. Does that make sense to you, Tim?
Tim Long: Yes, it does. Thank you very much.
Ann Nicholson: Okay. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
James Cannon: Hey, guys. This is James Cannon on for Josh. I just wanted to dive back in on the BEAD program, and I think there are three states maybe at this point that have been -- that have gone through their final approval process. I just wanted to see if you've had any orders start to come in under that? Or if it's still pointing towards kind of that 2026 timeline? And if you have had any orders, how do those track against your kind of prior target of, call it, a $4 billion TAM against the $42 billion allocated program?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. Okay. So first, early stages, Ed has talked about approaching the future with humility. And you'll remember when we introduced BEAD as one of the three potential springs, I also shared that you should approach government programs with some degree of cynicism as well as humility because of how long everything takes. And that cynicism seems to have been well placed. Yes, we are starting to see the earliest trickles, but not enough for us to notice in the size and scale of our numbers, James, right? And yes, what we're seeing supports our view of the TAM. That being said, it's so little data. I wouldn't take it as necessarily reinforcing nor would I say that it would all accelerate our view that this would begin to make a difference anytime between now and 2026.
James Cannon: All right. Understood. Thank you very much.
Ann Nicholson: All right. We'll take one last question.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot for squeezing me in. Congrats on the strong results. I guess, I wanted to ask about the JPY120 rate on the yen. I guess that was a lot better than I was imagining just looking at the forward curves we've seen over the last six or nine months. I guess, I'm wondering if the company spent a lot on putting those hedges in place? Or is it the case that we've seen historically where the hedging portfolio has been relatively low cost or no cost for the company? Just trying to understand kind of how you got on that yen rate. And then also, I'd be curious if you could take the Q1 guidance and give us a year-on-year compare. So, give us a sense for what Q1 of '24 would have looked like at a JPY120 rate on the yen, just to be able to have an apples-to-apples compare? Thanks a lot, guys.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, thanks, George. So, I think the short answer is, we were able to use a number of tools like we always do when we hedge the yen to keep the cost very low, to be able to achieve that JPY120 rate. As you know, we've been hedging the yen in other currencies for a long period of time and we've generated a significant amount of gains over $2.5 billion of time. We can go out in time as well to continue to benefit from the rate. And then, there are other mechanisms we have. So, generally relatively low cost and all that cost is reflected in our financial statements. On the Q1 guide, we'll take your question and come back. I mean, we're not planning to recast the yen primarily because when you take the impact of our price increases and the change from JPY107 to JPY120, we expect to get to the same level of profitability. So that's the way we've sort of designed our approach to dealing with the weaker yen environment. And so, therefore, we were not intending to do that. But I understand what you're trying to do. When I think about our Q1 guide, Q1 of 2024, we did not have our price increases in there and we were at JPY107. When you go to Q1 of 2025, we have the price increases and we're at JPY120 and we expect to be at or above the same level of profitability. And that's kind of the proof point that we are using to sort of articulate this approach. But we'll come back and talk a little bit maybe offline about what you're seeking.
George Notter: Super. Thanks very much.
Ann Nicholson: Yeah. Thanks, George. Thanks, Ed. And thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we're going to be virtually attending the Susquehanna 14th Annual Tech Conference on February 28th. And as we said, we'll be hosting an Investor event in New York City on March 18th. Additionally, we'll be scheduling management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a web replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Operator, that concludes the call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Three 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. It is my pleasure to introduce you to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Dilem, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the third quarter, the difference between GAAP and core EPS primarily reflected noncash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company's translated earnings contracts and Japanese yen-denominated debt, constant currency adjustments and noncash asset write-offs and charges. As a reminder, the mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast and we encourage you to follow along. Now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced strong third quarter 2024 results. Year-over-year, sales grew 8% to $3.73 billion, and EPS grew 20% to $0.54. Our quarter three outperformance was led by Optical Communications, where continued strong adoption of our new optical connectivity products for generative AI drove 55% year-over-year growth in the Enterprise portion of the segment. Our momentum continues as we close out the year. In the fourth quarter, we expect year-over-year sales growth to accelerate and EPS to continue growing faster than sales. And Ed will elaborate more on that in a moment. Overall, our results and outlook show we're making strong progress on our Springboard plan to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales with powerful incremental profit and cash flow and to achieve an operating margin of 20% by the end of 2026. So before Ed and I get into the details, let me just briefly recap the primary elements of Springboard. First, this chart reflects our internal non-risk adjusted Springboard plan. This is what our business operators are focused on delivering. There's a lot to take away from this slide. We have a significant sales opportunity. We're looking at potential growth of $8 billion in annualized sales run rate by the end of 2028 with $5 billion by the end of 2026. Now remember, this is our internal plan. When we say it's not risk adjusted, what we mean is the projections are based on a number of assumptions including markets recovering to historical trend lines with continued growth thereafter, successful adoption of new innovations across a number of markets and platforms and successful execution of all our operational milestones for productivity and for price. But what we wanted to do was take our $8 billion opportunity and translate it into a high confidence plan for our shareholders. To do that, first, we focused on a three-year time period. Second, we probabilistically adjusted for different potential outcomes in each of our market access platforms including market dynamics, timing of secular trends, successful adoption of our innovations, as well as volume, pricing and market share across all our businesses as well as the potential that some of our markets may go through down cycles. And this is how we come to the high confidence Springboard plan, to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales and achieved operating margin of 20% by the end of 2026. It's also important to know that we purposely drew this as a wedge. We weren't trying to guide every quarter for the next 12 quarters. It obviously will not be a straight line, but we're also not dealing with a hockey stick. When we built the plan, we expected to see strong growth this year. And that's exactly what you're seeing in our results. So I'd like to take a moment to share two important observations about our performance. First, we're significantly improving our return profile. In the third quarter, we again drove sales growth while demonstrating our ability to deliver the powerful incrementals embedded in Springboard. In the third quarter, sales grew 8% year-over-year. EPS grew more than twice as fast as sales. Operating margin expanded 160 basis points year-over-year to 18.3% and gross margin expanded 220 basis points to 39.2%. We also generated strong free cash flow of $553 million and we continued buying back shares in the third quarter. Second, we're reaching key strategic milestones that underscore the significant progress we've made against our high confidence plan. Let me just briefly summarize the recent milestones in Display and in Optical. In Display, our Springboard plan is centered on maintaining stable US dollar net income. To achieve this, we are raising glass prices. Our price actions, in combination with the hedges we have in place through 2026 will deliver consistent profitability in the segment. We expect to deliver net income of $900 million to $950 million next year and to deliver net income margin of 25%, consistent with the last five years. Simply put, our price increases offset the weaker yen in our hedges and we expect to maintain the same profitability. Most importantly, we will continue to be the low-cost technology and market leader in Display. Overall, we're providing a strong base in Display for our Springboard growth. In Optical Communications, our Springboard plan is about revenue growth as cyclical and secular trends converge to drive demand for our unique capabilities. When we introduced our Gen AI products in June, we said we expected to grow our Enterprise business at a 25% compound annual growth rate over the next four years. Looking back to the second quarter, strong demand for our new Gen AI products drove outperformance and our Enterprise business grew by 42% year-over-year. As I noted, our performance continues. Enterprise grew by 55% in the third quarter versus last year. That growth reflects the Gen AI opportunity inside the data center. We've also introduced a set of innovations to help our customers build a new network to interconnect AI-enabled data centers. As part of an agreement with Lumen Technologies, which reserves 10% of our global fiber capacity for each of the next two years. We recently launched the first outside plant deployment of Corning's new Gen AI fiber and cable system that enables Lumen to fit anywhere from two to four times the amount of fiber into their existing conduit. This is an exciting new space and we expect to capture other large opportunities. Optical is also marking important developments with other important carrier customers, Verizon and AT&T. At the Broadband Strategy Event last week, Verizon highlighted their partnership with Corning and said we're delivering technologies to make it easier for them to reach their deployment goals. They plan to significantly expand their fiber footprint from 25 million fiber passings to more than 30 million fiber passings by 2028. We also just announced a multiyear purchase agreement with AT&T to provide next-generation fiber, cable and connectivity solutions to support the expansion of AT&T's fiber network and help bring high-speed Internet to more Americans. The agreement valued at more than $1 billion builds on a decades-long collaboration between our companies. AT&T is expanding its network to bring world-class fiber to more people and places across the country. By using Corning's newest preconnectorized solutions, AT&T can accelerate its network expansion and enhance network performance while minimizing deployment cost. They'll leverage our latest additions to our portfolio of connectivity solutions, which are fully compliant with the Build America Buy America provisions of the Broadband Equity, Access and Deployment program. The program known as BEAD is part of the government's efforts to bring high-speed Internet to rural communities. Stepping back. As you can see, we're three quarters into our three-year Springboard plan and we're making significant progress. Our third quarter results demonstrate the sales growth and the powerful incremental profit and cash flow we expect to deliver as we improve our return profile and march steadily toward our 20% operating margin target by the end of 2026. And we're marking significant milestones along our Springboard journey. And we have plenty of milestones ahead. In Optical Communications, we expect carriers to return to buying at deployment rates and for their deployment rates to increase and drive growth in 2025. And we expect the BEAD program to gather momentum starting in the second half of 2025. We have a triple-digit automotive glass business today and we expect sales in that business to almost triple by 2026. We expect recently announced US EPA regulations to force gas particulate filter adoption and drive hundreds of millions of dollars of growth for us in the US alone with sales starting in 2026. Finally, we plan to launch a new solar market access platform. Overall, we positioned our businesses to benefit from a convergence of cyclical and secular trends to drive growth across the company through 2026 and beyond. We'll continue to update you as we hit significant milestones. Now let me turn it over to Ed for some more detail and perspective on the quarter as well as Springboard.
Edward Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. As you just heard, we had an outstanding quarter. Year-over-year, Q3 sales grew 8% to $3.73 billion, and EPS grew 20%, more than twice the rate of sales to $0.54 with operating margin expanding 160 basis points to 18.3%. We also generated free cash flow of $553 million. Our outperformance was led by Optical Communications. Sales grew 36% year-over-year and sales in the Enterprise business grew 55%, driven by continued strong adoption of our new optical connectivity products for Generative AI. We expect our momentum to continue. In the fourth quarter, we anticipate year-over-year sales growth to accelerate and EPS to again grow faster than sales, with sales up about 15% to approximately $3.75 billion and EPS up approximately 40% in the range of $0.53 to $0.57. Today, I'll provide more detail on our Q3 results and Q4 outlook as well as put them into the context of our overall Springboard plan. As a reminder, a key component of our plan is to deliver powerful incrementals. We have the capacity and technical capabilities in place to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales by the end of 2026 with minimal cash investment and the cost and capital are already reflected in our financials. This means that we expect to grow profit significantly faster than sales, and that's exactly what we're seeing in our third quarter results. So let's dive in. In Optical Communications, Sales for the third quarter were $1.2 billion, up 36% year-over-year and net income for the quarter was $175 million, up 92% year-over-year as we delivered strong incremental profit on the higher volume. In our Enterprise business, sales were up 55% year-over-year driven by continued strong adoption of AI-related connectivity solutions. This marks another record quarter in this business and adds to our confidence in our plan to grow Enterprise at a 25% compound annual growth rate from 2023 to 2027. We also grew year-over-year in our carrier business in the third quarter. We're encouraged by new customer agreements, including our recent announcements with AT&T and Lumen. Overall, we expect both cyclical and secular drivers in Optical Communications to sustain growth in 2025 and beyond. Moving to Display Technologies. Third quarter sales were $1 billion, consistent with the second quarter. Net income was $285 million, up 10% sequentially. Our third quarter volume was down sequentially as panel makers began to lower their utilization rates in the quarter. We expect panel makers to continue managing their operations to maintain healthy inventory levels. As a result, we expect the glass market and our volume to decline sequentially in the fourth quarter. Longer term, we expect the display glass market to grow at a low single-digit rate, supported by stable TV unit sales and average screen size growing about one inch per year. As we shared with you at our September investor event, we are raising glass prices to ensure we can maintain stable US dollar net income. Specifically, we implemented currency-based price increases in Q3. Overall, our customers are experiencing a double-digit price increase in the second half of 2024. In total, our price increases offset the weaker yen in our hedges, and therefore, we expect to maintain the same profitability. As a result, when we move to our new yen core rate in 2025, we do not plan to recast our 2024 financials. As a reminder, we have the majority of our yen exposure hedged for 2025 and 2026 and we also have hedges in place beyond 2026. Our hedges are not at the 2024 core rate of 107, but they're much better than the current spot rate. We expect to deliver net income of $900 million to $950 million next year and net income margin of 25%, consistent with the last five years. Turning to Specialty Materials. Sales in the third quarter were $548 million, up 9% sequentially, primarily driven by premium glass for mobile devices. Net income was $72 million, up 14% sequentially, reflecting higher volume. In Environmental Technologies, third quarter sales were $382 million, down 11% sequentially reflecting the continued impact of the Class 8 truck down cycle in North America, as anticipated. Net income of $75 million was down sequentially, reflecting lower volume. We expect the heavy-duty market weakness to continue and sales and environmental to remain muted in the fourth quarter. In Life Sciences, sales in the quarter were $244 million, up 6% year-over-year. Net income was $15 million, up 15% year-over-year. Turning to Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses. Sales in the third quarter were $298 million, consistent sequentially. Finally, I'd like to touch on operating expenses. As we've told you in the past, our pay is tied directly to our financial performance. As our performance has accelerated this year, we have increased our variable compensation accruals accordingly. This leads to temporarily higher operating expenses in the back half of 2024. With that, I'd like to shift gears and put our third quarter results and Q4 guidance in context of Springboard and update you on how we are tracking against the plan. This chart shows both our non-risk adjusted $5 billion sales plan and our $3 billion high confidence sales plan. So how are we doing? Let me first explain the $1.84 billion dot point you see on the chart. Our Q3 2024 sales were $3.73 billion. Our Q4 2023 sales, which is our Springboard starting point were $3.27 billion. So our sales were $460 million higher in Q3 2024 than in Q4 of 2023. And when you annualize that, you get to $1.84 billion. Therefore, we're currently tracking at a $1.84 billion incremental annual sales run rate against our $3 billion plus target. And that trend continues into quarter four. The additional sequential growth implied in our Q4 guidance increases our run rate in the fourth quarter to $1.9 billion. As we shared in September, our Springboard plan includes an operating margin target of 20% by the end of 2026. This target leads to an improving return profile with profitability growing significantly faster than sales. You can see this in our third quarter results, where EPS grew 20% year-over-year, more than twice as fast as the sales growth rate. Additionally, our operating margin was 18.3%. This represents a 200 basis point improvement from our starting point of 16.3% in Q4 2023. Stepping back, we've made great progress against our sales and operating margin targets to date. But please remember, we're only three quarters into a 12-quarter plan. Springboard is a milestone-based plan evolving through 2026. And finally, we expect to generate significant cash flow over the Springboard time frame because we already have the capacity and technical capabilities in place to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales by the end of 2026. For the year, we've reduced our capital expenditures to approximately $1.1 billion. So let me spend a minute on capital allocation. Our priorities remain the same. We prioritize investing for organic growth opportunities. We believe this creates the most value for our shareholders over the long-term. We also seek to maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet. And we're in great shape here. We have one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is about 23 years with only $1 billion in debt coming due over the next five years and we have no significant debt coming due in any given year. Finally, we expect to continue our strong track record of returning excess cash to shareholders. And because of our growing confidence in Springboard, we started to buy back shares in the second quarter and we continue to do so in the third quarter. So as I wrap up today, I'd like to reiterate that we had an outstanding third quarter. We're tracking ahead of our Springboard plan. We expect continued strong performance in Q4 with year-over-year sales growth accelerating and EPS again growing faster than sales and we expect to sustain our momentum in 2025 and beyond. We look forward to updating you as we continue to make progress. With that, I'll turn it back to Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Thank you, Ed. We're ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I show the first question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. And I guess for the first one, if I can start with the agreement that you signed with AT&T. And Wendell, you spoke about the opportunity there, but if you can just more sort of dive into the details in relation to how much of that is sort of an incremental opportunity that you're seeing relative to some of the existing business that you do with AT&T on an ongoing basis. And sort of a broader question to the fiber opportunity is, is there something that's fundamentally changed? The question we're getting a lot from investors is in terms of fiber utilization. Is there something that's fundamentally changed that is going to drive a significant cycle on the fiber side just because fiber utilization has changed over the last few years? Can you help us think about that more on a longer-term basis as well? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: And Samik, a question for you on clarification. When you say fiber utilization, you mean?
Samik Chatterjee: In the more telecom networks, but in relation to the investment in fiber over the years. Has something changed in relation to being a lot more congested on fiber or very high fiber utilization already and seeing that drive a significant cycle or are we sort of extrapolating just the amount of announcements, not really looking at the utilization, which is still probably low.
Wendell Weeks: Totally understand. Thank you, Samik. I would divide this really into two major sections. The first, let's address the AT&T announcement. That's really our carrier segment and it's part of the cyclical upward trend that we identified as part of our Springboard plan and we're viewing this to be very much in line with Springboard and an encouraging sign for us that we can expect the carrier spring to activate sometime here in the near future. We're not calling that yet because we'd like to see a couple more quarters of the actual order rate and the actual deployment rates. But it's certainly encouraging. And this is what we mean by one of the cyclical trends in our Springboard plan for Optical. So encouraging, but we're not yet calling the spring activated. To your next question, one of the things you've seen with a lot of the announcements sort of has to do with Gen AI and interconnecting Gen AI-enabled data centers. Of that, we are seeing really a different link has to get activated and therefore using your terminology of fiber utilization on those links between Gen AI data centers are relatively full. And that's what you saw with the Lumen announcement. We'll have to see how Gen AI develops and how they end up splitting the very large clusters, but that could develop into a very significant growth driver for us going forward, Samik.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you. Thank you. I'll pass it on. Thanks for taking my questions.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Matt Niknam from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matthew Niknam: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, first, on the 4Q revenue guide, if there's any additional color or context you can share in terms of unpacking expectations across the different segments. And then one follow-up on optical. Can you clarify whether there was any contribution from the Lumen deal in the third quarter, whether that is expected to kick-in, in the fourth quarter? Just trying to get a sense of that ramp-up to the run rate. Thanks.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Hey, Matt, it's Ed. Thanks for the question. So first, on Lumen. No impact in the third quarter and I would say minimal to no impact in the fourth quarter expected. We see that as a 2025, 2026 opportunity. And with respect to our guide, as we always do, we factor in a number of potential outcomes across all of our different segments. I think the one thing that's maybe a little noteworthy about the fourth quarter guide is typically, we're not seasonally up Q4 versus Q3. We're typically flat to slightly down. So we're seeing a lot of positive momentum in general, in particular, in Optical Communications. But in general, I think that's what's driving us to guide ourselves a little bit above normal seasonality.
Matthew Niknam: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Fox Advisors LLC. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning guys. Two questions from me, if I could. Real quick on the cash flows. Ed, can you put a little bit of context around the free cash flow you generated in the quarter? I think it was the best I've seen from you guys since 2018 in the third quarter. How do we put that in perspective with future free cash flows or was there any onetime things we should think about? And then from an optical standpoint, just on the cloud side of the business. Can you give us a little more perspective on the relative momentum versus Enterprise and how you think about that momentum into next year? Thanks.
Edward Schlesinger: Hey, Steve, let me do the free cash flow one first. So yes, we agree, Q3 was a great free cash flow quarter, very strong. Nice call out on the last time we were at that level. I think if you think about Springboard and the way we've positioned ourselves, we're not adding capacity. So we're not spending capital at a level where you would have seen us potentially do that in the past. And we're converting our income, which is growing into cash. So I don't know that every quarter is going to be at this level of conversion, but I do expect us to continue to generate strong free cash flow as we go forward.
Wendell Weeks: And on the cloud, Steve, as you'll recall, when we looked at the Gen AI driver, what we said is we would expect that to drive a 25% compound annual growth rate through '27 on that Enterprise portion of our optical segment. Obviously, we are growing a lot faster than that at this time and our momentum is very strong. We'll be reflecting more on that. And when we get together at the investor event in quarter one of next year, we'll update with our latest architectural thoughts and our various modeling to see how we feel about that long-term guidance.
Steven Fox: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I show our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you so much. Similar to cash flows, gross margins also were very impressive in the quarter, north of 39%. I'm wondering if you can unpack that a little bit in terms of the drivers there. How much of that was mix versus leverage given the strength in optical relative to display. You think that, that would put some mix pressure. But would be helpful to get some context around that and how we should think about that going into fourth quarter. Are we now renormalizing at a higher rate in general for gross margin? Thank you so much.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks, Wamsi. So I think what's really driving it is operating leverage consistent with how we've been sharing our view on Springboard. We have the cost and the capacity in place, technical capabilities to deliver the higher sales. So as our sales go up, we're experiencing a higher gross margin. 39% plus is a great place. I would say my only caution on thinking about it going forward is that not every quarter is necessarily going to be up, but we do think we can go higher from where we are at these levels.
Wendell Weeks: And all I would add to that, Wamsi, is this we do expect to see a return profile to continue to improve and that's how we hit our operating margin target of 20% by the end of 2026.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. Hemlock received a CHIPS Act award during the quarter here. How are you thinking of it was all in the semiconductor side I think. So how are you thinking about semiconductor versus solar in terms of the outlook for Hemlock?
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks, John. So, yes, we did receive a CHIPS grant award and we are looking at what it would take to build out additional semiconductor capacity. I think it's a great opportunity for us to do that. We will figure out sort of the timing. I don't think you should think about it as necessarily having an impact in the Springboard window of time here that we've been talking about through 2026. We've sort of factored in the cost and capacity that we need to support the sales in that window of time. But it's certainly an upside opportunity to that as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. And I show our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant from Citi. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Hi. Thank you. Two, if I may. Just on Display, you've put in some pricing actions here. Just if you could help us understand how your customers are responding to that and expectations for further price increases in calendar '25. And if I may just on OpEx. I know you talked a little bit about elevated levels here, variable compensation. How should we think about these OpEx levels to moderate in the fourth quarter? I think the assumption implies or the guide implies some moderation here. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: We remain confident that our customers will experience a double-digit price increase in the second half of this year. Our goal, as we have shared, is for us to deliver consistent profitability in Display, a 25% net income margin next year and generate net income of between $900 million and $950 million. As time goes forward, we continue to be quite confident in being able to deliver that.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. And, Asiya, on OpEx, I think the only thing that I would note other than what I shared is that when we book our accrual in the third quarter, we did have a catch-up for the first nine months of the year. So as our performance has accelerated and we've increased our accrual, we've done that in a catch-up. We don't have to book that catch-up in the fourth quarter, but I would expect our OpEx to be temporarily elevated as well in the fourth quarter.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. And I show our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe kind of expanding upon on the gross margins. In the past, you guys have talked about 40% being a bogey, but then also said that 39% just given some of the price increases is kind of a more appropriate new bogey. I know you guys have talked more in terms of operating margin targets and kind of this 20% operating margin target. But just how do you think about kind of gross margin leverage into the next year? Maybe as a first question.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. So I would say 39% is a great place. We're happy. We delivered that in the third quarter. But I think there's opportunity for us to go up from that level. I just would be cautious that it may not be up every single quarter as we go forward. And I think as Wendell pointed out, the 20% operating margin target as we exit the Springboard plan is where we have high confidence, which implies we can do better on gross margin.
Meta Marshall: Got it. And then at the event earlier this quarter, you guys had mentioned a lot of key milestones that may be coming on the Hemlock business or just how to think about incrementals on the project Springboard. I noted that you guys got the CHIPS Act funding kind of earlier this week. But just anything else or any updates that we should be thinking of in terms of timing there or kind of TBD?
Wendell Weeks: We continue to make progress on hitting the milestones we need to, to launch a new solar map for us and that will add significantly -- to a significant part of our Springboard plan especially the non-risk adjusted portion of it. We would expect to be able to provide you with a relatively detailed explanation of the various pieces. And we would expect to have the major milestones in place by the around the timing of our IR event, our investor event in the first quarter next year.
Ann Nicholson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I show our next question comes from the line of Martin Yang from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Martin Yang: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. One question on CapEx. Can you talk about some of the puts and takes and what led to the slight reduction in CapEx guidance for the year?
Edward Schlesinger: I would say we're not necessarily adding much capacity. We have some small capital projects that we're finishing up. I don't think there was anything specific to note in the guidance reduction, mostly just where we're running. So we wanted to make sure people understood that. And we continue to believe we have the capacity in place to support at least the $3 billion in sales. If that changes or we have any other plans, we'll certainly share that.
Martin Yang: Thanks, Ed.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. And I show next question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS. Please go ahead.
James Cannon: Hey, guys. This is James Cannon on for Josh. I just wanted to say congrats as you guys are still tracking well ahead of that $3 billion plan. But I just wanted to ask on kind of going along with the CapEx thing. At what point in terms of sales growth would you need to start ramping CapEx back up like if you guys continue on this trajectory, should we be assuming that you'll have to start ramping up sooner than kind of 2026?
Wendell Weeks: So to deliver the Springboard plan, we don't anticipate a significant sort of increase in our capital investments. If, of course, the $8 billion begins to look more and more probable, that could generate some more investment on our part in terms of capacity. What you see in our capital today is much more aimed at continued productivity improvement as well as reconfiguring some of our factories to produce some of our new Gen AI product set. So it's cost a lot less for us to tailor our equipment and to upgrade than it does to put in place significant new plant and equipment. So unless we start really moving towards that $8 billion non-risk adjusted revenue run rate, but I would say we have an appropriate amount of property, plant and equipment in place and that our capital plans will continue to be relatively modest.
James Cannon: Got it. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Notter from Jefferies LLC. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I guess I just wanted to ask about the display price increases. I think as you guys were hedging the business at 107 on the yen, those hedges were in place through the end of this year. Yet you're able to institute price increases here in Q3. I thought that was quite impressive. Could you give us a sense for how that conversation went with customers, what kind of leverage you have in the relationship? Anything you can tell us about your ability to institute price increases even ahead of the hedges running off? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Our price increase is aimed at maintaining a stable US dollar net income. And that's exactly what we're doing, and that's what you see with the -- our customers experiencing a double-digit price increase in the back half of this year. And what that is meant to do is that price increase will offset the weaker yen in our hedges for 2025 and 2026 delivering after that move a stable display net income percent of around 25% and the $900 million to $950 million expectation we have for the net income. Remember, all we're doing here so is more appropriately sharing the benefits that our customers get from buying at that yen rate. So of course any time you increase prices with customers, it is always challenging. But we've been able to do it successfully and that's what you see in our guide.
George Notter: Got it. And then any sense for where the new hedge rate will wind up as we roll into next year? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. But we will plan to share that as we turn the year. We just want to make sure everything is in place and all of our commercial agreements before we are too forthcoming on where our hedges are at.
George Notter: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And I share our last question in the queue, comes from the line of Tim Long from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. Two-parter, if I could, on optical. First, it looks like obviously a good recovery going on here. On the carrier side, still meaningfully below the levels we saw a few years ago. Could you talk about that piece with these new agreements, do you think, gets you back to those 2021-2022 levels for the carrier piece over the next year or two? And then secondly, can you just talk a little bit about the op margin despite being a little overall base than what we saw in those peak years. Margins are pretty comparable. So is this all mix and does that mean if we move higher from here, that we could see above historic margins for that optical business going forward as the business scales further from here? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. Tim, let me start with carrier. I think it's too early. First, your observation is correct. We are seeing carriers still at a relative cyclical level as we have talked about before. I think it's still a little too early for us to be able to confidently call the turn. But you are quite right in observing that all of these customer announcements show carriers leaning into, we have to increase deployments, and they're establishing with their lead technology partner, who is us, the necessary capacity reservations to facilitate those builds. So you're right. It's very encouraging. But we just don't have enough evidence yet, Tim, to reach a conclusion on that spring is activated. And we'll keep you posted as we go forward.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. And Tim on your margin question I just want to clarify. You're specifically talking about optical?
Tim Long: Yes, just in the optical business, correct.
Edward Schlesinger: So I think the thing to think about is it ties a little bit with what you asked in terms of your first question, right? So our sales are starting to get back close to the peak level, but we haven't yet filled all of our capacity, right? We have capacity in place to support a higher level. So I actually think we can improve our margins in optical as we fill that capacity and grow from here, which we expect to do. So I do think our margins accrete up in optical.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tim. Thank you, Dilem, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we are going to attend the UBS Global Technology Conference on December 3rd and we'll be scheduling management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a web replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again thank you all for joining us. Dilem, that concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Two 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning's second quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the second quarter, the difference between GAAP and core EPS, primarily reflected constant currency adjustments, translated earnings contract gains and translation gains on Japanese yen-denominated debt as well as restructuring and primarily non-cash asset write-off charges. As a reminder, GAAP mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. We are also available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced strong second quarter 2024 results. We returned to year-over-year growth, and we exceeded the sales and EPS guidance we shared going into the quarter in April. The outperformance was driven primarily by the strong adoption of our new optical connectivity products for generative AI. So why don't we start today with a quick explanation of why this application provides a great growth opportunity for our shareholders. Our traditional data centers contain a network of interconnected switches and CPUs. GenAI requires a second network within data centers to connect every GPU to every other GPU in the cluster, creating a neural network. Now because GPUs have more processing capacity than CPUs, they need higher bandwidth links connecting them. The result is about 10 times the number of fiber connections in this new network versus a traditional data center. Now this not only provides volume, which is great, but also the opportunity to innovate with the major players in this space. So, over the past four years, we've helped key customers design the optical links needed for this second network in their next-generation AI data centers. We invented new to the world, fibers, cables, connectors and custom integrated solutions. These new products dramatically reduce installation time and on-site labor, save space and lower embodied carbon. All while reducing installed cost and increasing the overall reliability of the network. As I noted, strong adoption of these Gen AI products primarily drove our outperformance in the second quarter. In fact, it drove record sales in the enterprise portion of our optical business. which grew more than 40% year-over-year. I've been talking about the Gen AI opportunity inside the data center. Gen AI also increases bandwidth requirements between data centers. We've reached an agreement with Lumen Technologies that reserves 10% of our global fiber capacity for each of the next two years to facilitate Lumen's build of a new network to interconnect AI-enabled data centers This will be the first outside plant deployment of Corning's new Gen AI fiber and cable system that will enable Lumen to fit anywhere from two to four times the amount of fiber into their existing conduit. Now, Gen AI is just one of the many growth opportunities we've included in the plan we call Springboard, which adds more than $3 billion in annualized sales with strong incremental profit and cash flow within the next three years. We've been sharing some of the key points on Springboard for the last few quarters. But today, I want to outline our plan in a more comprehensive way. We've built a tremendous opportunity for our shareholders, and we want to help you understand how we think about Springboard. Let's start with the core components. First, we previously shared with you that the first quarter would be the low quarter for the year and as our results show, we began our march up. Sales grew 11% sequentially to $3.6 billion in the second quarter, and we returned to year-over-year growth. And the third quarter guidance we provided in our release this morning shows that we expect to continue growing in the third quarter with sales of approximately $3.7 billion. Second, we expect to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales within the next three years as cyclical factors and secular trends converge and drive demand for our capabilities. Our market positions are strong, and we're seeing encouraging signs of markets improve. And we continue to innovate new product sets tied to secular trends to drive growth above market levels. Third, as we capture this growth, we expect to deliver powerful incremental profit and cash flow. We have the required capacity and technical capabilities in place to service that $3 billion in the three-year window, and the cost and capital are already reflected in our financials. Our second quarter results and third quarter guidance serve as a strong proof point of our powerful incrementals. We grew EPS 24% sequentially, more than double our sales growth rate. And as you can see in our guidance, we expect EPS to grow about three times faster than sales in the third quarter. Gross margin improved sequentially and year-over-year by 110 and 170 basis points, respectively. Operating margin expanded 190 basis points versus quarter one. We also generated strong free cash flow and with the success of Springboard, we expect to be able to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders. In fact, due our growing confidence in the plan, we began buying back shares in the second quarter and will do so in the third quarter. So I'd just walk through the core components of Springboard. Now I want to provide more context on our sales opportunity because this is an extraordinary time for the company. I've had a chance to talk with many of you recently, and you've probably heard me say, material science is really slow until it gets wicked fast. You hit these moments of inflection. For example, I just noted, our new product suite for GenAI. To do all that, we had a dedicated team that I've been part of for the last four years, capitalizing on our deep insight and customer relationships to develop these products long before they become a seemingly overnight success. Some strategies take even longer to come to fruition. Meaningful innovation takes time. And then you hit these critical milestones and everything starts happening in quick succession. We are one of these moments. Over the next several quarters, we expect to share a number of customer announcements. You'll see more commercialized innovations and a steady march up in our quarterly performance. So I want to give you a structure to help you put those coming milestones into the context of our total Springboard plan as they happen. I'm going to use this chart to explain our incremental sales opportunity. We introduced Springboard in quarter three last year using our quarter four projected sales of $3.25 billion as the starting point, which put us at a $13 billion annualized run rate. The Y-axis represents incremental sales above our quarter four 2023 run rate. And the X-axis simply represents time for the following five years. Now let's fill in some numbers. Here is our internal non-risk adjusted plan. Now there is a lot to take away from this slide. The first is we have a significant sales opportunity. We're looking at potential growth of $8 billion in annualized sales run rate by the end of 2028, with $5 billion by the end of 2026. We expect growth across all our market access platforms, driven by a combination of upward cyclical and secular trends, and we'll provide insight behind the springs or drivers of that growth. Now this is our internal plan. When we say it's not risk adjusted, what mean is that the projections are based on a number of assumptions, including markets recovering back to historical trend lines with continued growth thereafter, successful adoption of new innovations across a number of markets and platforms and successful execution of all our operational milestones for productivity and for price. That said, we've taken this opportunity and translated it into a high confidence plan to help inform investors. To do that first, we focused on the next three years. Second, we probabilistically adjusted for different potential outcomes in each of our market access platforms, including market dynamics, timing of secular trends, successful adoption of our innovations as well as volume, pricing and market share across all our businesses and the potential that some of our markets may go through down cycles. And this is how we come to the high confidence Springboard plan for our shareholders to help inform their investment decisions. It's also important to note that we purposely drew this as a wedge. We weren't trying to guide every quarter for the next 12 quarters. It obviously, won't be a straight line. But we are also not dealing with a hockey stick, when we built the plan we expected to see strong growth this year. So how are we doing so far? We are off to a terrific time. Let me explain the $1.3 billion dot point you see on the chart here. Our quarter two 2024 sales were $3.6 billion. Our quarter four 2023 sales were $3.27 billion, the difference is $330 million. And when you annualize that, you get to $1.3 billion. And that trend continues into quarter three. The additional sequential growth increases our run rate in the third quarter by $1.7 billion. As you can see, we are running well ahead of our Springboard plan run rate. That being said, please remember, we're only two quarters into a 12-quarter plan. Springboard is a milestone-based plan evolving over the next three years. We have plenty of opportunity ahead of us, a lot of springs yet to activate. We'll update you as we hit significant milestones. Clearly, we're off to a very strong start, well above the run rates we need to deliver. So as I wrap up this morning, I think you can see why we're energized about Springboard. And we're pleased with our early progress, including, of course, the encouraging response to our Gen AI Products. We expect to have a lot more news over the next few months as milestones start to hit and we're scheduling around those. We're planning another investor event in September as well as a full Investor Day in early 2025. Also, it is important to note that as we proceed forward with Springboard, we'll continue to seek the guidance of our Board of Directors. To that end, we will be refreshing our Board composition to more closely align the skill set profiles of the Board with our Springboard plan. Now, let me turn it over to Ed for some more detail and perspective on the quarter and on Springboard.
Ed Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. We're off to a great start. We believe our second quarter results are a strong proof point of both the sales and the incremental profit and cash flow opportunity in our Springboard plan. So before I dive into the results, I'd like to share some of the major growth drivers we see across our market access platforms. Wendell shared with you our internal non-risk-adjusted plan, which is $8 billion in incremental sales by the end of 2028 and $5 billion by the end of 2026. I'm going to share some of the cyclical and secular drivers of this growth, while focusing in on the three-year window. Let's start with Optical Communications. The Gen AI opportunity, Wendell spoke about, adds a significant amount of growth. We expect our enterprise business to grow at a 25% compound annual growth rate from 2023 to 2027, driven by the adoption of our connectivity solutions for generative AI. And this is already underway. We delivered record sales in enterprise in the second quarter, which grew more than 40% year-over-year. In our carrier business, customers are reaching the end of their inventory drawdowns and beginning to order closer to their current deployment levels. Additionally, government efforts bring high-speed Internet to rural communities through the broadband equity access and deployment program will contribute to growth beginning in 2025 and add significant sales over the next several years. In display, we're not counting on TV unit growth. Instead, we expect to capitalize on the trend of larger screens with about an inch of screen size growth per year to add low to mid-single-digit volume growth. Additionally, as we've previously explained, we're currently undertaking currency-based price adjustments to maintain appropriate returns in our display business. In automotive, we have a triple-digit automotive glass business today, and we expect sales in that business to almost triple by 2026. Recently announced US EPA regulations will require the adoption of GPFs in US, starting with model year 2027. This adoption offers hundreds of millions of dollars of growth for us in the US alone. Even in the face of BEV adoption, we expect sales to start in 2026. And finally, we expect to build an entirely new map, as we leverage the Inflation Reduction Act to support the build-out of a US solar supply chain. These are just some of the growth drivers in our $5 billion opportunity. As Wendell shared, we probabilistically adjusted this opportunity to the $3 billion high confidence Springboard plan we've been sharing with you since the third quarter of 2023. We expect to have strong incremental profit and cash flow as we capture the growth, and we're starting from a strong operating base. Our productivity ratios are at best demonstrated levels and we've raised price to more appropriately share inflation with our customers. Our improvement in gross margin is a great proof point. In the second quarter of 2024, gross margin was 37.9%, up 430 basis points from 33.6% in the fourth quarter of 2022 on the same level of sales. With that, let me share some highlights from our second quarter results. Sales grew 11% sequentially reaching $3.6 billion in the quarter, returning us to year-over-year growth. The outperformance versus our April guidance of $3.4 billion was primarily driven by the strong adoption of our new optical connectivity products for Gen AI. EPS grew 24% sequentially, more than twice as fast as sales, coming in at $0.47, also above our April guidance range. Gross margin improved sequentially and year-over-year by 110 and 170 basis points, respectively. Operating margin expanded 190 basis points versus the first quarter, and we generated strong free cash flow of $353 million. Next, let me turn to our segment results. In Optical Communications, sales for the second quarter were $1.1 billion, up 20% sequentially, reflecting a return to growth for the segment. Year-over-year, sales increased 4%. Enterprise network sales were up 42% driven by AI-related connectivity solutions. Carrier sales were actually down 10%, as customers continue to draw down their inventory. Encouragingly though, carrier network sales grew sequentially as customers began to order closer to their current deployment levels. We delivered strong incremental profit in Optical, with net income for the quarter at $143 million, up 43% sequentially on the 20% sales growth. Moving to display technologies. Second quarter sales were $1 billion, up 16% sequentially as panel makers ran at higher utilization rates in the second quarter to support mid-year promotions. Glass price was consistent with the first quarter. Net income was $258 million, up 28% sequentially. Year-over-year, sales were up 9% and net income was up 24%, driven by higher volume and price. Now let me spend a minute on our approach to display price going forward. As we've said before, we plan to make currency-based price adjustments to maintain appropriate returns in our display business. We're in the midst of doing just that and we will update you on our progress at an appropriate time. With respect to the yen, we have hedges in place for 2025 and beyond. They're not at the 2024 core rate of 107, but they're much better than the current spot rate. We expect the combination of our currency-based price adjustments and our hedges to deliver an appropriate level of profitability for the display business. For your modeling purposes, you can think about appropriate profitability as being the average of the last five years of net income margin from our segment reports. Turning to Specialty Materials. Sales in the second quarter were $501 million, up 18% year-over-year, driven by continued strong demand for premium glasses for mobile devices and semiconductor-related products. Net income was $63 million, up 91% year-over-year, reflecting volume and manufacturing. In Environmental Technologies, second quarter sales were $431 million, down 6% year-over-year, reflecting the impact of the Class 8 truck down cycle in North America as anticipated. Net income was $97 million, down 9% year-over-year on decreased volume. We expect the heavy-duty market weakness to continue in the second half of this year and sales and environmental to be down sequentially in the third quarter. In Life Sciences, sales in the second quarter were $249 million, up 8% year-over-year. Net income was $17 million, up 55% year-over-year. Turning to Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses. Sales in the quarter were $296 million, down 21% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower pricing for solar-grade polysilicon. Now let me turn to our outlook. For the third quarter, we expect sales to grow to approximately $3.7 billion, driven primarily by our optical communications business including the continued adoption of our new optical connectivity solutions for Gen AI products, which we expect will more than offset the expected slowdown in the US Class 8 truck market. We expect EPS in the range of $0.50 to $0.54, with EPS growing three times the rate of sales. As we previously shared, our sales are running well ahead of Springboard plan. And our incrementals are strong, in fact, if you compare our projected Q3 sales and EPS guide to Q4 2023, which is our Springboard base, sales are up approximately 13% and EPS is up approximately 33%. Additionally, in Q3, we anticipate another quarter of strong free cash flow. As it relates to cash, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We prioritize investing for organic growth opportunities, we believe this creates the most value for our shareholders over the long term. As we've shared today, in the mid-term, we have the technical capabilities and capacity in place to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales with minimal cash investment. And you can see that reflected in our CapEx expectations for 2024 of $1.2 billion. We also seek to maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet. We're in great shape. We have one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is about 23 years with about only $1 billion in debt coming due over the next five years and we have no significant debt coming due in any given year. And finally, we expect to continue our strong track record of returning excess cash to shareholders. Since 2013, we bought back half of our outstanding shares for almost 800 million shares. This generated about $15 billion of value for our shareholders. Because of our growing confidence in Springboard, we started to buy back shares in the second quarter, and we expect to continue share buybacks in the third quarter. In summary, we're off to a great start on our Springboard plan. We're well on track to deliver on our $3 billion plus sales opportunity. Our second quarter results and our third quarter guidance our strong proof points of the incremental profit and cash flow we expect to deliver as we capture the sales growth. I look forward to sharing more in the coming months as we make progress on our Springboard plan and continue create value for shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Okay. We're ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Asiya Merchant from Citi. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the strong results. On the optical side, if I may, especially on the Gen AI, if you could maybe double-click a little bit on this -- the customers who are demanding the Gen AI products that you've talked about and the visibility that you have over the next couple of quarters and even as you look into your Springboard plan, over the next 12 quarters, what kind of visibility do you have in sustaining this momentum that you have outlined? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Our visibility for strong growth is relatively high. And that is because what we do is we take the wiring diagram for some of these brand-new data centers that are getting put in place and we're building that that customized system they'll use to connect. So we've been working on most of these products versus the core components for the last few years directly with those customers from what they'll need then we start to actually put it all together to be drop ship at exactly the right day for them. So in a way, we're already beginning to build some of their network needs well ahead of when they will install them. So we have pretty good visibility on that. So far, what's driving the out performance is that the word of mouth on our product has been very positive. And other folks who we haven't been consistently working with over this time period have come to us to help them solve some of the challenges. And so as a result, we're picking up new customers for us into this new ecosystem that is building around putting together these back in network. So far, what we're seeing is most of our variance has been upside variance if that helps you at all.
Asiya Merchant: Yes, that's great. And so it's the competitive moat that maybe Corning has an optical on the enterprise side, much greater in your, as you think about the opportunity ahead versus let's say, a couple of quarters ago or even with your prior solution? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So the competitive moats that we're trying to build here is driven around us doing a new-to-the-world fiber cable and connectivity system. And we're really the only person in the world who can put that all together. And strength of that moat will reflect directly on these new super high-density systems that we're putting in place, where you should think about it almost like Moore's Law, where we’re doubling the amount of light guides within the same volume area, geometric volume area. And while increasing the performance of the componentry. There's very few people who can do this and the way we're doing it to increase the optical performance is protected intellectual properties. So we believe our competitive advantages will increase in this segment.
Asiya Merchant: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Wendell, in the slide deck, you mentioned the $8 billion Springboard opportunity by 2026. Roughly half of that is from optical. I'm just wondering if you can give us a bit more color on how to sort of split that opportunity between carrier and enterprise and then maybe if you can talk about the magnitude of what this Lumen agreement means in terms of revenue, how to think about the opportunity specifically to Lumen in terms of revenue over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Well, to your first question, it is both in carrier and enterprise. But the majority is coming out of the enterprise piece as you see the fundamental change in compute-driven by Gen AI and its related networking requirements. And we can come back to that if you want. Lumen, let's just start with sizing, when we say 10% of our global fiber capacity, I think the way you can think about it, it's -- you won't be far off as you size it. If you just take your sort of expected view of what our total revenue will be in Opto and you take 10% of it, and that's going to get you in the zone Samik, right? What makes the Lumen transaction so exciting for us is that we've always had a significant business connecting data centers to each other in the network at large. Because that's how data gets in and out of the cloud, right? The technical question has been with the advent of a new GPU-based back-end network for Gen AI within data centers will there be a dramatic increase in the need for fiber to connect these Gen AI-enabled data centers to each other and the network. The answer is going to depend on where is the power located and how that interacts with the architecture of the large language model and how and where both inference and training are accomplished. It's exciting about the Lumen deal is that it is certainly a strong proof point in favor of a bull case for that segment of the network. Does that make sense to you, Samik, if I've been responsive your question.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. And I guess if I just sneak one more part, what do you think about the scope of similar agreements with other carriers as well in terms of just the -- solidifying the springboard opportunity with them? Thank you. And I'll drop, pass it on.
Wendell Weeks: I don't want to speculate at this time, right? What is great about what Lumen has done is they're going to be the first customer to apply our new tech sort of double the amount of fiber they can place in their existing conduit. And that is super exciting. I would believe that, that is so exciting that it will generate lots of interest.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Hey, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors LLC. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just one more question on optical for me also. Can you just -- Wendell, you guys mentioned the 25% CAGR for the enterprise business over the next few years. There's a lot of concern, I think, that while there's optimism for this type of growth rate that it could be more diversity in nature, have some puts and takes as you go through the quarters. How do we get comfortable with the idea that you have enough customer diversity, project diversity that this is sort of a steady type of growth prospect for Gen AI over the next few years? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: It's a great question, Steve. And the way that we have addressed that since this is far from our first rodeo, right, is if you think about it, when we put together that $5 billion springboard plan, right, that is us believing what it is we truly think will happen. Then when we start to probabilistically adjust drop that 5 down to that 3 were after things exactly like you're talking about, where you can get whenever you're chasing a new tech, you can get these pieces where you'll have a bunch of project builds, and then it will slow while as that gets consumed. And then again -- and that's how we sought to address that as you start to think through your modeling. Does that make sense to you, Steve?
Steven Fox: Yeah, it does. Maybe just to push that a little bit further, like do you see that happening over the next few quarters? Or are we so early stages that there's a consistent route to the growth around GenAI? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. For the next few quarters, like you just saw us do is Edwin, I think he was together with a number of you guided for enterprise to grow at a 25% rate. And then the first quarter, we show up post providing that guidance, we grew at 40. Right now, in the near-term, our visibility is pretty high, and we feel really comfortable about the 25% guidance that Ed has given you.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Martin Yang from OpCo. Your line is open.
Martin Yang: Hi. Tanks for taking the question. Just a quick confirmation on the 3Q guidance. Is it right to assume there's no price increase assumed or display in 3Q?
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, Martin, so thanks for that question. In general, as we always do with our guidance, we have a number of potential outcomes that drive where we guide you to. And we provided a range on EPS and approximately $3.7 billion in our mind also has a range encapsulated around that well. So we're not specifically guiding anything in display price at this time, because we're in the midst of speaking with our customers about a currency based price adjustment, but that doesn't mean there won't be an impact in Q3.
Martin Yang: Got it. Thank you, Ed.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Ruplu Bhattacharya [Bank of America Securities]. Your line is open.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm filling in for Wamsi today. Ed, you saw strong growth both sequentially and year-on-year in gross margins this quarter. How should we think about gross margin trend over the next few quarters? And what are the drivers for margin growth? And I have a follow-up.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Thanks. Great question. I think in general, the drivers for us on gross margin are we have the capacity and the technical capabilities in place to support a higher level of sales. So in general, we're not having to add fixed costs as our sales go up. So that is really what's going to drive both gross margin and operating margin for us as we go forward. And I do think there is room for our gross margin to continue go up as sales go up, I think our guide implies that for Q3.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thanks for that. And if I can ask a follow-up on the display segment, what is your expectation for panel maker utilization rates in calendar 3Q and as you're implementing these currency based price adjustments, do you see any impact of that on your glass market share? And Ed, when should we expect the reset of the core yen rate? Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. So, I'll take those, sort of, one at a time. So, I think on utilization, when we spoke about Q2, we expected it to increase significantly from Q1. It did that. It actually was even better than our expectations. They ran a little hot. I think as we think about Q3, they're likely to run at that level or a little lower to sort of average out for the year. We think they're running more or less in line to meet expected retail demand. And with respect to the core rate, right now, we have hedges in place for 2025 and beyond. We're in the middle of a currency-based price adjustment with our customers. We're going to come back when all that's complete and we'll share our thoughts on how all that will work. But I think the most important thing is that when you think about our profitability going forward, our goal is to get the combination of the price adjustments and our hedges to get a net income margin or net income percent of sales that averages out at about the last five years. And Ruplu, I apologize if you had -- did I miss any of your components of your question?
Wendell Weeks: I think just share and our intention would be to hold our share as a result of our overall approach to this industry and our currency-based upward price adjustment.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thank you for all the details. Appreciate it.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna International Group. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. This is for the team. And I want to go back to Optical and trying to better understand the profitability of this business. I understand the secular growth and AI and everything that it brings. But when I think about profitability, net income margin is more than -- and less than half of what it is for Display. So, how should I think about the revenue growth that will be sufficient to meet dollars of net income comparable to Display, assuming that the Display is just going go sideways from here? Hopefully, that's clear.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks Mehdi. So, I think stepping back, if you think about our sales growing 11% and EPS growing 21% in the second quarter and then our guide implying a sales growth rate in the low single-digits and EPS growing 3 times faster than that, I think we can continue to have EPS growth outpacing sales regardless of where that growth comes from, primarily because we have the cost, the technical capabilities, the capacity in place to support the growth. I also think that the margins are quite attractive in the Optical business and especially in the data center space and AI data center space, where we expect to see growth.
Mehdi Hosseini: Let me be kind of more concise and clear. Would you be able to significantly outperform Optical margin net income in the past, it has averaged by 13%. So looking forward, could it significantly be above 13%.
Ed Schlesinger: I think it can be above 13%.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Spector from UBS. Your line is open.
James Cannon: Hey, guys. This is James Cannon on for Josh. Congrats on the strong quarter of enterprise sales. I was just wondering if you could frame you called out a 10% decline in on the carrier side of that business? If you could just frame how that compares to what you did last quarter and maybe kind of what you're seeing in terms of the trajectory for the third quarter?
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. So our carrier business is increasing sequentially. I think that's the good news. So although we're still down year-over-year because last year, you still had carriers sort of building inventory and now they're still in the process of drawing down their inventory, that's really causing that year-over-year decline. But the good news is order rates are going up, sales were up sequentially, and I think we would expect that trend to continue.
Wendell Weeks: What we're seeing is that our carrier order rates are now starting to approach what we see as their deployment rates. And so that's also encouraging. So we have sort of that upward spring still in front of us when you begin to think of your year-over-year growth rates James.
James Cannon: Okay. Got it. And then just as a follow-up, kind of another way to ask the last question, I think. But as enterprise becomes a bigger piece of the optical portfolio. Can you just frame how the -- how those two pieces of the business compare margin-wise?
Wendell Weeks: Enterprise.
James Cannon: Versus carrier.
Wendell Weeks: Yeah. Enterprise tends to be higher margin than carrier, primarily because it uses more of those customized connectivity systems. And so that is, as you move up the stack, in the degree of sophistication that we offer to our customers as that helps them reduce their installation cost, we end up sharing a portion of that value we create with those total passive optical systems that we do those. We'll have a higher degree of adoption in enterprise as a share of revenue than they do in carrier as a share of the total revenue.
James Cannon: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. I appreciate commentary on Carrier that you guys are getting towards a better inventory position or that orders are getting more aligned with deployments. But just any latest update in terms of -- of when you expect carriers to kind be through their inventory or orders to be aligning with deployments? And then maybe a second question, just in terms of the price increases on the display side or those negotiations? Is that something you expect to kind of have completed by Q3? And just as we think about that going forward, as you're going through those negotiations, is there any hope of kind of moving that to more USD-based pricing? Or just, do you expect that to be more dynamic with currency going forward? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: So as we complete those currency-based pricing negotiations, we will update you. One of the reasons you see us scheduling an investor session in September, would be to update you on our progress on those dialogues with our customers in this point. So I think you should be expecting us to provide you an update at that date. As for moving to US dollar base, we're engaged with our customers as part of this whole dialogue. That exact question as we seek to find the right way, to share appropriately the relative value of the currency moves relative. Of course, the debate is our customers would lag an exchange rate closer to our current spot rate, and we would like one closer to the past 30-year average. And this is what God created negotiations for and we're in the midst of working our way through all that. And we look forward to having a more detailed discussion with you when we get together in September.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Meta, on carrier, I think it's customer-by-customer the inventory situations are different. We're not quite there yet on people being completely at their -- buying at their deployment rates. I think we'll make progress on that as we go into the third quarter. We'll keep you updated, but I don't know that will necessarily be through all of it.
Wendell Weeks: In total, I think, as you think about both questions together, carriers since it's so as Ed points out, it depends on particular carrier strategies. We should wait for them to talk more fully about it. But we'll update on where we are versus deployment rate. And we do expect that to close to continue to close relatively quickly. And for display, what our aim is, is that is to make this just be really simple for investors, and we're just going to end up delivering the profitability that you're used to out of display. Sort of no matter where the currency is coming out because we're going to price appropriately to reward our shareholders for the investment and risk that they have put in place to develop this terrific business.
Meta Marshall: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. I was hoping I could get a two-parter on optical. First part, for this current Gen AI business you're talking about. Just curious, I think a lot of the hyperscalers have -- there's some different types of architectures they're using AOC, EOC, so some electrical, some optical. What you're selling now in this portfolio, is that across any single hyperscaler deployment? Or would it fit better into certain architectures? And then number two, if you could just touch on the other more traditional enterprise like entrancing type market? When do you expect that to develop? And what type of uptick in optical component or fiber content would you expect to see when we get that more traditional enterprise deployments? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: To take your questions in order. To the first part, the revenue that you see us reporting today is basically the fiber optic connections between the switches. Okay. Doesn't work exactly like this, but the way people talk about sort of top of the rack switches that then connect to other switch layers, which enable us to connect every GPU to every other GPU. There is work as you are reflecting on what will happen then within the server racks whether those will end up becoming optical connections as well. Historically, they have been copper. And then once the bit rate distance rises above sort of 100 gigabit per meter second, you end up going to optical. So as distance climbs, fickle tends to become the technology that is dominant use of the tech. That same dynamic because of density and complexity is now starting to work its way. We're beginning that long-term material science is slower work, right, on what happens within the server rack. And that tends to get at the architecture as you're speaking about more fully. To the part two of your question is what happens with influence, there's a bunch of different opinions on how inference architectures will work. It tends to be largely driven by what that particular players market position is and different arguments around data gravity, right? So I would say it's too early for us to have a point of view on which architectures will become the predominant ones, for inference, Tim. As our understanding evolves and we developed a more converged view of how that evolves, we'll be happy to share with you. Does that address your questions, Tim?
Tim Long: Yes. That's great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Great. I think we can take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from George Notter from Jefferies LLC. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot for squeezing me in. I guess I wanted to just go back to the question of your competitive differentiation in the optical business. I guess for starters, I'm just curious about how much of this Gen AI solution is customized from Corning. Curious about how many customers you're doing customization work for? And then also, I know there are other suppliers making smaller diameter fiber cables. I know there's a bunch of work folks are doing on connectors, higher-density racks. I guess I'm just hoping to drill down into what's precisely unique to Corning versus some of those other guys. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Great. So as you know, George, what we do is we participate in all the levels of that value stream. And we will take our new to the world fiber and provide it to other cables. We'll also design proprietary cables that incorporate our fiber to compete at that level and then we, of course, do our connectors to US connect, we will provide those to other players and take our competitive advantages at the component level. But at the same time, we'll then put them together in unique ways at the total system level. So we deliberately provide to other players because that is best for our overall customers are different componentry for them to put together in their own novel waves. Now what makes our fiber so unique is when most people just shrink the diameter of the fiber, actually the optical performance decreases. The spot size gets smaller, the bend resistance drops. The attenuation can get a little bit less. What makes our inventions so cool is that we ended up reducing the diameter of the fiber, while improving versus standard fiber, all of the optical performance, because we redesigned the actual profile and the way we make the fiber in a proprietary way, and we managed to deliver all of this without any significant increase in our cost when competitors try to do something at the fiber level, they end up having to increase their cost to meet that that performance. So is the core of our advantage of fiber. And then we just start multiplying it with our expertise at each level. As far as what share of our revenue going forward will be more customized versus at the componentry level. Our desire would be to have of the majority of our revenues be driven by delivery of those customized solutions and the value that we add there on reduced installation time. At the same time, we're in the business of delighting our customers. And if what they would like us to do is to provide some of the component building blocks at the appropriate price, of course, to our competitors, we will be happy to do that.
George Notter: Great. Thank you very much.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, George, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we're going to attend two conferences in the third quarter; JPMorgan Hardware and Semi Management Access Forum on August 14th and Citi's 2024, Global TMT Conference on September 5th. We also plan to host a visit to our facilities in September. Finally, we'll be scheduling management visits to investor offices in select pay. There will be replay of today's call on our website starting later this morning. So once again, thanks for joining us. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 1 2024 Earnings Call.  
 [Operator Instructions]  
 It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Corning's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  
 These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the first quarter, the difference between GAAP and core EPS primarily reflected constant currency adjustments, translated earnings contract gains and translation gains on Japanese yen-denominated debt. As a reminder, the mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com.  
 You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along, and they're also available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell. 
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. Today, we announced first quarter 2024 results. Sales were nearly $3.3 billion and EPS was $0.38. Year-over-year, gross margin grew 160 basis points to 36.8%, and free cash flow improved by $300 million. These results were at the high end of our guidance. More importantly, but we're seeing encouraging signs of improving market conditions. We continue to expect that the first quarter will be the low quarter for the year.  
 We are executing our plans to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales within the next 3 years. And we already have the required capacity and capabilities in place. As a result, we're poised to deliver powerful incremental profit and cash flow and generate substantial shareholder value. Last quarter, we outlined a framework under which we expect to drive stronger returns on our existing innovation and capacity investments and we shared our expectation that these returns will begin in 2024.  
 The framework has 3 primary components: First, we believe that the first quarter will be the lowest quarter for the year. We will improve from here. Second, we expect to grow by more than $3 billion in annualized sales in the midterm, which we define as within the next 3 years. The outlook in each of our markets remains positive, and our market positions are quite strong. Third, as we capture this growth, we expect to deliver powerful incrementals. We already have the required production capacity and technical capabilities in place, and the cost and the capital are already reflected in our financials. This is a tremendous opportunity for our shareholders.  
 In the 3 months since our last call, our confidence in these 3 components has only increased. We expect our sales to grow from here and we have reflected this in our second quarter guidance. Today, I'd like to review each component of the framework and share some of the reasons why our confidence has grown. Let me begin with the first component. Our expectation that quarter 1 will be the lowest quarter of 2024. Near term, we expect optical and display to be the biggest drivers of our improvement. 
 In Optical Communications, carrier inventory drawdowns have been the primary source of our below-trend sales. Once carrier inventory starts returning to more normal levels and our customers resume purchasing to support their deployment rates, we would expect to see our order book grow. And that's exactly what is happening.  
 Our order book grew nicely from fourth quarter levels. This and our regular conversations with large carrier customers indicate that the gap between our sales and customer deployments is moderating. As a result, we expect carrier sales to increase from first quarter levels. Additionally, in the enterprise portion of our optical business, we expected our recent wins for AI data centers will translate into orders and sales during the year. In display, panel makers increased their utilization rates late in the first quarter, and we expect the higher utilization to continue into the second quarter, driven by expected growth in retail demand resulting from midyear promotions.  
 For the full year 2024, our expectations for the retail glass market remain unchanged from our January view and consistent with industry expectations. We anticipate relatively flat television unit volume, another year of television screen size growth, and some recovery in PC demand. This leads to mid-single-digit percent growth in glass volume at retail versus 2023. As a result, we expect our financial performance in display to improve significantly from our first quarter run rate. Ed will share more details on that in just a few moments.  
 Now let's move to the second component of our framework. Our expectation that we will add more than $3 billion in annualized sales within the next 3 years. Our positive outlook for each of our market opportunities, results from our leadership positions and the power of the secular trends that we're addressing through innovation and close collaboration with customers. There's a lot more Corning to be had in our markets.  
 In Optical Communications, fiber is the ascendant technology, and we're the clear market leader. As I've covered in the last 2 calls, fiber shipments are more than 30% below trend. We fully expect that gap to close, adding more than 40% to our overall optical communication sales. In conversations with our large carrier customers during the quarter, they reinforced their commitment to increasing fiber deployments in 2024 and beyond. Additionally, we expect BEAD-related projects for network builds in underserved areas to add to our addressable market for the next several years. The industry expects funding approvals to begin late this year, leading to spending in 2025.  
 Next, generative AI is an especially attractive opportunity for us, it creates significant demand for passive optical connectivity solutions and strengthens our value proposition and our competitive advantages. All data centers consist of a front-end network, connecting racks of CPUs. To meet the computational demands of AI, customers are building a new fiber-rich second network to connect GPUs, which increases our market opportunity.  
 Now we'll see this in our financials as customers begin to build large GPU clusters and adopt our latest high-density innovations. Customers want fast deployment. Our preconnectorized structured cabling solutions offer big installation time advantages. And the GPU clusters, which pack a very large amount of computing power per rack require smaller, tensor cables, making connector size and cable diameter, important requirements. To meet these high-density requirements, we've introduced new-to-the-world fiber cable and connectivity products.  
 At OFC a few weeks ago, we introduced RocketRibbon cable with Flow Ribbon technology that can reduce cable diameter by 60% with fibers per cable approaching 7,000. A key part of delivering this innovation is our Contour optical fiber, which has a 40% smaller cross-sectional area than legacy fibers. Now our ability to integrate innovations across fiber, cable and connectors, to create end-to-end solutions is a unique competitive advantage, and we're accumulating significant customer wins for upcoming AI data center builds. In our recent customer wins, our revenue is low single-digit hundreds of dollars per GPU. 
 We believe the customer density needs combined with our technology superior performance will sustain these attractive sales attach rates long term. Let's turn to automotive. The U.S. EPA announced new multi-pollutant standards last month. They include a strong particulate emissions limit that will require gasoline particulate filter adoption on U.S. gasoline vehicles, including hybrids, as early as 2026 for model year 2027. We are the inventor and the clear market leader in GPF and these standards increase our environmental technologies content opportunity by 2 to 3 times per U.S. ICE vehicle. This adoption offers hundreds of millions of dollars of growth for us in the U.S. alone, even in the face of BEV adoption. Keep in mind, we're also pursuing additional more Corning content opportunities in the automotive industry by introducing our automotive glass solutions, which are building success and momentum and are being adopted by both ICE and BEV platforms.  
 In Mobile Consumer Electronics, our goal is to outpace the market by increasing the content we provide for each device. Our sales have consistently outpaced the market over the last decade, and we expect that to continue to be the case going forward. We've done this by advancing the state of the art for cover materials and adding more content per device, a classic more Corning play. We have a strong innovation portfolio in support of our close collaborations with leading OEMs, and we expect to continue delivering new products that increase our value per device.  
 In display, we expect volume growth at retail to be driven mainly by television screen size growth. In fact, in the first quarter, sales of 85-inch TVs increased by more than 50% year-over-year. Overall, we expect to capture growth in display because we are the undisputed technology leader. Our successful development of Gen 10.5 and advanced capabilities aligned with the continued move to larger-sized TVs produced on the lowest cost platforms for large displays.  
 Finally, we continue to build entirely new product platforms to capture opportunities in new categories. Examples include automotive glass solutions to support high autonomy systems, the growing opportunity to localize U.S. solar supply and pharmaceutical packaging. In sum, we expect the power of our market leadership positions and more Corning innovations to allow us to grow faster than our markets in advance our $3 billion plus opportunity.  
 Now I'd like to move to the third component of the framework. Our expectation for powerful incrementals as we add sales. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated a set of actions to restore historic productivity ratios and also to raise price to share the impact of inflation more equitably with our customers. Since we initiated these activities, we have expanded our gross margin by 320 basis points despite sales being down almost $400 million.  
 Our actions have established a significantly stronger profitability and cash flow base even while our P&L includes the costs and technical capabilities necessary to support $3 billion plus in additional sales. Importantly, we have put processes and governance mechanisms in place to generate operating leverage as we grow sales. So as I close today, here's what I'd like to leave you with. Our first quarter results show encouraging signs of improving market conditions. We continue to expect this quarter will be the lowest quarter for the year. Additionally, we've established a higher profitability and cash flow base.  
 Finally, as our markets improve, we have the opportunity to increase our annualized sales by more than $3 billion. As we capture that growth, we expect to deliver powerful incrementals because the required capacity, the technical capabilities are already in place and the costs are already in our financials. This represents a terrific opportunity for our shareholders. Our second quarter guidance reflects higher sales and strong incremental profit. And you'll hear more about this from Ed.  
 We will continue making progress on this opportunity in 2024. Think of us as continuing to march up. I look forward to updating you at investor conferences in the next few months. Now before I turn the call over to Ed, I'd like to take a moment to recognize Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, who will retire from Corning at the end of May.  
 I want to thank Jeff for his 13 years of outstanding leadership at our company. During his tenure, he's helped grow the company, develop frameworks that define our priorities and guide our actions and raised awareness of glass as a key enabling material. He also increased Corning's focus on sustainability. Jeff, we wish you the very best. With that, I'll turn things over to Ed. 
Edward Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter sales were $3.26 billion, and EPS was $0.38, at the high end of our guidance. Our actions to increase price and improve productivity ratios are paying off. In the first quarter, despite lower year-over-year sales, we grew gross margin by 160 basis points. We also grew free cash flow by more than $300 million versus the first quarter of 2023. Overall, we have established a significantly stronger profitability and cash flow base, and we expect to grow from first quarter levels.  
 In the second quarter, we expect sales of approximately $3.4 billion, with strong incremental profit and EPS in the range of $0.42 to $0.46. Let's take a closer look at our segment results. In Optical Communications, sales for the first quarter were $930 million, down 17% year-over-year, reflecting temporarily lower carrier demand as customers continued to draw down inventory. Net income for the quarter was $100 million, down 37% year-over-year, reflecting the lower volume.  
 We are seeing clear signs of improving market conditions, and we think Q1 represents an inflection point. Sequentially, sales grew in both carrier and enterprise in the first quarter, which is more favorable than normal seasonality. And our order rates are steadily increasing as some of our carrier customers are reaching the end of their inventory drawdowns. We believe we're well positioned to take advantage of the industry's long-term growth drivers, specifically broadband, 5G, cloud computing and AI. We will also benefit from public infrastructure investments to help connect the unconnected and bring broadband to a much larger share of the U.S. population.  
 Moving to Display Technologies. As we shared with you in January, panel makers reduced their utilization levels in the fourth quarter in response to a softer retail selling season. Additionally, as expected, panel makers utilization levels remained low in the first quarter to align supply to demand. Our first quarter sales were $872 million, up 14% year-over-year and net income was $201 million, up 26% year-over-year. The increase in net income was primarily driven by higher volume and pricing actions taken in the second half of 2023.  
 First quarter glass price was consistent with the fourth quarter of 2023 as expected. Now it's worth noting that first quarter net income was negatively impacted by our decision to reduce our production to align to the lower volume we experienced in the fourth and first quarters. Our profitability will be higher in the second quarter. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect panel makers to run at higher utilization rates, driven by growth in retail demand resulting from midyear promotions, and we will return our production volume to more normal levels. We expect the second quarter glass market and our volume to increase sequentially as a result of higher panel maker utilization, and we expect glass price to be consistent with the first quarter.  
 For the full year, our expectations for the retail market remain unchanged from our January view and are consistent with industry expectations. Specifically, we anticipate relatively flat television unit volume, another year of TV screen size growth, and some recovery in PC demand. This adds mid-single-digit percent growth in glass volume at retail versus 2023. Overall, we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable.  
 Before I move on, I want to take a minute to address currency exchange rates. As a reminder, we have actively hedged our foreign currency exposure over the past decade. This serves as an effective tool to reduce earnings volatility, protect our cash flow, enhance our ability to invest and protect shareholder returns. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. And we've received more than $2.5 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception.  
 Our most significant hedge contracts are for the Japanese yen, which support our yen core rate of 107 through the end of 2024. As we look beyond 2024, our goal is to maintain an appropriate return on our display business through a combination of currency hedges and industrial solutions like price increases. First, on hedging, we are actively working to improve our hedge coverage for 2025 and into the future. The yen forward curve works in our favor. So if you go out a year, the forward rate is about JPY 8 stronger than today's spot rate; out 2 years, it's approximately 14; and so on.  
 The current yen spot rate is significantly weaker than the 30-year average of approximately JPY 110. We have made some progress on our hedges and are now partially hedged for 2025, and we'll continue to look for attractive opportunities to increase our hedges. Second, our customers sell panels in U.S. dollars, and they buy glass from us in yen. They are benefiting from the current weak yen rate. We plan to share the economics more appropriately with our customers by raising glass prices in yen.  
 We successfully took a first step in this direction in the second half of 2023. We will continue to keep you updated as we make progress. Moving to Specialty Materials. Sales in the first quarter were $454 million, up 12% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for our premium smartphone cover materials as well as semiconductor-related products. Net income was $44 million, up 13% year-over-year, driven by higher volume. Our more Corning approach will continue to help us win as handheld and IT markets recover.  
 Additionally, over time, we anticipate growth from new innovations such as bendable glass and augmented reality as they are adopted more broadly. Environmental Technologies first quarter sales were $455 million, up 6% year-over-year, driven by increased GPF adoption in China which more than offset a decline in heavy-duty diesel in North America, an impact we expect to continue through 2024. Net income was $105 million, up 28% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and improved operating performance. In Life Sciences, Sales in the first quarter were $236 million, down 8% versus the first quarter of 2023 as customers in North America and Europe continue to draw down their inventory.  
 Net income was $13 million, up 44% year-over-year, reflecting improved productivity. Turning to Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses. Sales in the first quarter were $311 million, down 19% year-over-year, reflecting lower pricing for solar grade polysilicon and lower sales in pharmaceutical technologies from the completion of volume commitments for COVID-related products.  
 Now let's turn to our outlook. Last quarter, we shared our expectation that the first quarter would be the low quarter of the year, and we're even more confident that, that is the case. In the second quarter, we expect sales to grow sequentially to approximately $3.4 billion with strong incremental profit and EPS in the range of $0.42 to $0.46. We also anticipate free cash flow to grow sequentially by approximately $300 million in the second quarter and we expect CapEx of approximately $1.2 billion for the year.  
 Wendell outlined our framework to drive strong returns on our existing innovation and capacity investments and shared our expectations for powerful incremental profit and cash flow. Given this opportunity, we've begun to think about our approach to the allocation of that cash going forward. As a reminder, we prioritize investing for organic growth opportunities.  
 And as we've shared today, in the midterm, we have the capabilities and capacity in place to add more than $3 billion in annualized sales with minimal cash investment. You can see that reflected in our CapEx expectations for 2024. This contributes to the strong free cash flow we expect to generate. Additionally, we maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet, and we're in great shape. We have one of the longest debt centers in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is about 23 years with about only $1 billion in debt coming due over the next 5 years, and we have no significant debt due -- coming due in any given year.  
 So as our cash flow increases, we remain committed to providing returns to our shareholders. We have grown our dividend 40% since 2019 and our dividend yield is top quartile in the S&P 500, and we will continue to be opportunistic on share repurchases. I look forward to sharing more in the coming months as we continue to make progress building a solid foundation for durable, profitable long-term growth. Now I'll turn things back over to Ann. 
Ann Nicholson: Great. Thank you, Ed. We're ready for our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  
 Our first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: If I could, one for Wendell, one for Ed. Wendell, on the commentary around the data center opportunity around AI. I was wondering if you could just share some color on when you think these incremental orders and revenue will flow into Corning. And these hundreds of -- low hundreds of dollars per GPU, can you just break that down into maybe just a little bit more color on where exactly that's coming from? Is this rack-to-rack connections in optical and data center? And how large do you think the TAM for that is? And I have a follow-up for Ed please. 
Wendell Weeks: So the timing of when we'll start to see it in our financials. So we start with a pretty large business and enterprise, all related to the sort of front-end -- we think about it as a front-end network, which is all connecting the CPUs. So off over that base, you'll start to see sort of a relatively robust revenue growth assuming the orders that we've closed here all ship in the back half of this year. You're just going to start to see that momentum begin to build.  
 Where does it come from? Well, the simplest way to think about this is let's just start at the rack level. A typical front-end rack filled with CPUs has about 32 fibers to sort of come into that top of the rack switch, right, 16 ports, 2 fibers per port. There's different ways to do it. But assuming one of these back-end network, GPU racks will tend to have on the order of a couple of [ 100 ] servers. To service those, you need more like 256 fibers on that same rack. So you've got about an 8x increase in the amount of fibers per rack. So this is what leads to the demand for us to do a more Corning innovation, how do you fit 8 times as many light pipes into fundamentally the same area. And that's why you see all of our new product innovation, what we've been working on the last few years is aimed at that. So as you start to see those large cluster GPU installations begin is when you should start to see it in our numbers, Wamsi. Was that -- did that answer your question? 
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, it did. I wonder, Wendell, if you might also comment on the B100, which seems to be a much more higher density solution than the H100 and the need for bandwidth probably -- order of magnitude higher between racks. 
Wendell Weeks: So you -- that is a great observation, and it is in line with the sort of secular trend that we see that basically says we have plenty of innovation we have to get done because density continues to increase as well as the bandwidth requirements increase. And so what that does is it reduces the amount of distance with which you can travel in an electron and therefore pushes the photons closer and closer to sort of the beachfront of those GPUs, which is opening up an entire new set of categories for us -- for our flat glass, for our ability to couple light into various formats. And so in a way what you're describing is what's leading to a whole new family of innovations upon which we are working diligently, Wamsi. 
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. I appreciate the answer. And maybe quickly for Ed. I appreciate the yen commentary here as we look into 2025, there seem to be a lot of moving pieces for display between yen rate and the pricing you alluded to? How large is the partial hedge or where do you expect to -- as you exit this year, where do you think you will be hedged for 2025?  
 What do you think is the sort of core rate that if we were to shift next year to a different core rate, where would you think that would be using all the tools that you have? And if you could perhaps just roll it up at the high level, including the price changes that you spoke about. How should we think about display at sort of the top line level, given all these different changes? 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks for the question, Wamsi, and I understand the desire to have all that information. I think the simplest way to think about it is we are committed to generating return in this business. And we think we will do that in 2024. We did that in 2023. And our goal is to get the economics to be similar as we go forward regardless of where the yen winds up and where we are able to hedge.  
 We'll be -- we're good at hedging. We've got a long-standing program. We will look for attractive opportunities to build our 2025 hedge portfolio. And if the yen breaks our way, we'll go out beyond that. I think it's too early to talk about core rate or that kind of discussion, but I think you should just think about our display economics that we'll deliver in 2024 as being the way to think about our display business. So we'll raise price to offset the impact of the yen and the net of those two things to get you to the same place. That's the way we're thinking about it. We've made some nice progress on hedging, and we'll continue to keep you updated as we go. I think that's the way you all should think about it. 
Ann Nicholson: Operator, we're ready for our next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: Great. Maybe a question for me. You noted that you have the capacity kind of today with capital you've already built to have $3 billion of additional revenue. You noted that you expect to kind of grow over the next 3 years by more than that $3 billion. And so just trying to get a sense of where you think that the biggest opportunities or investments will be over the next couple of years?  
 And then maybe a second question. There's been obviously, a lot made of BEAD timing and understanding that you're seeing kind of improving demand trends on service provider as they come out of inventory digestion, but just kind of what your latest thoughts are around kind of BEAD timing as an enhancement to the optical business. 
Wendell Weeks: I'll start with the second one and then maybe, Ed, you can discuss the first. So on BEAD timing, we tend to be relatively conservative in our outlook of how effective the government can be in allocating resources to build networks. We're in strong support of this. It requires U.S. content and we think it's aimed well and it will be done. The funds have been allocated. But the process, we would tend to be a little -- our expectations are being a little slower than what you see as the industry overall. We think they'll get allocated this year and you won't really start to see spending until next year. That's our current point of view [indiscernible]. Does that answer your question? 
Meta Marshall: Yes, that's helpful. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes, Meta, on your other question. So first, I would start with we actually have capacity to do much more than $3 billion in sales. I think we're framing it up as we see it. Where those sales come from, where those opportunities come from will depend on whether we need to add anything beyond what we have in place today, but we feel very confident in supporting a number well above $3 billion.  
 There are certainly a few places where we might spend a little money, but it's all encapsulated in the CapEx guide we gave for 2024, and we ramped our capital spend down in the back half of 2023. So sitting here today, I don't see any need for significant amount of capital. A good example might be as we build out our auto glass business, and we continue to win there. We might need to spend a little bit, but not the kind of capital you're used to when you build like melting capacity for glass, more on the finishing side. So I think we -- our goal is to generate a significant amount of cash flow off of the existing capacity we have in place. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. 
Martin Yang: I would like to ask about your opinion regarding newly announced subsidy programs for home appliance trading in China. I know your retail estimates on PV sales this year hasn't changed. Do you think this could be a new catalyst to drive upside to retail TV market and your glass volume in '24? 
Wendell Weeks: That's a great question. They're relatively recent, and we're still in the midst of trying to understand how that will play out when it hits the consumer. Our expectations have been for China retail demand to be relatively muted this year. You're right to point it out, we're just a little early in being able to analyze and predict what its impact will be like. We'll get back to you on that as our understanding evolves. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. 
Samik Chatterjee: Maybe to sort of ask you another one on display, just a bit more longer term. I know you have a strong position in the display market with the display glass, but traditionally or historically, the problem with this market has been the shorter cycle nature of the swings in the volume cycle. When you think about the duration of this current cycle, are you thinking about it any differently, how does the cycle track rate to some of the sort of volatility we've seen in the past? And then a bit more near term.  
 I know you mentioned you're expecting a step up in terms of industry volume into 2Q. But any more color there because that does seem like 1Q panel maker utilization improved late in the quarter more than you expected. So how are you thinking about 2Q now based on the sort of stronger exit of 1Q? 
Wendell Weeks: Right, that's -- let me take the first question. That is a wonderful deep question, Samik, on the first one, mainly because as the locus of panel manufacturing has shifted from Korea, Taiwan, into China and that high concentration there has begun to lead to sort of different behavior between set makers and panel makers. One of the things that led to the sort of classic crystal cycles would be that, a, you had a very strongly growing market, which meant predicting how much capacity you would need was challenging because you had to get the rate right.  
 But then the second was that set makers would tend to have very strong back half demand. Panel makers would tend to want to make it pretty consistently. And therefore, you have build ups of value chain inventory that added volatility to the markets. Two things have changed. First, we're now in the mature stage of the display market, at least until such time [indiscernible] something like a very new format as displays start to move -- so that end market has become easier to predict. Second, what we're seeing with the behavior of the new very strong panel makers is they're seeking to optimize panel price, and they are reducing their utilization to match more closely with the actual orders from set makers. So this has begun to change that dynamic of how much inventory gets built up in the value chain.  
 Now this has only been a couple of quarters, a couple of 3 quarters. And so it's too early to tell is this going to be a more longer-term change. If it is a longer-term change, that will reflect well on the health of the industry and the smoothing out of these cycles that you are pointing out. The pandemic was sort of a mega cycle, and we're sort of still dealing with some of the things that happened during that period. So that may be more color than you're looking for, Samik, but it is a question upon which obviously we're pondering. 
Samik Chatterjee: And any thoughts on 2Q, the step-up from 1Q, 2Q just given the exit run rate was higher in 1Q. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Samik, as you articulate, panel maker utilization was low generally in Q1. We certainly saw a step-up towards the end of the quarter. We're expecting them to run at higher levels through the second quarter and really through the year because if retail is flat just to meet that flat unit demand, they would have to run at significantly higher levels for the remaining 3 quarters of the year to meet that demand. We're not guiding specific volume increase from Q1 to Q2, but I think it's pretty meaningful. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. 
Timothy Long: Thank you. Maybe just a 2 parter on the optical comms business. First, on the telco side, you talked about the inventory normalization, but there's also a lot of chatter out there and weakness given 5G hasn't seemed to work all that successfully to the telcos. So could you just talk about that business in the context of 5G isn't really successful and what that means for some of these longer-term contracts that you have with some of the larger players?  
 And then secondly, on the enterprise side, could you just touch on the opportunity for a lot of chatter about GPUs kind of chasing where there happens to be spare capacity for energy. Do you see an opportunity for your enterprise business with large data centers popping up in new areas that will need to be connected? 
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Tim. On the 5G piece, I think that the challenge that our customers in telco have faced is that 5G, you move from a technology in 4G, which wireless is very wireless, right, to 5G, which, therefore, takes wireless and starts to make it more wireline. And therefore, taking a good amount of infrastructure to put in place. Now interestingly, what they've taken advantage of is if they're going to do that, you see them combining their networks from wireline and wireless into one. And that allows them some significant cost savings and offers many different potential revenue opportunities for a given deployment of network. Now -- so in a way, you're seeing their cost productivity improve, their ability to serve improve. There is a challenge of how much revenue -- incremental revenue the 5G at this stage has generated, and that is something they have wrestled with.  
 What you see reflected in our thoughts for the year is a relatively muted deployment outlook. But we'll still see the pickup because what's pushing us below sort of long-term deployment rates of fiber has been eating through the inventory largely purchased during the pandemic and dealing with that step-up. And then -- but it does incorporate a lower deployment outlook. So that's what we've sought to do for that, Tim. Does that address your question on that piece? 
Timothy Long: Yes, yes. And then just on the data centers popping up in other places impact? 
Wendell Weeks: The answer to your question is yes. It is an interesting opportunity. And it is -- coming back to [ enhancing ], hey, capability we have that others don't, which is this ability for us to actually respond globally across a really big geographic footprint, not only in the U.S. but across the globe. Because this search for energy is more than just finding the exact right communities here. And so yes, it does offer a significant opportunity for us for both innovation as well as volume. But it's too early to factor that in because they haven't found all the energy sources yet that will be required, and they're still dealing with the infrastructure ramifications therein. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citi. 
Asiya Merchant: Great. And apologies if this question has been answered. But I did notice inventory was a little higher this quarter and OpEx tracked a little bit higher as well. Just if you can provide some clarity on that. 
Edward Schlesinger: Sure. Thanks, Asiya. On inventory, just think of it as we had a very low volume quarter in general. Our volume will go up through the year. So we still view inventory as an opportunity to take it down from the level we're at and we think that will be a catalyst for cash flow in 2024. With respect to OpEx, I'm going to answer your question, but I'm going to reframe it a little bit as well.  
 So sequentially, our OpEx was up. The simplest way to think about it is that our variable compensation in '23 was lower than normal because we didn't perform to target in 2023, so we just didn't pay out at target. We've reset our targets, we expect to perform in 2024. So our variable compensation is at a normal level. But what I think is important to take away on OpEx is we are committed to keep our OpEx relatively flat to where it is. It will move around in any given quarter. It's -- I think we're -- we were about $700 million in the first quarter. It could be in the $700 million to $725 million range. But if we're able to do that over time, it creates another leverage point for us as our sales grow, and that's why we talk about powerful incrementals, gross margin expands and operating margin expands as well where profitability expands more than sales. So I feel good about OpEx overall. 
Asiya Merchant: Well, I was just going to ask, I know there was commentary on yen earlier, but investors have been asking when Corning would feel comfortable sharing sort of the new yen hedges. And perhaps this question has already been answered, but I did join late, so apologies if this is a repetitive question. But any color on this. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. No apologies necessary, Asiya. Yes, what I shared earlier was the most important thing is to think about the return we generate in this business, our goal is to generate an appropriate return. You could think of that as what we will deliver in 2024 or what we delivered in 2023. And we're going to use yen hedging and raising price in combination to generate that economics or those economics to generate that return.  
 And so we have made progress on our hedges. We've made some nice progress, and we'll be opportunistic throughout the year, and we'll look to hedge at attractive rates. We're not sort of discussing the details. And I think it's too early to think about how to frame up core rate for 2025. So we'll keep you posted on that. But just think of it as the overall profitability level or cash generation level in the display business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Spector with UBS. 
James Cannon: Congrats on a solid quarter. This is James Cannon on for Josh. I just wanted to poke on the powerful incrementals you described. We're talking about a $3 billion sales opportunity. I mean if I look back at kind of last couple of quarters, your gross margin has held in pretty steady despite sales declining. I think there's some noise with display pricing coming through. Can you just give me some color as to how we should think about the cadence of gross margins as we go through the rest of the year? 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think the way to think about it is if you go back to Q2 of -- I'm sorry, Q4 of 2022, that was our low point. We've expanded our gross margin 300 basis points while our sales have come down almost $400 million. We've done that by improving our productivity ratios, running our factories better and by raising price.  
 So we're actually at a very nice baseline of 37%. And I'd remind you that 37% is closer to 39% when you think about the old map before we absorb inflation and raised price, right? So we're starting from a very nice base and we have the capacity in place to support a lot higher sales, which is not normally the way we would grow. So as sales come back, we would expect our gross margin to march up along with those sales nicely each quarter. And then I mentioned just before, we also believe OpEx are on the operating margin line is another leverage point for us. So that's how we think about those powerful incrementals. I think you should just think of it as we will march up as our sales grow from 37%. 
James Cannon: Okay. I guess just another way to think about it is, as that $3 billion comes through, like I think 40 has typically been your target. Like has that changed? Or is that where you think -- that's where you think you can get to? 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. So I think we can get there. But just as a reminder, the 40, if you go back in time, we've absorbed a significant amount of inflation and raised price, which brings our margin percentage down. So 38% is sort of the new 40% in old math. But I still think despite that new base, we can get back to that 40% level as we accrete our sales up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. 
Steven Fox: I guess I was just wondering on the Specialty Materials business, if you can provide some more detail. From my seat, it looks like it did much better than I would have thought for Q1. How much of that was due to Gorilla Glass? How do you sort of look at the rest of the year, given sort of mixed results in Q1 on the phone side, like what kind of seasonality, et cetera, are we looking at? 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. I think it was more or less in line with how we would have expected it. I think it's a business that will grow as we add more Corning content. That's the way we think about it for the year. We don't see smartphone market being up that much in units maybe a point or 2 for the year. There certainly can be some growth in the IT space, but even that is single digit, maybe mid-single-digit level. 
 So I think the growth catalyst here is for us to add content into the market. 
Wendell Weeks: And we just don't see a lot of that happening this year. Steve, we'll be -- this is most of our newest innovation will be aimed at the model year following this. So we're not looking at MC as being a big catalyst for near-term growth in terms of versus Q1, right, for this year, but future it will be. 
Ann Nicholson: Super. We've got time for another question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. 
George Notter: I guess I'm curious about your comments on display. I think you mentioned an appropriate level of profitability. I get what that is. But when you go out and re-up the hedging portfolio, obviously, there's a cost that comes with that. Do you still -- I think if I go back in the past, you guys looked at the hedging portfolio as being pretty neutral in terms of cost between what you were long and what you were short. Is that still going to be the case as we re-up the hedges going forward? And then when you talk about an appropriate level of profitability, are you including the cost of the hedging program when you make that statement? 
Wendell Weeks: The appropriate level of profitability would include any cost of hedging. We're long yen, right? And so the -- you heard, and Ed was pointing out sort of over the sweep of time, we generated on the order of $2.5 billion of cash, positive cash arising from our hedges, right? That or us hedging that long end position. And the way we think about this is that position is coming from the fact we sell in yen. And so we will resolve this either in the currency market should the yen come back to more sort of reasonable levels, right? And we'll be opportunistic about that.  
 But if not, our customers are picking up the game in terms of lower-cost glass because we sell in yen. And so what we will do is just raise our price in yen to share some of that volatility that we're seeing in the yen. Does that make sense, George? 
George Notter: It does. I assume it's still fair to say that the cost of the hedging program is pretty minimal to shareholders, we're pretty balanced in terms of the 2 sides. 
Wendell Weeks: Yes. 
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, George, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we will hold our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 2. In addition, we'll also attend the JPMorgan Technology Conference on May 21. And finally, we'll be hosting management visits to investor offices in [ select cities ].  
 There'll be a web replay of today's call on our site starting later this morning. Thank you all for joining us. Shannon, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce to you Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Invest Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Shannon, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the fourth quarter, the difference between GAAP and core EPS primarily reflected constant currency adjustments, realized gains and unrealized non-cash mark-to-market losses on translated earnings contracts and non-cash translation losses on Japanese yen denominated debt as well as restructuring and asset write-off charges. As a reminder, these mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the investor relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast and we encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. Today we reported fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. Sales for the fourth quarter were $3.3 billion and EPS was $0.39, in line with expectations. Free cash flow was $0.5 billion. Gross margin was 37%, consistent with the third quarter despite lower sequential sales. As I shared with you last quarter, demand in most of our markets is temporarily depressed due to supply chain corrections and macroeconomic factors, therefore our sales are well below long term trends. Nevertheless, the actions we took to improve our profitability and cash flow generation throughout 2023 are evident in our financial performance. And based on detailed assessments, we are confident that we've extended our leadership positions across our markets While our current sales are below trend, we expect that to change in the midterm as our markets begin to normalize. This creates an opportunity for us to increase our sales by more than $3 billion when that happens. As we capture that growth, we expect to deliver powerful incrementals because we already have the required production capacity and technical capabilities in place and the cost is already reflected in our financials. The incremental profit and cash flow annuity created by increasing sales by $3 billion plus is a terrific opportunity for our shareholders, and we expect to start making progress towards realizing that opportunity in 2024. Now it's difficult to call the specific timing of a recovery, but we continue to see signs that it will occur in 2024. As a result, we expect the first quarter to be our low quarter of the year. So, that's a summary of where we are and how we seek to create value in the medium term. I'd like to provide some additional facts and perspective. At the start of 2023, we introduced plans to improve profitability and cash flow in this lower-demand environment. Throughout the year, we took action to restore our productivity ratios to historical levels and to raise price to more appropriately share inflation with our customers. I'm happy to report we delivered on our plans. When you look at our fourth quarter results on a year-over-year basis, the evidence of our progress is quite clear. We increased gross margin by 330 basis points and free cash flow by $110 million to $0.5 billion despite sales being down by more than $350 million. Our profitability and productivity improvements led to significantly improved free cash flow conversion and we expect to continue converting profit to cash at attractive rates going forward. Overall, our results in the quarter and throughout 2023 demonstrate that we continue to make solid progress advancing our market leadership, strengthening our profitability and improving our cash flow generation even in the lower demand environment we're experiencing. As a result, we're entering this year operationally strong. Now we intend to build on this strength. As I previously mentioned, we have an opportunity to increase our sales by more than $3 billion in the medium term. Let's take a deeper look as to why we believe this. I shared a bit of how we're thinking about Optical Communications on the last call. I'll start there again today because it's a significant part of our opportunity. We anticipate Optical Communications sales will spring back because we believe and our carrier customers have confirmed that they purchased excess inventory during the pandemic and that they've been utilizing this inventory to continue deploying their networks. We believe these carriers will soon deplete their inventory and execute on the increased broadband deployment plans they've communicated to us over the last several months. As a result, we expect them to return to their normal purchasing patterns to service their deployments. We also continue to expect speed funding for network builds in underserved areas to begin in the second half of 2024 and continue adding to our addressable market for several years. Additionally, we expect to grow hyperscale sales in support of the growing role of cloud computing and the need to build the second optical network necessary to directly connect the GPUs that drive artificial intelligence. Last quarter, I shared trend lines for fiber shipments, which showed that we are significantly below trend and outlined why we expect our sales to get back on trend. I'd now like to update you on progress during the fourth quarter. Here you see Corning's fiber shipments measured in fiber kilometers since the beginning of 2007. The trend line shows a 7.3% compound annual growth rate over the last decade compared to a 6.6% CAGR for industry fiber shipments over the same period. As I explained during our third quarter call, our fiber shipments in quarter one of 2023 were basically in line with expected market trends, but started to drop below our trend line in quarter two and even more so in quarter three, with our shipments more than 30% below trend line, primarily due to elevated carrier inventory levels. We now have another quarter of data to share. In the Q4, we saw a small uptick in fiber shipments, but they remain more than 30% below trend. More importantly, our regular sit downs with key customers indicate that they are deploying at a higher rate than they are purchasing as they continue to make progress on drawing down inventory. Additionally, they have plans to increase deployments in 2024. We look forward to updating you on takeaways from our next round of sit downs. We're also seeing encouraging signs in hyperscale. Overall orders grew in the fourth quarter and we're seeing the earliest edge of AI related network builds in our order books. Returning to trend adds more than 40% to our revenue run rate for Optical Communications and we are laser focused on doing just that. Beyond that, we expect the strong underlying growth trend to continue far into the future and our sales to grow faster than the market through more Corning innovations. Optical fiber remains the ascendant technology with growing applications in wireless, cloud computing including AI and broadband efforts to connect the unconnected. As those applications grow, we have new product innovations in each that will increase our revenue per installed fiber. Government incentives to ensure everyone has Internet access also extend the long term trend line. Display provides another example of how our sales will spring back. Retail sales During the fourth quarter selling season were softer than industry expectations. Panel makers responded by reducing their fourth quarter utilization levels. Additionally, industry reports indicate that panel makers plan to run at lower utilization levels in the first quarter as they continue to align panel supply to demand with fab shutdowns planned during the Lunar New Year holidays in February. For the first quarter of 2024, we expect the glass market and our volume to be down by a mid-single digit percentage sequentially. For the full year of 2024, our expectations are in line with the industry. We anticipate relatively flat television unit volume, another year of TV screen size growth, and some recovery in PC demand. Combined, this adds mid-single digit growth in glass volume at retail versus 2023. We expect panel maker utilization to increase after the first quarter to meet the expected retail demand. As a result, we expect our financial performance to significantly improve from our first quarter run rate. Longer term, we expect continued volume growth in retail to be mainly driven by television screen size growth as it has the past several years and for some improvement in units as consumer demand normalizes. Well, we expect to win in this market because we are the undisputed technology leader. Our successful development and capability in Gen 10.5 aligns with the continued move to larger sized TVs produced on the lowest cost platforms for large displays. Life Sciences is another segment where market normalization contributes significantly to our expected growth. Customers in North America and in Europe are completing their inventory drawdowns. We are continuing our productivity and operations improvements, and we're refocusing our commercial and production efforts on drug discovery and production as the market returns. We also continue to evolve our products and business model for vials in our pharmaceutical technologies business. In addition to markets returning to normal, we continue to execute our more Corning content opportunities across the company. In Mobile Consumer Electronics and Automotive, we see more Corning as the primary growth mechanism. Let's look first at Mobile Consumer Electronics. Since 2016, handhelds have declined 21%, while our sales of Gorilla Glass have increased 41%. Now, we've done this by advancing the state-of-the-art for cover materials. And this is just a classic more Corning play. We have a strong innovation portfolio in support of our close collaborations with leading OEMs. And we expect to continue delivering new products that increase our content per device. You saw a great example of this earlier in January in our announcement with Samsung about Corning Gorilla Armor, which dramatically enhances sunlight readability and scratch resistance. Extreme ultraviolet lithography, or EUV, a market we serve with our advanced optics products, is another great, more Corning opportunity. We are the market leader for the photo mask and mirror materials of choice for GPUs and other advanced semiconductors. In automotive, proposed US EPA regulations would require adoption of gasoline particulate filters and provide an incremental driver of demand for our market-leading GPF offerings. In terms of more Corning, GPF adds two to three times the content opportunity in ICE vehicles. This would mean significant growth in our environmental business, even in the face of global BEV adoption. Additionally, we're winning both interior and exterior auto glass business, as customers increasingly view our solutions to be system enabling components. As I wrap up, here's what I'd like to leave you with. A majority of our markets are operating below trend. And as a result, our 2023 full year sales are down from the prior year. In this lower demand environment, we have successfully taken actions to improve our profitability and cash flow, and we believe we have extended our leadership positions across our businesses. We are confident that our markets will normalize. And as they do, we have an opportunity to increase our annual sales by more than $3 billion. As we capture that growth, we expect to deliver powerful incrementals since the required capacity and technical capabilities are already in place and the costs are already in our financials. This represents a terrific opportunity for our shareholders. We expect to make progress on this opportunity in 2024 and we believe the first quarter is our low quarter of the year. While it's difficult to call this specific timing of a recovery, we will continue our regular engagements with our large optical customers to review their recent deployments in detail and better understand their plans for deployments in 2024 and beyond. Following the Lunar New Year, we'll have similar meetings with our display customers. And we look forward to updating you in the next few months at investor conferences on our learnings and our progress. As I conclude, I'd like to remind you that the essence of what we do here at Corning is invent, make, and sell. We drive durable multi-year growth by inventing category defining products, developing scalable manufacturing platforms, and building strong trust-based relationships with our customers who are the leaders in their industries. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ed, so that he can get into the details of our results and our outlook.
Ed Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning, everyone. I will start by summarizing a few key takeaways and then I'll move to the fourth quarter results. Our full year sales were $13.6 billion, down 8%, reflecting our markets being well below long-term trends. Despite the lower sales, we improved profitability and cash flow by restoring productivity ratios back to historical levels and offsetting inflation by raising prices. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we expanded gross margin by 330 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2022, despite sales being down by more than $350 million, and we grew free cash flow sequentially every quarter from first quarter levels. As you heard from Wendell, we have an opportunity to increase our sales by more than $3 billion in the medium term as our markets normalize. And we have in place the necessary production capacity and technical capabilities to service that growth. Our operations and finance teams are collaborating closely on processes and tools to ensure that we capture the growth and operating leverage required to deliver significant incremental profit and cash flow. We expect to make progress during 2024. Moving to fourth quarter results. Sales were $3.3 billion, gross margin was 37%, EPS was $0.39, and free cash flow was $487 million. Now, let me provide some details on our segment results. In Optical Communications, sales for the fourth quarter were $903 million, down 2% sequentially, primarily reflecting temporarily lower demand from carrier customers as they continued to draw down inventory. Net income for the quarter was $88 million, down 3% sequentially on the lower volume. Longer term, we remain confident that Optical Communications market will normalize. We believe that the industry's underlying growth drivers are intact, specifically broadband, 5G, cloud computing, and advanced AI. We will also benefit from public infrastructure investments to help connect the unconnected and bring broadband to a much larger share of the US population. And from an order rate perspective, we are beginning to see green shoots in the hyperscale data center space. Moving to Display Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $869 million, down 11% sequentially. The remainder of our second half price increases partially offset a sequential volume decline that was consistent with the market. Results -- retail results during the fourth quarter selling season were softer than industry expectations. Panel makers responded by reducing their fourth quarter utilization levels. Additionally, industry reports indicate that panel makers plan to run at lower utilization levels in the first quarter as they continue to align panel supply to demand with fab shutdowns planned during the Lunar New Year holidays in February. For the first quarter of 2024, we expect the glass market and our volume to be down by a mid-single digit percentage sequentially. For the full year of 2024, our expectations are in line with the industry. We anticipate relatively flat television unit volume, another year of TV screen size growth, and some recovery in PC demand. This adds mid-single digit growth in glass volume at retail versus 2023. We expect panel maker utilization to increase after the first quarter to meet the expected retail demand growth. As a result, we expect our financial performance to significantly improve from our first quarter run rate. Moving to pricing, we successfully executed a double-digit price increase at our customers in the second half of 2023. We expect the pricing environment to remain favorable with glass supply balanced to demand as display glassmakers reduced capacity in 2023. We expect our Q1 2024 glass prices to be consistent with Q4 of 2023. In Specialty Materials, sales in the fourth quarter were $473 million, down 16% sequentially, following strong third quarter sales of our smartphone cover materials in support of customer product launches. Net income was $58 million, down 19% sequentially, reflecting the lower volumes. In Environmental Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $429 million, down 4% sequentially, reflecting normal seasonality. Net income was $98 million, consistent sequentially. For the full year, sales increased 11% to $1.8 billion, outpacing the automotive market recovery. Our content-driven growth strategy and increased GPF adoption due to mid-year implementation of China 6b regulations led to our outperformance. In Life Sciences, sales in the fourth quarter were $242 million, up 5% sequentially. Customers in North America and Europe are completing their inventory drawdowns. Additionally, productivity improvements allowed us to improve service levels to better supply the market as it normalizes. Net income improved sequentially to $17 million, up 31%, resulting from higher volume and productivity improvements. Turning to Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses, sales in the fourth quarter were $356 million, up 9% sequentially, primarily reflecting higher semiconductor polysilicon volume. Now let's turn to our outlook. We expect sales in the first quarter of approximately $3.1 billion. We expect EPS in the range of $0.32 to $0.38. The improvements we made in profitability and cash flow will continue to deliver benefits in 2024. We expect gross margin in the first quarter of ‘24 to be similar to the fourth quarter of 2023, despite lower sales, and to improve first quarter free cash flow by $200 million to $300 million versus the first quarter of 2023. We expect the first quarter to be our low quarter. We believe we are going to grow from these levels for the following reasons. In Optical Communications, we expect carriers to complete inventory drawdowns and increase deployments throughout the year. We also see orders increasing from hyperscale data center customers. In Display, we expect panel maker utilization to increase from first quarter levels to meet expected full year retail demand. In Life Sciences, we expect markets to continue normalizing. And we plan to deliver more Corning content opportunities in mobile consumer electronics and environmental technologies. Now, I'd like to take a minute to address currency exchange rates. As a reminder, we have actively hedged our foreign currency exposure over the past decade. This serves as an effective tool to reduce earnings volatility, protect our cash flow, enhance our ability to invest, and protect shareholder returns. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We have received more than $2.5 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception. Our largest exposure is the Japanese yen. As we've previously shared with investors, we have most of our 2024 yen exposure hedged. We plan to keep our yen core rate at [JPY107] (ph) through the end of 2024. As we look ahead, we are actively working to improve our hedge coverage for 2025. The yen forward curve works in our favor. If you go out one year, the forward yen rate is about JPY7 stronger than today's spot rate. Out two years, it's about JPY12 stronger and so on. Also, the current yen spot rate is significantly weaker than the 30-year average of approximately JPY110. So we believe there will be an opportunity to place additional long-term hedges at more attractive rates. And in combination with hedging, we can institute an industrial solution, like pricing increases for display glass, the first step of which we took in 2023. So that's how we think about it. It will either solve in the currency markets in a reasonable timeframe or will move to an industrial solution. Now before I wrap up, I want to spend a minute on our priorities to maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet and return excess cash to shareholders. We ended the year with $1.8 billion in cash. We've created one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is 23 years, with only $1.4 billion in debt coming due in the next five years, and no significant debt coming due in any given year. And essentially all of our debt instruments are fixed rate. Additionally, we prioritize returning excess cash to shareholders. We have consistently done this including throughout the pandemic. And one of the ways we do that is through dividends. We have grown our dividend 40% since 2019, and our dividend yield is top quartile in the S&P 500. We will propose that our board maintains a quarterly dividend of $0.28 in the first quarter and we will continue to be opportunistic on share repurchases. Now, here's what I want to leave you with today. We are entering the year operationally and financially strong. We expect the first quarter to be the low quarter of the year. We have an opportunity to capture $3 billion plus in sales over the medium term as markets normalize and we capture more Corning content opportunities. As we do, we are positioned to capture significant incremental profit and cash flow because we have the capacity and capabilities in place and the costs are already in our financials. I look forward to updating you on our progress. And now, I will turn things back over to Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Shannon, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is now open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I joined the call late. So I apologize if you already covered this on the prepared remarks, but can you give us an update on the CapEx clearance for this year? And how you see your cash flows are shaping up throughout the year? And to what extent, when should we expect the company to become more active in buyback program? And I have a follow-up.
Ed Schlesinger: Sure. Thanks, Mehdi, for your question. So first of all, we expect our CapEx in 2024 to be about $1.2 billion below our 2023 levels. As we mentioned, we have the capacity in place to deliver what we expect to be a significant sales opportunity. So we don't necessarily need to add a lot of CapEx. With respect to cash flow, what I shared was that we are guiding Q1 to be about $200 million to $300 million better than the prior year, better than Q1 of 2023. And we expect to continue to make progress on profitability and cash flow as our sales come back. And then I think your last question was around buybacks. Okay, yeah. So, we, of course, we always prioritize in returning cash, excess cash, to shareholders, and we will continue to look to do that through both our dividend and buybacks. I don't have anything specific to report right now on buybacks.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Sorry for multi-part first question, but just if I may quickly squeeze the second question. In the optical business, have you seen any change to increasing broadband access? Is there any update on the BEADS program you can share with us? Or BEADS contribution?
Wendell Weeks: So we continue to expect BEAD funding really to start to translate into demand, the beginning of it, sort of late this year. They are progressing with awarding the grants and it will just take a bit for those to turn into real programs. So we expect sort of late this year.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. I was wondering, Wendell, if you could characterize sort of midterm as you think about the $3 billion opportunity that you're talking about incrementally. And can you give us some sense of how you see that opportunity across your segments? Sounds like you're -- probably most of that is going to be optical, given the magnitude of inventory correction there, but would love any color you can share on that.
Wendell Weeks: Sure. Thanks, Wamsi. So, as you would expect, we expect the market to normalize at a different rate depending on the market. And then we expect our more Corning pieces to come in, in timing with the particular innovation. So those will have some markets that will begin this year. And we'll have some which will make even more progress as time goes on. When we say midterm, by and large we mean that within the next three years that we will see all of it, right? But we'll start to see it beginning to happen sooner in different markets. Does that make sense, Wamsi? Is that responsive to your question?
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah, yeah, that's helpful. And, Wendell, just -- is there -- would you say that the off the $3 billion incremental, half of it is optical, more than that is optical? How would you define sort of how do you can break that out across your segments?
Wendell Weeks: Okay. So it's a little harder to answer that because the actual opportunity between our markets returning to normal and our more Corning activities is larger than the $3 billion. So -- and then we discount back to what we're talking to you about, right? And so therefore, when you do the relative shares, it gets non-trivial to figure out. But I think, Wamsi, your fundamental grasp that the biggest individual mover will be that 40% up opportunity in optical, I think your own thought processes here are really solid.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Wendell. Sorry, if I could just ask one clarifying question…
Wendell Weeks: Sure.
Wamsi Mohan: …on your comment around price or Ed’s comment on price as a lever to offset potentially the currency movement. You've done a great job using your contracts with some of your customers on display such that you've been a price taker and it's kind of eliminated a lot of the price competition for share reasons. Should we think that that regime has sort of ended and now we're in a new regime where you are willing to force pricing and not be a price taker anymore? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So, I'm not positive I understand your question, but let me tell you how we tend to think about pricing and display. And it really sort of ties back to Ed's commentary around the yen. You've seen us do in really across our whole platform that we have sought to share inflation more appropriately with our customers. And that has led us to be a price increaser across our company and that has helped us improve our profitability. In display, we've been doing that. Perhaps more importantly is almost the reverse of that. What has happened with the yen being so well below, at sort of 130 year -- I mean it’s a 30-year average, is that our customers are getting a lower price real in yen, right, while they sell in dollars. And we're fundamentally seeking to share that more appropriately with our customers. And so what we say is like, either the yen will come back sometime here in the reasonable point of time, right? Or we will raise price to provide an industrial solution to have us be in a position where we can continue to earn the appropriate return on our invested capital in display that our shareholders expect rightly. So what Ed's commentary there on pricing has to do with is really tying around the totality of that situation and how our customers experience their price since we price in yen. Does that make sense to you, sir?
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah, yeah it does, Wendell. Thank you so much.
Ann Nicholson: All right, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citi. Your line is now open.
Asiya Merchant: All right, thank you for taking my question. On optical, if I may, it seems like there was an order uptick or some sort of a demand uptick that you mentioned in 4Q. If you could drill down one more into that, if that was from your service provider or cloud customers? And then looking ahead into 1Q, what should we be expecting for optical here better than seasonal trends? And again, if you could drill down if you're seeing that from your service provider or cloud customers, thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, really excellent question. So first, that tick-up you see, right, in our data, isn't big enough yet for us to go, oh yeah, it's happening the way we expect. Right? It's encouraging, but it's too small for us to over-conclude something analytically. Anecdotally, the conversations with our customers and what we can see from their data is that they are deploying at higher rates for carrier customers, to get to your question of where is it. They continue to deploy in those numbers at higher rates than their purchases. So they continue to draw down numbers in that piece. I think the other -- now moving beyond just that fiber shipment data, right, what else are we seeing? We are beginning to see the tick up already in hyperscale in our order book, not yet in those shipments that you see in that data. So there's an area where we're starting to get nice confirmatory to our anecdotal understanding of what will need to happen with these new Generative AI networks. And we're seeing sort of the cloud and the beginning, the leading edge of that second optical network that will need to get built to do these Generative AI programming. So that is what we're seeing in more of the detail. It's just too early yet for us to over-conclude and call timing. We'll know more in the coming months. Ed and Jeff and Ann are out there speaking with you all, they will make sure they share as we learn more. Does that work for you?
Asiya Merchant: Yeah, great. And if I may, on display as well, I think it's tough to call when these panel makers come back with their utilization levels off of the 1Q down tick that you guys have talked about and I think the industry has talked about. But if the retail volume happens to be, let's say, mid to high single digits from a glass perspective and you're already starting the year with healthy inventory levels, is it reasonable to assume, like a, sharp snapback in 2Q and 3Q? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Asiya, I'll take that one. And I won't give you a specific quarter. I think that's hard to call. But if you think about the Q1 panel maker utilization levels and a mid-single digit glass market for the year, you would need to see a double digit increase from their current levels in Q1 to achieve that glass market. And even if the glass market were lower than that, let's just say even flat, you would still need to see a double digit increase from their Q1 level. So I think the answer to the sharp part of your question is yes, the timing is obviously harder to call.
Asiya Merchant: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Maybe doubling down on Wamsi’s question, just around whether you've seen with the pricing increases on the display business, any changes in share or has it largely played out as expected? And then maybe just second question, on the gross margin stability that you expect into Q1, is that from kind of efficiencies that you found in the business over the last year that are just starting to play in or kind of the pricing increases on the display business or is that from a mix of the business? Just how to think about that stability in Q1 over Q4? Thanks.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, hi, Meta. I'm going to -- I'll start with your second question on gross margin. So I think if you think about what we've done throughout ‘22, we improved our productivity across all of our factories significantly and back to historical levels, best demonstrated levels. That's improved our gross margin. We've also raised prices and we're now sort of right side up versus inflation. So that's improved gross margin. And we've certainly taken out some costs as well. So we're able to run at a much more efficient level, even at a lower volume, in a lower volume environment. That's allowed us to hold our gross margin, and we're also managing OpEx well, so that actually helps on the operating margin line. And that's what's allowed us to increase gross margin through the year despite sales falling, and that's why we feel confident around the gross margin or operating margin or both as we go into 2024. And I apologize, can you repeat the first question?
Wendell Weeks: I understood the first question. I think what...
Meta Marshall: Yeah, just share on...
Wendell Weeks: Did our price increase lead to a disturbance of our market position. And we see no significant change in our market position as a result of our pricing actions to share more appropriately where the yen is at and where inflation is at.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Martin Yang: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking our question. First question on display. Have you ever done an analysis similar to the chart that presented optical fiber thinking of a normal trendline for display volume in relation to current weakness on retail, particularly in China? China has been weak for quite a few years now. Are we significant below the trend line if there is such a more normal retail demand?
Wendell Weeks: So, excellent question. The answer is yes, we have done those. And we'd be happy to share this. We'll put that on our list to at some point in time this year. To be a little more responsive to the specifics of your question, China is just behaving a little differently than what you would normally expect on display demand as a country goes through its development cycle. And you are right, it seems to be net underperforming. We are not counting on, in the dialogue that we've been having with you about the $3 billion spring that we have. We are not counting on China “sort of” reverting to a more traditional demand cycle. We're continuing to expect that to be relatively below trend for the foreseeable future. Does that make sense to you, Martin?
Martin Yang: Yeah, definitely. Thank you. Another question on specialty, given that the semi-exposure within specialty has been pretty strong, has that changed that segment's seasonality a little bit, where it was more exposed to smartphone cycle, and now do you think that has shifted a little bit?
Wendell Weeks: I still think that the biggest thing that drives the seasonality or the different demand in different, I don't even know what to call it, seasonality, the different demand in different quarters is major product launches. And also major product launches not only of our customers, but also of us introducing a major new category defining product. And any sort of real analysis of this sort of points to it's the product, right? So I don't know that we can over-conclude much beyond that yet, Mark.
Martin Yang: Got it. Thank you. That's all from me.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my questions, and thanks for all the color today on the call. Maybe just the way I'm interpreting your comment about the $3 billion opportunity that you have in front of you is, let's say hypothetically the markets do recover by 4Q of this year, your exit run rate on a quarterly revenue would be somewhere close to $4 billion. And maybe just help us sort of then range bound some of the sort of the revenue opportunities here in terms of if you don't see a macro improvement by the end of the year, what is sort of the exit run rate for the year if you just have the seasonal improvements that you've talked about from 1Q onwards without a material macro improvement that hopefully gives us some sense of where the potential outcomes are here in terms of exiting the year? And then a quick follow-up, I guess, Wendell you mentioned BEAD a few times and the visibility here that it starts late in 2024. One of the suppliers reporting this morning as well is pushing out some of that expectation to early 2025, saying things are looking a bit more delayed than usual, just any more color on what's sort of driving the confidence that it's more 2024 than 2025. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you. I think perhaps, my emphasis was a little wrong in talking about BEAD. We expected to start, this is what I was trying to say, it's not going to be a big mover in 2024. I think your understanding is correct. It starts to become a much bigger mover in 2025. So if I created any dissonance with that understanding that you had, I didn't mean to. I think you have a correct understanding of it. It's just that it actually, it has been not there and now it's going to be there beginning in 2024. But the bulk of it starts after that.
Ed Schlesinger: And, Samik, I'll take the first part of your question. I want to start by just talking a little bit, we did it in our prepared remarks and then a little in Q&A, on the drivers of why we grow and why we think our first quarter is the low quarter. I think in optical, as carriers continue to deplete their inventory, that will come to an end, even if they don't increase their deployment rates, which we think they will, but even if they don't, that is a good demand driver for us that will start at some point this year. Okay? In display, we talked about panel maker utilization being really low in the first quarter and needing to sort of spring up from that level quite significantly. And then in Life Sciences, we're seeing market normalization in North America and Europe and we actually started to see a little bit of that happening even in the fourth quarter, right? So those drivers, we expect to bring our run rate up significantly as we go through the year. The timing is really hard to call. And so I think sitting here today, I would not want to leave you with a specific guide for the fourth quarter or how we exit the year, but just that we believe Q1 is the low. And if we got to levels like you spoke about, okay, that'd be awesome. And we would be well on our way to that $3 billion that Wendell talked about. But even if we don't, we still feel very confident in that window of time that Wendell shared earlier. Does that help?
Samik Chatterjee: Yes, no, thank you. Thanks for the color. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Yeah, hi, good morning. Two quick ones. First, just on the FX side of it, understanding you're hedging at a lower spot rate today when you look out to ‘25 and you have some industrial options. Is there really a timing or milestone we should be looking at, at some point this year where you would know what the impact might be in 2025, be it you're doing some pricing action, you have hedging locked in, and then you might communicate what that impact would be to us?
Wendell Weeks: Yes.
Josh Spector: You're not willing to share roughly what that timing would be?
Wendell Weeks: I thought you'd take yes.
Josh Spector: I'll push a little further.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And no, we're not going to share what timing we will.
Josh Spector: All right, fair enough.
Wendell Weeks: It's too involved with our customers. I'm not being non-responsive. That's why I really do think that yes is about right. This is super important with our customers. And so we want to get that pretty well advanced and have a high confidence of where we're going to end up before we share that with our shareholders, right, so that we can make sure we're as accurate as possible. And that's -- so I'm not going to give ourselves an exact timeline, but this year, you can expect us to do that.
Josh Spector: Got it. Appreciate that. And just quickly on free cash flow, in the first quarter your guidance of up a few hundred million, it would seem that's a pretty low bar given that there was about $0.5 billion of working capital use last year and your expectation on margins are relatively flat. So are there any offsets we should be considering in the first half of the year that maybe make that a little bit less favorable from what we could see otherwise?
Ed Schlesinger: I don't think so. I think we expect to have a nice year on free cash flow for the year. Nothing specific I would call out.
Josh Spector: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Okay. We can do one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt Niknam: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. I'll keep it fairly brief. On the $3 billion incremental sales opportunity, maybe for -- a question for Ed, can you just walk us through the incremental growth and operating margins this would come in at? And is it safe to assume there's minimal incremental CapEx here? I’m just trying to understand, is this more opportunity to scale past existing OpEx or is there a gross margin accretion opportunity as well? And then this may be a more open-ended question, but on the macro relative to the last call three months ago, maybe for Wendell, any material changes in customer demand or spending plans across key verticals, i.e., what's really changed would you say, if at all, over the last three months in terms of customer demands or customer conversations you're having? Thanks.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, I'll go first, Matt, on your first question. So I'll start off with, we have the capital in place or the capacity in place to deliver the sales. So first, from a cash flow perspective, typically we would add CapEx as we add sales. So that's a positive for free cash flow as we go forward. We also have the depreciation in our P&L for those assets. And then we also have some fixed cash costs that run through our P&L to support those assets. So generally speaking, the fixed costs are already in our P&L. So you would expect our gross margin to accrete at a higher level than our current gross margin level. So that's one operating leverage point or leverage point, if you will. And then I think on OpEx, we can also grow without adding OpEx much from these levels and that creates a second leverage point for us. So that should accrete both gross margin and operating margin from our current levels, and you should start to see that as the volume comes back.
Wendell Weeks: On your question of, in our discussions with our customers, sort of what are the anecdotals, and it's a really good question because sometimes highly quantitative analysis and data points one way and anecdotal evidence points the other, right? And in those situations, that's telling you, there's dissonance there and how do we dive deeper to make sure we have the right data set and how do we create an understanding of those things that are pointing differently. In this case, what we're seeing is the anecdotals are in support of what we're seeing in our deeper analytics in our understanding of being well below our long-term trends and a need for that to revert back towards those underlying huge secular trends that drive our demand over time. So basically reinforcing the opinion of the data. And that is what we tried to reflect in what we discussed with you today.
Matt Niknam: Very helpful. Thank you both.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wendell. Thanks, Matt. Thank you everybody for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we'll be attending the Susquehanna Financial Group 13th Annual Technology Conference on March 1st and the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Conference on March 5th. In addition, we will host management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you, and operator, you can disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Three 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning. And welcome to Corning’s third quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. Third quarter GAAP EPS reflected restructuring and asset write-off charges, realized gains and unrealized non-cash mark-to-market losses on currency hedging contracts and non-cash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company’s Japanese yen denominated debt. As a reminder, mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. Today we reported our third quarter results. As expected, sales were $3.5 billion and EPS was $0.45. Gross margin expanded sequentially to 37% and free cash flow improved to $466 million. Our results demonstrate solid progress on the programs that we have put in place to increase price and improve productivity while lowering inventory. These initiatives led to improved gross margin and cash flow in the quarter despite volume coming in at the low end of our expectations in Optical Communications as carriers continue to draw down inventory and in Display Technologies as panel makers lowered utilization at the end of the quarter. Now let me share a couple of highlights for the quarter. I will start with gross margin. We drove an 80-basis-point sequential expansion to 37% on consistent sales, driven primarily by our pricing actions in Display. Additionally, if you compare the third quarter of this year to the fourth quarter of last year, when we launched our comprehensive plan, sales are down almost $200 million, yet we have expanded gross margin percent by 340 basis points. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect gross margin to be similar even with sales down sequentially. Moving to cash generation, free cash flow of $466 million grew sequentially by $156 million and grew year-over-year by $211 million, up 83% on lower sales. Our gross margin improvements and our ability to run with lower inventory levels, as well as lower CapEx levels are driving these results. Now this all leads to significantly improved free cash flow conversion and we expect to convert profit to cash at a strong rate going forward. Overall, our results in the quarter illustrate that we continue to make solid progress to reset our price and cost levels to enable an even stronger profit and cash flow cycle as our market volumes revert to mean. We also continue to demonstrate progress on our More Corning technology efforts. We extended our market leadership by collaborating with Apple to deliver durable glass with infused color, a first for any smartphone for the back of the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus devices. These devices also feature Ceramic Shield, which we collaborated on with Apple to deliver a cover material with unparalleled smartphone performance. We also recently announced Corning Viridian Vials. This new technology can improve filling line efficiency by up to 50%, while reducing vial manufacturing carbon dioxide equivalent emissions by up to 30%. And just yesterday, we announced an expanded collaboration with long-time customer AUO to accelerate the production of their industry-leading large format curved Automotive display modules using our patented ColdForm technology. Stepping back, we are on the right track, enhancing profits, improving cash generation and delivering new products that capture More Corning content opportunities, all while maintaining our leading market positions. The area that continues to be problematic is our customer demand, especially the weaker carrier sales in Optical. So although we have hit our guidance to you for 11 consecutive quarters, weak customer demand has put us consistently at the lower end of our sales expectations over the last year even as we are outperforming on price and productivity plans. More importantly, we are well below the trend line for our operations profile. We have the capacity and the capability to deliver $3 billion plus in additional sales with minimal additional cash investments. As a result, this revenue will have powerful incrementals as it returns as long as we keep our capacity and our capabilities vibrant and ready to go. So as we assess our operations profile, we ask ourselves two broad questions. Will our revenue return and when? The first question is relatively straightforward to address. We simply ask ourselves, what are the long-term trends in our markets and where are we now versus those long-term trends? And then, of course, we need to feel confident that we will win in those markets. Are we the clear market leaders with superior technology offerings, lowest cost platforms and are we advancing More Corning opportunities to increase our value capture for the same volume. So first, let’s look at the trends in our markets. We build our capacity and capabilities around long-term trends. We then modulate our operations and staffing around current volume run rates. So we must understand where our volume run rates are versus trend at all times. We do this for each of our businesses. Let me give you just one example, optical fiber as a good illustration. Here, you see industry shipments measured in fiber kilometers since the beginning of 2004. The trend line shows a 6.6% compound annual growth rate over the last decade. As you can see, the industry has been operating below trend line in the first half of 2023. Because industry shipments are reported with at least a quarter or two delay, I am going to switch to our own shipment data so that we can bring you up to real time, what we saw over the last few quarters and what we are projecting for quarter four. First thing to notice is, the trend line for our shipments has a 7.3% CAGR over the same 10-year period. We have been growing faster than the market. Now this just makes sense with everything we have shared with you about our More Corning strategy. Quarter one of 2023 was basically on track and our shipments started dropping away from the 7.3% CAGR line in quarter two and even more so in quarters three and quarter four. Currently, our shipment run rate is at least 30% below trend line. You can think about the 30% plus gap is carrying through all of our Optical revenues. Remember that fiber accounts for only a portion of our sales, we have significant value to our fiber with our cabling and connectivity solutions. So this gap to trend ripples through our entire Optical product portfolio. We feel the demand drop in our fiber sales, cable sales and equipment sales. We are confident that we will return to the long-term trend line. We believe that as customers deplete their inventories, the industry and our sales will resume growth. Just returning to trend adds more than 40% to our revenue run rate for Optical Communications. So that’s what we mean when we say we will revert to mean and fiber is just one example, we use a similar methodology for key product lines in each of our maps, Automotive, Display, Mobile Consumer Electronics and Life Sciences, all of them. are showing a gap versus long-term trend lines. Right now, because we are operating well below long-term trend lines, we see an enormous opportunity as our markets revert to mean. Now as I noted a moment ago, because we anticipate this recovery across our markets, we need to know we will win as they bounce back. Are we maintaining our leadership position in advancing opportunities to grow faster? In short, yes, are we have built a more advantaged position for 80% plus of our revenues over the last few years. We are the technology leader, as well as the lowest cost producer, and we have built more opportunities to capitalize on growth in our markets, increasing our value capture with our More Corning approach. Let’s look at a few examples. In Optical Communications, fiber optics remains the ascendant technology with growing applications in wireless, cloud computing, including AI and government efforts to connect the unconnected. Within each of these applications, we have new product innovations that will increase our revenue per installed fiber as those applications grow. We are building on our undisputed global cost and technology leadership position, along with our market leadership in North America. In Automotive, new U.S. EPA regulations go into effect starting in 2027. These new regulations force adoption of gasoline particulate filters and we are the inventor and clear market leader in GPS. We expect to see sales as early as 2026. In terms of More Corning, this adds 2 times to 3 times the content opportunity for ICE vehicles in the U.S. This means significant growth in our environmental business even in the face of global BEV adoption. In fact, we will still grow environmental sales up until BEV adoption reaches 40% of all vehicles globally and that is not forecast to happen until the next decade. Keep in mind, we have also built new revenue platforms with the successful introduction of our auto glass for interiors, which is being widely adopted in BEVs and offers hundreds of millions of dollars of growth opportunity for us. In Display, we have been and continue to be the undisputed leader in technology, quality and cost. Our successful development and capability in Gen 10.5 technology aligns with the continued move to larger size TVs with the lowest cost platforms for large displays. We continue to improve productivity, which allows us to free up assets to serve Gorilla Glass, Glass Ceramics and our growing Automotive Glass business. Finally, we continue to build entirely new product platforms that allow us to enter new categories for growth, examples include pharmaceutical packaging, automotive exterior glass for high autonomy systems and the rapidly growing opportunity to reassure U.S. solar capacity. In total, this amounts to a $3 billion plus incremental sales opportunity with minimal cash investment. Taken together, that’s why we believe our revenues will recover. The next question is when? The answer to this question is less clear. Conventional wisdom is that customer demand in telecom display, semiconductor, smartphones, tablets and notebooks, bounces back in the second half of 2024. That seems plausible to us, but rather than trying to predict the timing of the recovery, we will continue to guide one quarter at a time based on our order entry models until visibility improves. We will continue our programs to improve price, productivity and cost so that we improve profitability and cash flow despite our muted sales outlook. This serves both the purpose of providing enhanced performance near-term, and more importantly, providing a better price and cost springboard for profitability as our volume reverts to trend. Simply put, we have the ability to deliver another $3 billion plus in sales with powerful incrementals and minimal cash investments. This represents such a significant opportunity for our shareholders that will maintain this powerful platform throughout this down cycle, all while we continue to improve our near-term profitability and cash flow. This is how we are steering our way through this period and I look forward to updating you on our progress. Now I will turn the call over to Ed so we can get into the details of our results and outlook.
Ed Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, our sales were $3.5 billion, gross margin was 37%, EPS was $0.45 and free cash flow was $466 million. This was in line with our expectations. However, I want to point out that volume in both Optical Communications and Display Technologies was below our expectations. This was offset by strong sales in Specialty Materials. Our gross margin was up 80 basis points sequentially on consistent -- on sales consistent with the prior quarter and 340 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2022. Free cash flow was up $156 million sequentially and $211 million year-over-year. The increase in free cash flow was driven by improved profitability and inventory reductions. We also lowered capital expenditures in the quarter. Our improving profitability and cash, despite muted sales, demonstrates execution of our programmatic approach. Let me provide some details on our segment results. In Optical Communications, sales declined 14% sequentially to $918 million, reflecting lower order rates from carriers as they continue to draw down inventory. Net income was $91 million, down sequentially reflecting lower volumes. Looking ahead, we are not counting on improvements in our orders over the next six months. Longer term, we expect our growth to resume as customers complete the drawdown of their inventory. Additionally, we remain confident that the industry’s underlying growth drivers are intact, specifically, broadband, 5G, cloud computing and advanced AI. There are also public infrastructure investments to help connect the unconnected and bring broadband to a much larger share of the U.S. population. In Display Technologies, third quarter sales were $972 million and net income was $242 million. Volume in the quarter was lower than our expectation. Net income grew 16% sequentially, reflecting the progress on our previously announced price increases. Here’s an update on what we are seeing in the business. In line with what we told you last quarter, we are on track to achieve double-digit price increases at our customers in the second half. The impact of these complicated agreements flow through our financials in both the third and fourth quarters. These pricing actions resulted in net income margin of 25% in the third quarter, up 3 percentage points from 22% in the second quarter. On average, our customers are experiencing double-digit price increases with the majority of the impact in the third quarter. Year-over-year sales and net income were up 42% and 81%, respectively. Panel maker utilization declined as we exited the third quarter. And looking ahead to the fourth quarter, in line with industry reports, we expect panel makers to reduce utilization further from these levels and we expect the glass market and our volume to be down sequentially as much as low teens. Display industry analysts attribute the panel maker utilization decline to a wrestling match between panel makers and set makers over the significant panel price increases during 2023. This dynamic is expected to maintain a healthy supply chain exiting 2023, setting the stage for panel maker utilization to recover in the first half of 2024. However, despite lower sequential volume, we expect to maintain or improve our profitability levels in the fourth quarter as we continue to see the benefits of our pricing actions. For 2024, we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable as we expect glass supply to be balanced to demand as multiple display glass makers have announced capacity reductions earlier this year. In Specialty Materials, sales in the third quarter were $563 million, up 33% sequentially. The improvement was driven by higher Gorilla Glass sales resulting from customer product launches in the quarter, which helped offset overall end market softness and continued solid demand for semiconductor optics drove another strong quarter for Advanced Optics. Net income was $72 million, up sequentially, primarily driven by higher volume and the adoption of premium cover materials. Moving to Environmental Technologies. Sales in the third quarter were $449 million, up 6% year-over-year, driven by ongoing growth of gasoline particulate filter adoption in China, which offset expected softness in heavy-duty markets in North America. Productivity improvement actions helped net income grow faster than sales to reach $99 million, up 14% year-over-year. In Life Sciences, sales in the third quarter were $230 million, consistent with the second quarter. Sales were down year-over-year, reflecting significantly lower demand for COVID-related products in China and the impact of customers drawing down inventory. Net income increased sequentially to $13 million, driven by productivity improvement actions. Turning to Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses. Sales in the third quarter were $327 million, down 13% sequentially and 20% year-over-year, reflecting a decline in solar grade polysilicon prices and lower sales in pharmaceutical technologies as we completed the last of our volume commitments for COVID-related products in the second quarter. We are seeing continued strong demand for our solar grade polysilicon, which meets the need for a transparent, sustainable and traceable solar supply chain in the U.S. market. As a reminder, we have long-term take-or-pay contracts with our customers that have floor pricing mechanisms built in to help mitigate the impacts of spot market dynamics. Net income was a loss of $8 million, down sequentially driven by lower sales. Now let’s turn to our outlook. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales to be approximately $3.25 billion, driven by continued weak demand in Optical Communications, sequentially lower volume in our Display business, reflecting lower panel maker utilization, typical sales patterns in Specialty Materials following significant customer product launches in the third quarter and the possibility that the labor issues in the automotive industry could impact our Automotive business more in the fourth quarter than it did in the third quarter. We remain focused on our actions to improve profitability and cash flow during this low volume period. As a result of our continued execution we expect to deliver another quarter of strong free cash flow and a gross margin percentage similar to the third quarter despite lower sequential sales. We expect EPS of $0.37 to $0.42. Before I wrap up, I’d like to reiterate our commitment to strong financial discipline. We are maintaining a strong and efficient balance sheet. For example, we have one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is approximately 25 years with only a little more than $1 billion in debt coming due in the next five years and we have no significant debt coming due in any given year. Let me leave you with a few final thoughts. In the near-term, we will continue our focus on improving profitability and cash flow despite the muted sales outlook for the quarter. At the same time, we will -- we remain well positioned to capture significant additional sales with minimal cash investment and longer term we remain confident in our ability to outperform our markets as they recover and to grow beyond prior peak sales run rates with strong incremental leverage. I look forward to updating you on our progress. Now I will turn things back over to Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Ed. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citi. Your line is now open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you. If I could just dive a bit on Display and I apologize to jumped on the call later, I had another call at the same time. But if you can just talk to us a little bit about how you kind of see the Display environment improving in the -- as you guys look ahead, not just the fourth quarter, but due to 2024 as well and how we should think about the margin trajectory there? Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Hi, Asiya. So a couple of things. So, first of all, as we talked about our price increases taking effect here in the back half of 2023. So that obviously improves our profitability in this space and we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable as we go into 2024. We talked about some glass makers taking capacity offline, which helps to keep supply and demand in balance. What we are seeing in the -- with respect to volume and panel maker utilization at the end of Q3 and in Q4, we view that as improving as we go into 2024. So we would say that the volume environment improves in 2024, the glass volume environment improves in 2024 as well. Does that answer your question?
Asiya Merchant: Yeah. And if I may just...
Ann Nicholson: On the fourth quarter, I know there’s been some discussion on panel made utilization coming lower, but I am not -- I just wanted to reconcile that with your comments that the panel maker utilization will increase as you kind of look ahead.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. We think that what’s happening in the fourth quarter is a temporary situation as panel makers and set makers work through their pricing environment. As you know, panel prices have increased throughout 2023. That said, we think the inventory levels, we exit the year with healthy inventory levels and retail doesn’t really have to improve for panel maker utilization to go up at some point in 2024, we think that’s relatively early in the year.
Asiya Merchant: Got it. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Martin Yang: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. On Display, do you feel that you have achieved what you set out to regarding pricing increase with your customers and do you expect additional benefits in 4Q from the price -- pricing change relative to 3Q?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. So we are -- these are super complicated agreements, okay? But fundamentally we are going to exit, we are going to have double-digit price increases as we flow through this back half. There will be further enhancement as we go into Q4. And all the dynamic that’s going on in our guide is we are also expecting panel maker utilization, which started to lower as we exited quarter three, we are expecting that to be pretty low through the quarter as sort of panel makers and set makers wrestle around pricing themselves and so that’s going to drive our volume down sequentially in quarter four. But we feel very good about the reset of the price and so we will continue to see those benefits in our profitability.
Martin Yang: Thank you, Wendell. I have another question relating to Display and Automotive. I think the agreement you have, are new customers as AUO for ColdForm technology is an interesting one as AUO itself acquired a Tier 1 supplier recently in Automotive. Maybe can you talk about the cost and effect there is Corning having a bigger presence in Automotive triggered the AUO due the same or AUO’s entry into Automotive led to a deeper collaboration between Corning and AUO Automotive Glass.
Wendell Weeks: Just because of the time cycles involved in materials development of our type of innovations, we start earlier, right? And then to have something novel like ColdForm just takes longer, right? What you are seeing is a lot of our long-term customers in Display are now looking to how do I apply those technology platforms to new areas. And what we have been able to do is help bridge them using our ColdForm technology and the strong access we have with Automotive players, right, to be able to bridge those long time customers to new market opportunities for them, all while they are sort of executing their move forward to add a lot more value to their Display Tech. I think it’s a great example of AUO, like intellects is another [ph], right, where some of these Taiwanese based players as they face the growing competition from the new big Gen 10.5 plants that we facilitated in China, they are finding good ways to use their capacity and their capabilities to enter the Automotive stack.
Martin Yang: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe a question just on the Optical business and just whether there’s any different trends between kind of your service provider customers and cloud customers, because kind of the 30% cutback in Q4 would be even more extreme, given the offsets of kind of cloud customers staying consistent. So I just want to get a sense of, is that trend line even more severe if you were just to take the service providers versus cloud customers? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: The simplest way to answer that is yes.
Meta Marshall: And so maybe just any trends on the cloud customers would be helpful this quarter?
Wendell Weeks: 30% gap versus our long-term trend lines, that includes sort of what’s going on in cloud and so does our run rate, right, and the other apps. So, yes, that is giving you -- you have a good understanding that the gap in that one area is even more dramatic than the 30% gap we are showing you in total.
Meta Marshall: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Is that what you were asking?
Meta Marshall: Yeah. I mean that is kind of the point, but I guess, I am just trying to get a sense that cloud customers are not pulling back as severely as well. There’s nothing we should be noting on the cloud customers as well?
Wendell Weeks: Not that we are seeing. Now remember, cloud went through their own cycle sort of during the pandemic, right, and then adjusting to what they have to do with their value chains. And they are struggling now -- not struggling, but the reaming a lot of their CapEx is being aimed to do a large language model training and that basically adds a second network on the back end, adds even more fiber optic connections. So we have yet to start experiencing the rapid growth that, that represents in our run rate, right? But cloud has been pretty stable.
Meta Marshall: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt Niknam: Hey. Thank you for taking the question. Just one high level one and then one follow-up on Optical. First, from a high level, I mean, obviously, it sounds like you have got significant conviction in the longer term outlook. I mean, with that in mind, how do you think about the potential for accelerating share buybacks given where valuation sits today. And then just to go back to Optical, I am just wondering if you can talk to what sort of visibility you have into next year, particularly as we are sort of in a higher for longer interest rate environment. It would seem that although we have seen a 7% CAGR over the last decade, if we are, in fact, in a different rate dynamic, it may actually temper a lot of the enthusiasm relative to what we had seen a couple of years ago from some of your larger service providers. So just curious on any visibility into 2024 there? Thanks.
Ed Schlesinger: Hey, Matt. This is Ed. I will take a first question. So, first of all, the most important thing for us has been focused on improving our profitability and cash flow, obviously, if we improve our profit, that also improves our cash flow and I think we have done a nice job of that over the last several quarters. Our cash flow conversion was up nicely in Q2 and Q3 and we expect it to be up again here in Q4. So I think that’s first things first. And then I think if you remember back earlier this year, we made the last payment to Samsung on the buyback we did back in 2021. So as we go forward, we will certainly have more firepower to do things like share buybacks. We haven’t need any announcements. So we will come back and we will talk a little bit more about our plans next year, but I think you should feel good about where we are from a balance sheet and a cash flow perspective.
Wendell Weeks: I will take part two, I just want to add a little bit to Ed’s answer to part one. We get that $3 billion plus revenue run rate back. Our shareholders are going to have a lot of fun. The incrementals on that are going to be really, really stunning, because they don’t take much additional cash investment, it’s really minimal, right? And because of our operating leverage, we are going to like that and we are going to have a ton of flexibility to do capital allocation that favors our shareholders. So does that make sense to you Matt before I jump to Opto visibility?
Matt Niknam: It does. It does. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. So Opto visibility, it’s a great question. We are in the midst of our -- a detailed process with each and every one of our major carrier customers, just trying to figure out the answer to just that, right? What exactly are your deployments, what are your deployment plans, let’s roll that forward sort of quarter-by-quarter detail-by-detail. Because of the privileged position that we have, they are willing to work with us at that level of detail. That is not complete yet. When it’s complete, that will improve our visibility in that segment of our revenues. So more to come, I don’t have the answer right now, but more to come. As you step back from that, which is really answering the question of when exactly does it return, right? Next year though. Will we return to trend? We are highly convicted. You saw what those trend lines are. We showed you over the last 10 years. I can go back 20 years. I can go back 30 years, right? We can keep going back, and you will see that trend line, right, because basically, that’s what you see when you have an ascendant technology. We just keep entering markets with S-curves as fiber optics becomes the more economical way, as photons become more economical than electrons as bandwidth distance economics change and as more bandwidth goes up over shorter distances, basically more fiber goes in and that’s why you see those type of long-term technology trend line. So will it return to trend? Absolutely, we are seeing Optics actually enter strongly markets that hasn’t been before, right? And like wireless and we are seeing new applications like generative AI, which you need more fiber optic connections, right, for a given sort of compute power. So we feel good about the long-term trends. When? We are still working on it, Matt.
Matt Niknam: Appreciate it. Thank you both.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Wendell, appreciate the charts and your comments on long-term trends in Optical, but you are calling out inventory digestion right now across cloud, and so clearly, that implies there was an inventory buildup. So your trend lines through 1Q 2023 embed some over shipment as well and I understand that’s true even in historical cycles. But why do you think that the mean reversion wouldn’t mean a lower steady state level, for instance, I think, in the PC market as an analogy, people thought $250 million was sustainably going to $300 million to $350 million and now we are back to $250 million and growing at low singles. So I am just kind of curious as to whether you think that there is a reset that happens to a lower level given, perhaps, overbuild over a longer period of time? And I have a follow-up.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. So first, where we are seeing the inventory draw down right now is primarily the carriers. I think you said cloud, but I think it’s just misspoke. It’s in carriers where we are seeing the drawdown occur, okay? Cloud is operating now more in balance. Does that make sense to you?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. Good. So what drives those trend lines is, you are right, you would see that through the industry, it dipped above the line in 2022 and then you are seeing that adjustment below the line now, right? And you will see that throughout the entire time cycle and you are just looking at the fit against that, that gives you the CAGR. And what actually makes up that will always be sort of slightly different pieces of the network will be being built out at one point in time or another. We don’t see anything that is reducing the application space for fiber. Everything we are seeing is increasing the application space for fiber, right? And that’s just because rates, right, so I think line rates of how much bandwidth you need is going up. And that’s across even short distances in places like hyperscale cloud, right? And because of that, you are seeing from a technology perspective, links which used to be copper or low fiber count, okay, become high fiber count all optical. And even going down to now our latest technology work, you see glass packaging, right, to be able to get right from the ASIC to optics as fast as possible, mainly because that’s the most economical way to handle that communications to get to photon as quick as possible and we see this in market after market. So I don’t see a collapsing market opportunity, I see a growing market opportunity and that’s what drives those long-term CAGRs. So I would -- that’s how we think about it. To your notebooks and PCs, I mean that’s an interesting analogy. We could have done that market here because we track that. Our CAGRs, right, would have had that surge up, but we would have integrated the decades of experience we have in notebooks would have taken our forward projection rather than the -- what it did rather than the towards long-term at 300 basing [ph] 350. We would have been because of the way these trend lines work, we would have been well below because you don’t have enough cumulative time at that 300 level, the 350 level to offset all that time that you have had well below that. Does that make sense to you?
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah. Yeah. It does, Wendell. I appreciate the color. I guess as a follow-up in the spirit of looking at the long-term here.
Wendell Weeks: Please do.
Wamsi Mohan: On the yen, if you look beyond 2024, can you give us some sense of how much exposure is hedged and at what level, given that we are back at sort of the 150 level again? And just curious if you could give out some color on sort of maybe just beyond 2024, looking at 2025, 2026, what percent and at what level you might be hedged at? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So right now and I think did last quarter or maybe the quarter before, we are hedged through the end of next year, right? And beyond that, right, we have -- we don’t have a significant amount of hedge in that time period. Ed, would you like to add?
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Two other things, Wamsi, that I would add. One, we recently raised price in Display. That’s one way for us to address the yen. We are going to certainly readdress that or rethink about that as we go into 2024. And then, secondly, given the large differential in interest rates between Japan and the United States, there’s a pretty steep forward curve yen. So if you go out a year, it’s about ¥6. So you go out another year, it’s about ¥12 and so on. So just as you think about the rate that’s out there, it’s not the 150, it’s really the forward rate that matters to us because we could actually hedge at that rate right now. So the average over the next five years is below 130…
Wendell Weeks: Yes.
Ed Schlesinger: … versus if you think about the rate yen in total being at 150. I just wanted to point that out.
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah. But it’s going to lowest [ph]. Thanks, Ed.
Wendell Weeks: So that gives you an idea of the sort of ceiling on our exposure is what would be the average rate sort of post 2024 if we reestablish long-term hedging programs. And what we are trying to do is sort of balance to see we believe that there will be an opportunity, because of the way in which the currency markets work to be able to put in place more long-term hedges at rates we like. If that doesn’t happen, we will institute an industrial fix, meaning price increase so that we maintain strong returns in this business for our shareholders and that’s the way we tend to think of it. It will either solve relatively easily in the currency markets in the timeframe or will -- to an industrial solution, the first step of which you just saw this year.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisor. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. Wendell, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about some of the comments you made around the new revenue platforms and also some of the cyclicality in the business from two aspects. One, it seems like thinking about your comments that as you have instituted more technology, more value add into some of your served markets, you have created more cyclicality as well. I wonder if you would agree with that. And then, secondly, from my perspective, it seems like the $3 billion has somewhat disappointed over the last few years and especially as you think about how dynamics are changing maybe around demand for some of your COVID products, et cetera. Is it time to maybe look at that $3 billion and even though it has a lot of leverage, maybe pair back some of those products or see if they are better off in other places or with other companies? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Steve, I think that’s a really good question. First, I want to make sure we are clear and we will follow up with you more. For us, the huge bulk of that $3 billion is not in new platforms, okay?
Steven Fox: Okay.
Wendell Weeks: That’s just in like fiber optics and some of the new products in it, regaining 40% growth to trend line, it’s just like Display getting back to trend line. It’s Automotive getting back to trend line. So it’s the products you know and love, Steven, right, that you have been driving through your models for a long time, right? That is the stuff that is well below trend and that is the lion share of the $3 billion, right?
Steven Fox: Okay.
Wendell Weeks: So the new platforms, which you speak, are a pretty small amount, right, of that gainer, right? And for those, I think, what we do is, as we have learned different things, we change our profile. So whether it’s a pharmaceutical packaging, where we pivoted everything to serve COVID because we thought that was good for the world, right? Government funded a free plan for our shareholders, fine, right? Customers signed up to long-term take or pays, which we just completed sort of that take-or-pay process in quarter two for some of those things we signed up for to help deliver those lifesaving vaccines. And then we are saying, okay, so what do we pivot towards now and then we go to what’s an asset-light strategy there and that’s why we are opening up the technology stack and being able to enable other players in the industry, some of our competitors or some people like West, right, to sort of use our tech and then we return to our shareholders through a variety of mechanisms, everything from sort of licensing to go-to-market models that end up with us still capturing. So we will do that in each of these. We are always adjusting to what we see as the opportunity without doubt, as we go through this down cycle on revenues, it’s significantly increases the skepticism, which we bring to new opportunities, right? So I think in that way, your concept is right and we will do that. But I think the thing where we are going to need to flush out for you more is it’s not those areas, it’s the $3 billion. It’s just -- that’s just getting back to run rate. We have demonstrated on products and people consume every day, okay? That makes sense to you, Steve?
Steven Fox: Yeah. It does. You answered everything except for the one question on just sort of the cyclicality of the business now…
Wendell Weeks: Oh! Got you.
Steven Fox: …your current stack?
Wendell Weeks: I started to think about that at the moment, you said it. It’s super interesting, because like let’s stay on fiber, given that we are adding so much more value now for fiber tip than we did, right? So therefore, when they go down, we -- when we lose a fiber tip now, it causes more revenue fall off than it used to when we were just a fiber maker.
Steven Fox: Right.
Wendell Weeks: I think that’s true. At the same time, the baseline is bigger, right? So I don’t know if it increases cyclicality. Let me think about that mathematically myself or Jeff and you have got me curious. Let me do a little bit of quantitative work and we will get back to you, Steven.
Steven Fox: Great. Appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: And one other quick thing to add on this, Steven, because one as you know, what we have done to try to fix volatility of technology substitution curves is, we take and spread across multiple markets our three core technologies and our four manufacturing engineering platforms. In that way, it sort of any given point in time, markets that don’t move together, right, think like people don’t consume smartphones related to their COVID-19 vaccination rates, right? They don’t move together or cell and gene therapy doesn’t move with buying large-size televisions, right? So even though they use some of those same core technologies we have. And one of the things, so we get a balancing effect to offset some of that cyclicality and volatility. What happened during COVID, so in general, if you were to look at over time, what we have built is, if you think about correlation as being like negative one be negatively correlated, zero would be not correlated at all and one being highly correlated, you move the same direction. We have gotten our correlation to be down to like, I don’t know, 1.7 or so. So really relatively uncorrelated, which helps with that volatility. Then what happened in the pandemic as the pandemic sort of forced correlated a bunch of our markets that for different reasons, it don’t have a lot to do with each other and our correlation levels started to get 0.7, right? So highly correlated. And so that is -- so we are seeing our markets which should be diversification effects before it’s correlated by the pandemic and what’s happened after. The good news here is we are starting to see them get non-correlated again. So we are starting to see that go back to historical patterns. Now if you ask me which one I would choose reverting to mean on the absolute level of revenues or reverting to mean on our level of diversification? I choose more revenue, but we are already seeing the progress on sort of what should be our long-term effects of dampening of volatility. That was more than…
Steven Fox: Okay.
Wendell Weeks: … you wanted to know, isn’t it?
Steven Fox: No. No. That’s really interesting. That gave me a list of thought to…
Wendell Weeks: Yeah.
Steven Fox: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Steve. We will take one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. So just as you think about your, I guess, pent-up revenue potential here, that $3 billion, depending on when that comes back, maybe it’s one year to three years depending on kind of how strong or weak the macro is, how do you think about your capital investment in light of that? You need to invest as much as you have over the last few years or is this a chance for you to step back on that and that markets tighten before you think about growth in that?
Wendell Weeks: I will start and then Ed can go after me, right? That’s why we use the term minimal cash investment, right? We have got in place the capabilities and the capacity we need to support that $3 billion, right? So we do believe that you should see very muted CapEx and very high free cash flow conversion. But Ed, why don’t you add?
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. I would agree and I would say you are starting to see our capital spending coming down right now, you will continue to see that come down as we go through the fourth quarter and into next year as we finish up some of the things that we have been working on. So I agree with Wendell that we can support that and if there’s something new that’s not in that or something beyond that, we will talk about it with you all with respect to capital. But I think you can think of our conversion as being better than it has been over the last period of time, a couple of years.
Wendell Weeks: And what we are -- you are looking at here is, again, it’s very unusual, which is sort of weird cycle with the pandemic and post-pandemic times is, I can’t think of a time, right, where we had the opportunity to generate as much revenue with capability sets that we have got ready to go in such a fast time period. I mean it’s -- so the incrementals here, they are a lot of set new records for us. That’s what we are going to be seeking to do and that’s the balance we are seeking to strike as we adjust to the run rate of today, we want to maintain that opportunity, because the power of that to create value for our shareholders is really, really powerful and interesting.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Wendell. Thank you, Josh. I will wrap up for today. Thank you for joining us. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that we will be attending the UBS Technology Conference on November 28th. Thank you, Josh. Additionally, we will host management visits to investor offices in select cities. And finally, a web replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Operator, that concludes our call. You can disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 2 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning's second quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the second quarter, the difference between GAAP and core EPS stemmed primarily from restructuring charges and from non-cash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company's currency hedging contracts and Japanese-yen-denominated debt. In total, these increased core earnings in the second quarter by $19 million. As a reminder, the mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. Today, we reported second quarter results to demonstrate strong progress on the priorities we've outlined to improve profitability and cash flow in the current weak end market environment. Sales were $3.5 billion. EPS was $0.45. Gross margin and operating margin increased sequentially to 36.2% and 17.5%, respectively; and free cash flow improved to $310 million. Ed will give you the details on each of these in just a few minutes. Our results reflect solid execution on our plan to deliver financial and operational improvements in response to the significant after effects of the pandemic still rippling across the global economy. Now we've been discussing this plan with you for several quarters. So, let me just briefly recap the primary factors we've been addressing. For one, supply chain disruptions caused higher logistics, freight and input costs. Additionally, inflation led to interest rate hikes than a spike in the U.S. dollar. And consumers shifted spending from goods to services as the pandemic abated. Against this backdrop, demand grew below historic trends in end markets that constitute the vast majority of our sales. Further, as supply chains started to normalize again over the last year, our customers began to drawdown inventory facilitate their transition from just in case, back to their typical just-in-time approach. Consequently, we're seeing a synchronization of lower sales across our portfolio that is highly unusual. Now this is because while our three core technologies and four manufacturing platforms do apply to all of our markets, the demand drivers in the different markets we serve are fundamentally uncorrelated. TV sales don't move with Automotive production. The Life Sciences market isn't correlated with fiber optic deployments and so on. Over the past several quarters, I've noted how all the factors I just outlined have taken a toll on profits and cash. And that's why we introduced a comprehensive plan to improve both profitability and cash flow at our current sales run rate, while also innovating to generate additional near and longer term revenue streams. I would like to now walk you through the elements of our plan and the strong results we're delivering. We're taking pricing actions. Most recently in Display, we expect these actions will contribute to overall profitability improvement in the third quarter. We've reduced our staffing levels to align with demand, and we are returning our productivity ratios to historic levels. And we're bringing inventory down across the company, because we no longer require buffer inventory and supply chains are improving. These sets of actions are delivering the intended results. In the first quarter, we improved gross margin by 160 basis points. And in the second quarter, we improved by another 100 basis points. Collectively, we've improved gross margin by 260 basis points to 36.2% versus where we ended 2022. As I said earlier, we also improved our free cash flow to $310 million in the quarter. As we move into the second half, we're not counting on a strong recovery in our end markets or a significant increase in our sales, but we do expect our profitability and cash generation to continue going up. Importantly, our actions will further improve profitability and cash generation when our markets recover. Our volume returns, and our sales increase. The products and services we enable smartphones, cars, TVs, broadband. These are central to many facets of daily life. So, we're confident that volume in our markets will recover to historical trend lines. In Display, for example, we believe the volume recovery has already begun. When we last spoke, panel makers had started to increase utilization at the end of the first quarter. Improvement continued in the second quarter, and we grew sales more than 20% sequentially, driven by higher volume. When we couple this volume return with the Display pricing actions I mentioned earlier, we expect to show additional profitability improvement in the third quarter. Now our goal is to return Display pre-pandemic profitability levels as we exit the third quarter. Let me now turn to how we intend to increase our profitability and grow our sales beyond our pre-pandemic run rates. Across our markets, we expect demand to normalize and our volume to return. As we drive more Corning content into those markets, we will further increase our profit as we create additional revenue streams. Now here are just a few exciting examples of More Corning innovations that are arriving in the near-term.  In Optical Communications, leaders in large language models are building data centers with what is essentially a second optical network, which is increasing connectivity by up to five times within individual data centers. So, we're commercializing a Gen 2, high-density, high-value optical interconnect system designed to enable the requirements and capture growth driven by AI. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we're launching two products this fall and next year, featuring innovations that significantly increase our value per device. In Automotive, we continue to increase the amount of Corning content in vehicles across the industry, as we pursue our $100 per car content opportunity. We recently commercialized a solution in our auto glass exterior business that takes a significant step to achieving this goal in electric vehicles. And for ICE vehicles, adoption of our gasoline particulate filter technology is now expanding to India. And the U.S. EPA has proposed regulations that would boost our content in the very large domestic market. In Life Sciences, we just launched Viridian Vials to address the growing need for sustainable products in the pharmaceutical supply chain. Viridian cuts the CO2 emissions from vial manufacturing by about a third and reduces glass by 20%, all while improving filling line efficiency by 50%. We're expanding our collaboration with West Pharmaceuticals, a leader in drug packaging to accelerate adoption. Now these are just a few examples of innovations and new product sets that you can expect to see in the near-term. Additionally, we're scaling our Solar business, which we expect to add hundreds of millions of dollars in annual profits and cash flow beginning in a couple of years. We expect all of these opportunities to further increase our profits as we create additional revenue streams across our markets. Whether it's in automotive, cloud computing, broadband, 5G, solar, pharmaceutical packaging, next-generation displays and cover materials, augmented reality or semiconductors, our role in key secular trends is material and compelling. We've built a robust opportunity set that will drive durable long-term growth. So, before I turn things over to Ed, here's what I'd like to leave you with today. The world is working through some significant after effects of the pandemic, and they're not trivial for our company. Our approach in this environment is not the count on conditions in our end markets or our sales improving significantly from the second quarter. And that's why we're guiding based on our current order rates. When we see our orders increase, will reflect these developments in operating plans and, of course, our guidance. For now, Corning is executing well on a comprehensive plan to improve profitability and cash flow throughout this low-volume period and to emerge stronger. Our efforts are already demonstrating significant results. In the first half of the year, we improved profitability and cash flow despite lower sales. Even in a muted sales environment, our pricing and productivity actions will continue to drive improvement in the second half. At the same time, our More Corning approach is driving new product launches that will create additional revenue streams. Altogether, as our end markets recover and our volume returns to historic levels, we're positioned to deliver improved profitability and cash flow with significant operating leverage on sales that will grow faster than our markets. In total, we feel good about execution. We're taking the right steps to improve our performance today and further improve our results when volume returns. And I look forward to updating you on our progress. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ed, so he can get into the details of our results and outlook. Ed?
Edward Schlesinger: All right. Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. As expected, in the second quarter, we improved profitability and cash flow in an overall weak demand environment. Second quarter sales were $3.5 billion, up 3% sequentially. EPS was $0.45, increasing $0.04 from the prior quarter. Gross margin and operating margin increased sequentially by 100 basis points to 36.2% and 200 basis points to 17.5%, respectively, reflecting progress on our pricing and productivity improvement actions. These results demonstrate the progress on and benefits from our comprehensive approach to improve profitability and cash flow, including continued actions to offset inflationary costs, return productivity levels to -- return productivity ratios to historical levels and reduce inventory. Now, let's turn to our segment results. Let me start with Optical Communications. I shared with you back in May that we were not seeing the typical seasonal uptick in our orders. Near-term demand for passive optical network products remains weak. And as the quarter progressed, orders came in at the low-end of our expectations. As a result, sales in the second quarter were $1.66 billion, down 5% sequentially and 19% year-over-year. As I'm sure you're hearing across the industry, carriers and enterprise operators are pushing projects into 2024 due to high inflation and rising interest rates. For now, we are sizing our operational plans based on the orders in our books. Net income was $140 million, down 12% sequentially and 23% year-over-year. The decline on lower volume was moderated by productivity improvements, as I shared in the first quarter. We raised price in this segment to more appropriately share inflationary costs with customers. While the demand for passive optical network products remains weak, longer term, we remain confident that the industry's underlying growth drivers are intact. We're pursuing four significant secular trends: broadband, 5G, the cloud, and the paradigm shift in computation necessary to train large language models and other advanced AI. We've got major innovation programs underway for each category. And our connectivity solutions offer economic advantages for a broader range of customers than ever before. And demand for optical networks is strongly supported by trends in computation as well by private and public infrastructure investments to help connect the unconnected and bring broadband to a much larger share of the population. Turning to Display Technologies. Sales in second quarter were $928 million, up 22% sequentially and 6% year-over-year. Net income was $208 million, up 30% sequentially, primarily driven by higher volume. Second quarter panel maker utilization played out in line with the expectations I described three months ago. After reaching historic lows in 2022 and as recently as January, panel maker utilization has increased consistently, driving significant sequential volume increases. We believe that the display industry recovery is underway. Now let me update you on what has happened since our display price increase announcement in May. Since then, we've engaged with our customers and they understand our need to offset elevated costs. We expect to finalize agreements for double-digit price increases that will begin to go into effect in the third quarter. We expect our profitability to improve and to return pre-pandemic levels as we exit the quarter. Moving to Specialty Materials. Second quarter sales were down 13% year-over-year. This reflects continued end market softness. Sales increased 4% sequentially on higher Gorilla Glass sales. Net income was $33 million, down 15% sequentially, impacted by continued development costs for new product launches. Looking ahead, we believe that there are new innovation opportunities for us in emerging trends like augmented reality, vendable devices and AI that will extend our More Corning opportunities far into the future. For example, our world-leading optical materials and systems in our advanced optics business power EUV lithography technology. We enable the manufacturing of smaller, faster, more powerful chips, including GPUs. Global AI initiatives are accelerating demand for GPUs and for our EUV related products. In Environmental Technologies, second quarter sales were $457 million, up 6% sequentially and 28% year-over-year. Net income increased to $107 million on stronger sales and improved productivity. In Automotive, our sales were up 8% sequentially driven by the ramp of GPF sales in China based on regulations that are now in effect. We do not expect to see this level of GPF sales in in China the third quarter. Auto production levels remained steady quarter-over-quarter in North America and Europe. Year-over-year, our Automotive sales were up 40%, driven by the GPF ramp in China that I just mentioned and versus low auto sales in China during the 2022 COVID shutdowns and 2022 supply chain issues for automakers globally. In diesel, our sales were up 13% year-over-year, driven by heavy-duty demand in North America and Europe, which more than offset languishing demand in China. Turning to Life Sciences. Second quarter sales were $231 million, down 10% sequentially and 26% year-over-year. Both the sequential and year-over-year sales declines resulted from lower demand for COVID-related products in China and by customers continuing to drawdown inventory. Net income increased sequentially to $11 million with productivity improvements more than offsetting lower sales. We expect our sales and profitability to improve as the industry corrects and as we continue to restore productivity ratios back to pre-pandemic levels. Finally, in Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses, sales in the second quarter were $377 million consistent with the first quarter. Sales were down 10% year-over-year partly associated with a decline in solar-grade polysilicon spot prices. We are seeing continued strong demand for solar-grade polysilicon required to meet the need for a transparent, sustainable and traceable solar supply chain in the U.S. market. And we have long-term take-or-pay contracts with our customers that have floor price mechanisms built in to help mitigate the impacts of spot market dynamics. Net income increased sequentially to $26 million, up 4% year-over-year, driven by productivity improvements. Now let me spend a minute on our outlook for the third quarter. As we've been sharing with you, we are planning our operations based on our current order run rate. And we're continuing to take pricing and productivity actions to improve profitability and cash flow. We're adopting the same philosophy for our guidance. Based on our current order run rate, we expect our sales to come in roughly in line with quarter 2, approximately $3.5 billion. Orders begin to increase, we'll let you know. On roughly flat total company sales, we expect improved profitability and cash flow. We expect EPS to come in about the same or slightly better than the second quarter, and this factors in sequentially higher interest expense and a slightly higher tax rate. Of course, there are differing dynamics in each of our businesses. At a high level, we expect improvements in Display and Specialty Materials to be offset by declines in Optical Communications, driven by the dynamics I previously mentioned as well as declines in Environmental where we expect lower sales for GPF in China as the ramp is largely complete, and we expect lower demand for heavy duty. We continue to expect 2023 full year capital expenditures to be slightly lower than 2022. Now, I'd like wrap up with a few key takeaways. As CFO, I am pleased with our execution on many dimensions. Our second quarter results demonstrate the benefits of our comprehensive approach to address after effects of the pandemic. We're sharing inflationary costs with our customers. We're returning our productivity ratios to pre-pandemic levels, and we are on track to normalize inventory. Additionally, we're undertaking initiatives to capture our next wave of growth opportunities. In the near-term, to enhance shareholder value we remain focused on improving cash flow and profitability in the second half even at our current sales run rate, and advancing innovations to outperform our end markets. We're seeing the recovery play out in Display, and we expect to see it play out across our other markets, because the underlying fundamental drivers remain intact. Longer term, we are well-positioned to continue capturing growth tied to key secular trends and expect grow faster than our markets driven by our More Corning approach. So, I look forward to updating you on our progress. Now, I'll turn things back over to Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks Ed. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess maybe if I can get your insights and what you're seeing in the market rate to optical, which you're guiding down sequentially into the third quarter. Have you seen more incremental weakness given we've seen certainly telcos pulled back on spending a bit more? Or as you sort of look think of -- look at your 3Q guidance is being driven by both telcos and enterprise? And just a quick second part there. I mean, any discovery discussions in terms of what this lead cable replacement opportunity or whether it's an opportunity as well for Corning in the long run? Thank you.
Edward Schlesinger: Hi, Samik. I appreciate the question. So, I think we're going to go back to what we said a little bit as we shared our perspective on the second quarter. When we were together in May, I talked mostly about us not seeing an inflection in our order rates and that was driving how we saw the second quarter playing out. Normally, we would have a pretty big seasonal uptick in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. As it turned out, our orders were actually even lower than we thought at that time, and therefore, the second quarter came in down from the first quarter and we're guiding the third quarter to be down sequentially again, and that's primarily driven by what we're seeing in our order book. I think that's the best way for us to describe the way we see the optical market playing out versus what might happen in the future. For sure, as you hear and see in the industry, we're seeing it in both the carrier and the enterprise space, customers are pushing projects out into 2024.
Samik Chatterjee: Any thoughts on the lead cable replacement opportunity, whether you see that as an opportunity?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I'll do both. I'll add a little to Ed's and then talk briefly about the lead cables. So, I think the way we think -- the right way to think about how we're approaching demand in our optical market is our historic models that we would normally use to predict future revenue streams from what we're experiencing in one quarter to be able to build out a year plan. And our direct customer inputs on their plans for the year haven't have proven to not be as reliable as we like. And so, what you're really seeing in our guide is really a shift in our operating philosophy, which is we're going to plan our operations based on what we see in our order book, and we're going to improve our productivity to historic rates based on that broad load and we're going to increase our prices and carry the appropriate inventory so that our profitability and cash flow is going to increase in a very reliable manner despite the lower sales volume. And so that's all you're really seeing in our guide. We're just carrying our operating philosophy forward to our guide. As to lead cables, make a complicated issue. The good news is, is the glass is entirely inert to the environment and is better, lower cost, all the things that make it the right side of the secular trend would mean that this is why it's an ascendant technology on really every metric you can name. But I have no further insight to offer on the lead cable problem or opportunity.
Samik Chatterjee: Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. You noted that the pricing negotiations you're already starting to see traction on those. I just wanted to kind of get more detail there. Is this being accompanied by long-term supply agreements? Just how should we think about share in terms of kind of how these pricing increases impact revenue? Just -- I realize they're probably all not done, but any additional commentary there would be helpful. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, Meta. I think you're right on all the dimensions, right? This price increase is a very significant and complicated strategy move that is done in a backdrop, as most of our businesses are on well-established long-term agreements. Yet, we are redoing the value proposition between ourselves and our customers. So, it's complicated. So, the good news is it's progressing well. Our customers understand our need to offset elevated cost. We expect to successfully execute a double-digit price increase in the third quarter and do so in a manner that does not negatively impact our market share. So…
Meta Marshall: Great.
Wendell Weeks: hat's very significant and compelling. Now this also leaves -- I also understand the challenge in modeling, like specialized strategic move, especially in the backdrop of what's going on in the end markets. So, let me just share for a moment the way we way we think about it. The think about the financials is that what we're seeking to do is to return Display profitability, sort of think NPAT percent of sales, right, how much net income -- was the percent of net income on top of our sales revenue back to the historic levels in mid to high 20s. And we've been operating the past year closer to 20%. Now we expect to hit that level of profitability as we exit the third quarter. So that's the way we tend to think about the financial modeling. Is that helpful Meta?
Meta Marshall: Yes. That's helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citi. Your line is now open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you. Thanks for the incremental color, Wendell and Ed. In terms of returning the business back to sort of pre-pandemic levels, how much confidence that you have that this is something that could possibly maybe happen during 2024? Or is it the first part 2024? Is it the end of 2023? Do you guys have any more visibility into how we should think about as we exit this year into 2023 and into 2024 based on discussions with your customers right now? And if you could provide some color by segment, that would be even more helpful. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Can I ask a clarifying question? Are you speaking about Display or the broader company? Just so I can make sure I answer your questions specifically.
Asiya Merchant: We could start with Display because it seems like optical -- there is some weakness and then Specialty if you guys can talk about what you see in the back half, but it was more a broader commentary as well about confidence in getting to kind of pre-pandemic levels of profitability as we exit as we exit 2023 and into 2024.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. Great. So, let me start with Display and then I'll have Ed add some color on the total company. So, in Display, we expect to return to pre-pandemic levels this year as we exit Q3. And then, we would expect that level of profitability, what our plan is, is that we'll continue to carry forward into next year. Is that -- does that address your question on Display?
Asiya Merchant: That’s very clear.
Wendell Weeks: Okay.
Asiya Merchant: Yeah.
Wendell Weeks: Good. Ed, do you want to speak the…
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. Sure. I'll build on Wendell's comments. Thanks Asiya. So, first, I want to sort of start with where we are in Q2. If you think about where our gross margin and operating margin in Q2 are, we've made a significant move up from where we were at the end of the year. Gross margin at 36%, operating margin at about 17.5%. So, 260 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter and 300 basis point improvement I think on operating margin from the fourth quarter. So, as we've sort of talked about, our goal is to continue to marching up march up profitability wise. Now our sales are muted, so they're at a lower level and that obviously impacts overall profitability. Now as we go forward, Display, we shared our view, we expect to continue improving overall profitability for Corning, yes, led by Display, but also across all of our segments. And then when sales return, I think it is possible for us to get back to real pre-pandemic historical levels at some point in the future. So that's kind of the way you think about it. I think of it as a continued march upward Display very specific given where we are, and we've seen this volume recovery and then our pricing and productivity actions will continue to take effect in the third and fourth quarter.  Does that help?
Asiya Merchant: Yeah. And then just in terms of share buyback, at what point -- now that preferred shares, the payments that you had for the purchase from Samsung, I mean those have hopefully come to an end now. When would you expect to turn on share repurchase?
Wendell Weeks: When we start piling up more and more cash flow every quarter as we are aiming at. So that's improving in our profitability and cash flow even at this muted sales level, we want to see that first before we think deeply about our capital allocation model. As always, you can expect us to hold our shareholders near and dear in our heart. But the first step is we've got to restore that profitability and cash flow to our pre-pandemic levels even at these muted sales levels.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is now open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Actually, I have one clarification. Wendell, you talked about the pre-pandemic margin profile for Display business. I'm a little bit confused. You exited 2019 with a 24% net income margin for Display. And in the prior year, it was like 26% to 27%. When you reference pre-pandemic, how far back should we go, given the margin difference in 2018 and 2019?
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. He, Mehdi, this is Ed. So, I think the way to think about it is we've been running closer to 20%, and we think of pre-pandemic closer to 30%, right? So, I think it's a big delta that seek to achieve. So not the end of 2019 levels, but more like the back half of 2018, maybe the front half of 2019 and maybe even earlier than that depending on how successful we are.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Very helpful. And then, you highlighted opportunities with polysilicon. I'm trying to understand how the Hemlock and Other Emerging growth revenue scale without significant or material increase in CapEx. You did 377 in Q2 and 386 at the prior quarter. And then in the latter part of last year, you were doing higher revenue. Should I assume that you can actually do like closer to $500 million without significant CapEx.
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. Hey, Mehdi. So, I'll take that one also. So, a couple of things. Just a reminder, in that segment, you have you have Hemlock, our auto glass business and you have our Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies business, think Valor or Velocity. I think all of those businesses will grow their sales. So, I definitely think the level you're thinking about is very achievable for us. In Hemlock, we're currently working through additional capacity so that we can expand that business. There will be some capital spending, but I don't think you need to think of it as significant at this point.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: I think we're not quite ready yet to discuss sort of the precise way in which we expect to expand our profit streams in Solar. So, what we're trying to do is to provide you some insight as to how much more income we expect in that segment and a rough idea of the timing of that without yet fully disclosing the details of our plan, to be able realize that expanded value footprint.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure.
Wendell Weeks: So, we will be more forthcoming as -- this finalizes and it is in our benefit to come out of the more stealthy mode that we are in. But at the same time, it is significant enough. Do we wanted to make sure that we had provided for you a rough idea on how to think about it financially? So, that's what I think you have a good question here. But -- so, we're trying to -- we've given you the answer without all the inputs. Does that make sense?
Mehdi Hosseini: Absolutely. And the reason I ask is your margin -- net margin profile for this business unit has continued to improve. And I attribute that to poly. So, would it be fair to say that poly is a much better margin profile than other sub-segments within that business unit?
Wendell Weeks: I think that there's a lot going on in that segment. And you are right to think that a significant amount of the growth which we have outlined here and we've given in our sort of longer term what happens in a couple of years, is rolling out of our fundamental capabilities in Solar, because I think you're right to think about it that way.  I think concluding much more than that from the statement sort of runs the risk of -- you're not being exactly in line with what our strategic plan is. So, I'd ask for a little bit of patience, and it will be forthcoming in the not too distant future.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you so much. Good morning. When I look at Display revenue in the quarter was up 6% year-on-year, but profitability is down 9% year-on-year. You're obviously calling for an inflection in Display and expecting significant profit improvement, as you just answered in prior questions. So, I was wondering how much of your cost actions benefit did you already realized in the second quarter? And as you think about margin improvement, how much of that would you say is going to come from pricing actions versus continued benefit from productivity initiatives that you're undertaking. That's the first part of the question. And the second part of it is as you think about the improvement in Display, would you say that this pricing sort of supersedes any of the prior market based pricing agreements that you had with some of your customers? Is this a new paradigm? Or is that like old paradigm still impact? Thank you.
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. I'll take the first part of your question first, Wamsi. So, the main reason we are taking a price action is the point you're making. We are absorbing higher costs. We have elevated costs in this business and we expect the price to offset those costs. And I think about that as being the most significant driver of our profitability improvement as we go forward.
Wendell Weeks: I agree with that. I mean, the right way to think about it, Wamsi, is if you take a look at our quarter 2 results and it's a great example of why we need to increase our prices, right? So, then, there is -- this is a paradigm, new paradigm move. This is a significant enough, Wamsi, that. It's going to take a little time to settle into what this does to the overall dynamic in the industry. So, this type of significant move does represent a new paradigm for us. It is still going to be based on our same fundamental principles that unlike many of the other players of our competitors in this industry, we are the most reliable supplier. We are going to be able to continue to maintain our position in this business and be the technology leader. If you follow the space closely, you'll see significant announcements in the glass industry here actually capacity being taken out of the system because of the profitability challenges in glass. So, the core reason that we are the leader in this business is our reliability, the advantages inherent in our technology to play itself out in both cost advantage and product leadership. And those will still underpin the new paradigm, but it is a new pricing paradigm so.
Wamsi Mohan: So, whether if I could just follow up on that. In the past, you guys obviously went through a period where price decline was in the mid-teens and that stabilized down to low single digits given that you guys did something really interesting with locking in market share or volume at some of your largest customers which created an incentive to not take price down. I understand that we're in a recovery phase in the display market at the moment. But if you think over the next two, three years, why should we not think that the competitive response would go back to the historical ways of maybe trying to gain incremental share through pricing?
Wendell Weeks: Well, let me get through this quarter in a reset of double-digit increase in our prices, while we maintain our share and keep in place our long-term agreements, right? And after we get done executing this, I'd love to sit down with you and let's talk it through and maybe bring in some of our Display leaders and we'll talk it through. But right now, what we're focused on is getting this strategic move completed. Does that make sense, Wamsi?
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah. It does. I appreciate the response, Wendell. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: All right.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks Wamsi. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my questions. I have two. The first, just sort of a follow-up on pricing, but looking at optical. I'm just wondering what the carriers are seeing given weakness in demand in relation to some of the pricing that you were putting in place earlier? Is it holding in? Or is there any softness there? And then, Wendell, can you just give us an update on how you're thinking about the timing and rollout of government stimulus, both some of the broadband as well as benefit on the poly side from the IRA? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Our pricing continues to hold an optical. As far as the timing RIA and that is happening, right, we speak. And I think it's a little early, though there's plenty of news and there's been awards out to the states. And you're beginning to see the first of the tech place on B. I think it's a little early for us to be able to call here's when it's happening, are you expect to start to see that in our demand next year?
Shannon Cross: Do you think it's -- I mean, do you see it delayed, or just progressing along what you had expected?
Wendell Weeks: We started with a pretty cynical view, right, of how long it would take. So, we may not be the right people to ask. But we expected really not to start feeling it until next year, and that really hasn't changed. Once again, it's a -- this is a very large program. It's got a flow from the federal government out to the states, and they have to do awards that our various customers are competing for, right? And then those customers have to put orders in. And so, we've always thought that it wouldn't start to make a big impact until we got into next year. I believe that is still our belief -- I will double check, Shannon, and then Ed will get back to you if I'm wrong, okay?
Shannon Cross: Yeah. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matthew Niknam: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Just one follow-up on optical, and I have one on cash flow as well. On the optical side, are we at a point now where higher rates and macro dynamics are driving more of a sustained lull in spend relative to the sort of inventory digestion that was being messaged a couple quarters back? And then just on cash flow, so I think you're slightly negative for the first half of the year. Obviously, there's some gross margin tailwind from the display price hikes. So, maybe, Ed, if you can help us frame expectations for the second half of the year and how meaningful the quarterly improvements can be relative to the $300 million you posted this quarter. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: So, I'll take the first one, maybe Ed you take the second. So, yes, that was really broadly reported throughout all the different people who serve into the telecom space that there was inventory buildup at the various customers. As you'll recall, sort of our feedback for that is, yes, we're seeing that too. But I think it's a more complicated question than just working our way through what sort of just in case inventory build is at our telecom customers and that moved to just in time like normal. It's certainly part of it, but we don't feel at this point in time confident enough in our forecasting models for telecom to say, yeah, we see that consumption of the inventory, it's behind us, and then we're going to start to see that recovery and a return to sort of our normal seasonality and a recovery in the back half. So, we just think it's -- there's more going on here. The fundamental drivers are in place in OpCo [ph], but the exact timing on when it pops back, I think it's difficult to call that. And that's why we're not planning on it and why we're just taking a look at what's in our order book right now and why you heard Ed guide you sequentially down in OpCo despite the fact this would normally be an up quarter, if everything was sort of operating in a normal cycle. So that's the way we tend to think about that part, Matt. Want to turn to cash flow, Ed?
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Sure. Thanks Matt. So, I would say on cash flow, a couple of things. Our goal is to improve our operating cash flow with the actions we're taking. We made a significant move from Q1 to Q2, as you articulated. And I think we have room to continue increase operating cash flow in the back half relative to what we did in the second quarter. And on capital, we've spent a good bit in the first half. We expect our full year to be slightly down from last year. So, I think you should also see a slight decline half-over-half on capital spending. So, I think the combination of improving operating cash flow and slightly less capital spending should mean the back half is stronger than what you saw in the second quarter. So, I definitely think there's room -- a meaningful room for improvement in the back half.
Matthew Niknam: Just anything to note on working cap in the second half of the year at all?
Edward Schlesinger: No. I mean, the thing I think that's most notable for us and we've talked about it over the last several quarters is we built a significant amount of inventory during the supply chain disruption period, and our goal is to work that down. I think the good news is we've made a little bit of progress in the first half on lower sales, which is hard to do. So, I think that's good. And we're going to continue to keep chipping away at that. So that should help us as well.
Matthew Niknam: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors, LLC. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Hey, good morning. Sorry, another question on just the display price increases. So, you're seeing volume increases into the second half of the year. So, can you isolate the margin accretion just from increasing display prices for 2023 and 2024? And how successful were you said original bogey you put out in the press release of 20%. And then just one last housekeeping thing, can you just describe what prices did in Q2? Thanks.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. So, Steve, I just want to make sure I understand. Can you repeat the first part of your question again? I wasn't 100% sure I followed it.
Steven Fox: Yeah. So, you're saying display margins are going to go up, but volumes are also going up into the second half of the year. I assume it seems like that's what you're also signaling. So, if we just think about the price increases, what is that impact on the margin improvement?
Edward Schlesinger: Got it. Yeah. I think I'm not sure we're necessarily signaling volume increase from the second quarter relative for the back half. Certainly, the first quarter was lower given panel maker utilization levels at really low levels in January. But when I think about the margin, net income margin improvement in the second half relative to say, second quarter, pricing is really the predominant driver that we see taking us there. And remember, it's offsetting costs that we're absorbing in our income statement.
Steven Fox: And in terms of how successful pricing was and versus what Q2 pricing was?
Wendell Weeks: Well, what we've said here is that we expect, say, versus Q2 -- I'm sorry, Steve, do that again, how successful pricing is.
Steven Fox: Yeah. So, originally…
Wendell Weeks: So, we expect double-digit -- to close on a double-digit price increase.
Steven Fox: Right. But originally, you said 20% price increases. So, I'm just trying to gauge whether you got the full 20 part of it, I mean you could have gotten 10.
Wendell Weeks: So, our guide today is our guide today, Steve, it's a double-digit price increase. And when we get to the end of third quarter, I think it will be a little more evident where in double-digit that ended up being.
Steven Fox: Okay. And sorry to drag this out, but what was Q2 pricing like -- what was Q2 pricing like?
Wendell Weeks: Relatively consistent with Q1.
Steven Fox: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
Joshua Spector: Yeah. Thanks for squeezing in my question here. I was just wondering if you could expand at some of your comments around data centers and AI, and kind of what that means for Corning. And if possible, kind of quantify where things are today. So, you've talked about more efficiency in some products. You talked about more data transfer within AI versus other data centers. So, is there a content opportunity you could scale? And again, what's the base that we should be thinking of that on today? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: The easiest way to think about this is that we'd expect our hyperscale revenue opportunity fundamentally to more than double for the same number of hyperscale data centers. And that is because of a combination the amount of interconnects required to do the AI/ML compute. It needs more glass within that data center. A lot more of it is happening within the data center, a lot of connections within the data center that are going out just because of the way those large language models are trained and then you do influence beyond with our new set of innovations adding to our content. And so that's the way we tend to think about it. How much more than doubling, remains to be seen on how successful. Our innovations continue to be and what ends up being sort of the final architectures as we work through a variety of different wiring diagrams here to be able deliver this new compute package.
Joshua Spector: Is there a way to think about your hyperscale revenues, what you're recognizing today?
Wendell Weeks: So, what we'll do is that's in our Enterprise segment, right, let us reflect a little given the size and scale of these changes and think through what is the right way to be helpful you to think about how that embeds in that piece of optical and how sizable is it. That's a good question, Josh. Let us reflect on that, and Ann will get back to you.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you. We'll take one more question. Operator, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much, and thanks for squeezing me in. I guess, I had another question on the optical business. I'm just curious if you guys are enforcing delivery dates with customers or allowing folks to reschedule further out into the future. And then also, I'm just curious if you're seeing any incremental competition in fiber. And I'm thinking more specifically about gray market fiber, people looking at selling excess inventory in the open market that would now compete with you? Any sense for that? Thanks a lot.
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. So, George, I just want to repeat back your question. You're asking if we're seeing customers ask to push their delivery dates out into the future, is that the question?
George Notter: Correct.
Wendell Weeks: Well, that happens daily. One way or the other. Pull aheads to -- I don't really need it then, I need it now, because they're executing pretty complicated civil works projects. We're not seeing beyond what we've already guided in our sort of order rates, sort of a new risk. The way maybe which you're getting at is that normally, we're working with our customers on what they're going to take like the entire next year, because it's such an important part of what they do, and we have to plan it. And that certainly has been strong variation between what they told us last year, right, and what they're taking this year. So, I think that's more of a play than to look through what is the fundamental heartbeat here rather than shifting delivery dates within any given quarter. It does happen, and it is what is behind sort of our operating shift to just plan based on what we're seeing in our order book as opposed to what our customers are telling us for the year or as what our own stochastic models are telling us. As to gray fiber optic cable, we're not seeing that be any sort of significant play here. It'd be unusual -- are you hearing some because if you're hearing something, I will check back with the optical folks, but it would be the first I've been hearing about that if it's any sort of significant number.
George Notter: Got it. Great. Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, guys.
Wendell Weeks: Yeah.
End of Q&A:
Ann Nicholson: Thanks George, and thank you, everybody for joining us today. Before we close, I want to let you know that we will attend Citi's 2023 Global Technology Conference on September 7, and we'll be hosting management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a web replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you all for joining us. And operator, you can disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Inc. Quarter 1 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.  I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports.  You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the first quarter, the primary differences between GAAP and core EPS stemmed from restructuring charges and from non-cash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company's currency hedging contracts and Japanese-yen-denominated debt. In total, these increased core earnings in Q1 by $97 million. As a reminder, the mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Last quarter, we told you that markets constituting about 1/2 of our sales were experiencing recession-level demand; that our first quarter sales would decline by greater-than-normal seasonality due to the pandemic-related disruptions in China; that we would raise prices again to offset additional inflation; and also begin to restore our productivity ratios to pre-pandemic levels; and as a result, our margins would increase 1 to 2 percentage points sequentially, despite lower sales. And that is exactly how the first quarter played out. First quarter sales were $3.4 billion, and EPS was $0.41. Our actions to raise prices and restore productivity ratios began delivering notable results. Despite a 7% sequential sales decline, gross margin expanded 160 basis points sequentially to 35.2%. And operating margin expanded 150 basis points from the prior quarter to 15.5%.  Although conditions remain weak in multiple markets, we expect our results to improve in the second quarter. We remain focused on profitability and cash flow, and we will continue to align our cost structure to demand.  Now I wanted to provide some context on the dynamics we're experienced in our key markets. And then I'll discuss how we're continuing to build our long-term growth opportunities across our businesses. So let's dive in.  In Display Technologies, sales declined 3% sequentially as both volume and glass price declined slightly. In March, panel maker utilization increased, and we expect our volume in the second quarter to increase significantly from the first quarter. As conditions continue to improve, we're optimistic the panel maker utilization is beginning to move beyond correction levels and will return to more normal levels in the coming quarters.  In Optical Communications, sales declined 6% sequentially. Our pricing actions partially offset a greater-than-normal seasonal volume decline in connectivity solutions, which is associated with the pacing of several large customer projects. Our pricing and productivity actions resulted in net income improving 22% sequentially despite the lower sales. Government commitments to connect the unconnected are contributing to robust cable and fiber demand, and we continue to advance our leadership. Last month, we officially opened an optical cable manufacturing campus in North Carolina to help provide U.S. network operators with the cable they need to bring high-speed optical connectivity to underserved communities, particularly in rural America. Commerce Secretary, Gina Raimondo said, "It is past time that every American be connected with affordable Internet no matter where they live. We could not do it without the folks at Corning. We wouldn't have the fiber, the innovation or the cable."  Finally, in Environmental Technologies, we saw increased adoption of gasoline particulate filters in the quarter, which helped drive a 9% sequential improvement in sales despite the languishing car market. Net income grew 19% in the segment based on our productivity actions and growing sales.  To sum up the short term, we're seeing improvement in some of our markets, but a series of challenges continues to ripple across the global economy. Nevertheless, we expect to grow sequentially in the second quarter and to improve our key financial metrics. For the back half of the year, I'd be disappointed if we didn't grow from second quarter levels.  Longer term, we will continue to innovate and capture growth opportunities as they materialize. We're energized about Corning's future. And I'd like to review some of the reasons why.  It all starts with our focused and cohesive portfolio. We maintain clear leadership in three core technologies, and four proprietary manufacturing and engineering platforms that are viable to solving a broad range of significant challenges in shaping through industries. We apply new combinations of our assets and capabilities to advance important secular trends in tandem with our customers. And by reapplying and repurposing our insights and assets across multiple opportunities in markets, we increase our profitability.  In Optical Communications, we've been leading in the industry for more than 50 years. This business is the most fully evolved example of Corning's focused portfolio using all 3 of our core technologies and 4 of our manufacturing and engineering platforms. And we will continue to apply these capabilities to help build a more connected world over the next 50 years. In Display, by leveraging all 3 of our core technologies and evolving our fusion platform, we have achieved large scale and broad capabilities that have advanced our leadership position. As our customers evolve, we're helping them create a world with richer and more lifelike and ubiquitous displays.  In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we invented the cover glass category and redefined it by integrating glass with ceramics and by combining fusion with vapor deposition. We continue to advance the state-of-the-art with our leading cover materials, which have been deployed on more than 8 billion devices to date. And we've recently entered new product categories that provide opportunities for more of our content. For example, the camera lens covers on devices like the Samsung Galaxy S22 and S23 series.  These advancements are excellent examples of our More Corning approach. We're also innovating in emerging technologies like augmented reality and bendable devices, which we expect to contribute to long-term growth.  In Automotive, we're helping build a world where vehicles are increasingly green and where software and displays are enabling new in-vehicle experiences.  Our inventions are enabling industry leaders to meet stringent upcoming EU7 emissions regulations and achieve near 0 emissions levels. And we're collaborating with LG Electronics, a global technology and vehicle component solutions innovator, to advance in-car connectivity. Overall, we're helping to solve more and more of our customers' challenges in design, connectivity and autonomy. And at CES, we continue to generate strong industry excitement about how our technical glass and optics capabilities can expand the boundaries of what's possible.  Finally, in Life Sciences, we're using Corning's core glass and optical physics technologies along with our expertise in vapor deposition, precision forming and extrusion, to help support the discovery and delivery of new medicines, including biological treatments, that are personalized, effective and safe. So as you can see, our investments and distinctive capabilities have placed us at the center of secular trends touching many facets of basic life. And we believe we will continue to develop category defining products to transform industries and enhance lives.  I'm also excited by our growth opportunities in the renewable energy industry, where I believe we can make significant additional contributions to a sustainable U.S.-based solar supply chain.  We're proud to make the world just a little bit better wherever we can, and that extends to all of our stakeholders, especially in these uncertain times.  We recently released our DE&I and sustainability reports, which capture the great progress we've made and underscore our commitment to helping move the world forward. So as I wrap up my remarks, here's what I'd like to leave you with today. Moving forward throughout 2023, we'll continue to focus on operating each of our businesses well and adjusting to meet the needs of the moment, including aligning our cost structure to the demand environment. At the same time, we're advancing growth initiatives and capabilities that will drive long-term success.  We remain well positioned to continue capturing some very rich set of long-term opportunities that we've built across our Market-Access Platforms. I look forward to updating you on our progress.  Now I'll turn the call over to Ed, so he can get into the details of our financial priorities, along with our results and outlook. Ed?
Edward Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell. Morning, everyone. For the first quarter, we delivered results at the higher end of our expectations. Sales were $3.4 billion and EPS was $0.41. Gross margin was 35.2% and operating margin was 15.5%, both meaningful improvements from the fourth quarter.  Our free cash flow for the quarter was negative $383 million. The first quarter is typically negative due to cash flow cyclicality. This quarter, free cash flow was also impacted by lower sales, reflecting the recession-level demand we saw in several of our markets and overall weakness in China.  Looking forward, we expect positive free cash flow starting in the second quarter and for the remainder of 2023. Overall, our team demonstrated operational rigor during the quarter. We continue to make progress on improving our profitability by raising prices to help offset inflation and by adjusting our productivity ratios closer to historical levels, and we will continue to align our cost structure to successfully weather the demand environment.  We remain confident in our relevance to long-term secular trends and our More Corning approach, and we are well positioned to capture durable profitable growth as the global economy improves.  Now let's turn to our first quarter segment results. In Optical Communications, sales were $1.1 billion, down 6% sequentially as price increases partially offset a greater-than-normal seasonal volume decline associated with the pacing of customer projects.  Despite the decline in sales, net income grew 22% sequentially to $159 million, primarily driven by pricing and productivity actions taken in late 2022. We continue to believe the industry's underlying growth drivers are intact. Long-term demand for optical networks is strongly supported by trends in computation and by private and public infrastructure investments to help connect the unconnected and bring broadband to a much larger share of the population.  We're pursuing three significant secular trends: broadband; 5G; and the cloud. We've got major innovation programs underway for each category, and our connectivity solutions offer economic advantages for a broader range of customers than ever before. Display Technology sales in the first quarter were $763 million, down 3% sequentially, as both volume and glass price declined slightly. Net income was $160 million, down 6% sequentially on lower sales.  On our last call, I updated you on panel maker utilization dynamics. At the beginning of Q4, utilization began to increase from its low point, but it leveled off in December due to pandemic-related disruptions in China. And in January, the disruptions persisted, driving utilization back down and below retail demand. Subsequently, conditions in China improved.  In March, panel makers increased their utilization. And as a result, our volume increased from January and February levels.  We're expecting panel makers to run at higher utilization levels in the second quarter than they did in the first quarter. And therefore, we anticipate our sequential glass volume to increase significantly.  Favorable pricing is primarily driven by 2 factors. The first factor is the improving glass supply-and-demand balance. Glassmakers have been taking additional tanks offline for maintenance and repairs. As we've noted previously, we are taking this opportunity to upgrade our fleet with our latest technology, and we're actively managing the timing of tank restarts to align our supply to demand.  The second factor is glassmakers' profitability. In Q4, our 2 major competitors reported net losses, reinforcing our view that it is challenging for glassmakers who have high costs to remain profitable at current pricing levels. Moving to Specialty Materials. Demand for our long lead time semiconductor equipment products remains strong. However, smartphone and IT end-market demand remains weak. First quarter sales were $406 million, down 20% sequentially, consistent with typical seasonality. Net income was $39 million, down sequentially due to the lower sales.  We expect the continued adoption of our latest glass innovations, such as Gorilla Glass Victus 2 and the introduction of new glass formulations in the second half of 2023, to help offset continued softness in the smartphone and IT markets. Additionally, we believe that new innovation opportunities and emerging technologies like augmented reality and bendable devices will contribute to long-term growth.  Environmental Technologies' first quarter sales were $431 million. We saw increased GPF adoption in the quarter, which helped drive a 9% sequential improvement in sales. Net income increased 19% sequentially, driven by higher sales and improved productivity. We are not projecting a recovery in the automotive market in the second quarter and our current view of the full year is that auto sales remain below pre-pandemic levels, but our content-driven growth strategy continues to help us outperform the market. Turning to Life Sciences. First quarter sales were $256 million, down 13% sequentially, driven by lower demand for COVID-related products and the impact of customers drawing down their inventory. Net income was $9 million, driven by lower sales and our actions to reduce production levels in the quarter.  Let me take a minute to describe the market dynamics impacting this business and what we expect for the year. In 2021 and the first half of 2022, growth was largely driven by pandemic-related demand and customers over ordered due to supply chain challenges. Pandemic-related demand began tapering in the second half of 2022 and the industry was left with elevated inventory levels.  We expect our sales and profitability to improve as the industry corrects, and we restore productivity ratios back to pre-pandemic models.  Finally, in Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses, sales in the first quarter were $386 million, up year-over-year and down sequentially, driven primarily by seasonally lower volumes in semiconductor polysilicon. Net income increased sequentially. We are seeing continued strong demand for solar-grade polysilicon to meet the need for a transparent, sustainable and traceable solar supply chain in the U.S. market. And we continue to see strong growth in automotive glass solutions and additional opportunities in pharmaceutical technologies.  Now let's turn to our outlook. For the second quarter, we expect total company sales to grow sequentially, led by Display as the industry continues to recover. We're not planning on strong second quarter sales sequential sales improvements in Optical Communications, Life Sciences or Specialty Materials. Turning to profitability, we expect to build on our progress from the first quarter and further improve profitability driven by our efforts to offset inflation and return productivity ratios to historical levels.  We expect sales in the range of $3.4 billion to $3.6 billion and EPS in the range of $0.42 to $0.49. And free cash flow will improve strongly due to normal cyclicality and higher sales. And as I said earlier, we expect positive free cash flow in the second quarter. The most likely case for the second half is that sales and earnings increase versus the second quarter, although it's too early to be definitive, given continued global economic uncertainty, and its impact on consumer demand and infrastructure spending. I'd also like to reiterate our capital allocation priorities. We prioritize organic growth through research and development and capital expenditures. The investment opportunities we target generate a 20% ROIC or greater. We expect 2023 full year capital expenditures to be slightly lower than 2022.  We are also prioritizing rewarding shareholders with our excess cash in 2 ways: first is dividends, which we've raised for 13 years in a row; second is share buybacks. We bought back about 5% of our outstanding shares in 2021, and we'll continue to be opportunistic.  Preserving the financial strength of the company is always a top priority. We maintain a strong balance sheet that provides appropriate durability and flexibility. And I'm proud to say Corning maintains one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our average maturity is about 25 years with no significant debt coming due in any given year. In sum, the actions we are taking position us to come out of this period of uncertainty, financially strong and well positioned for a return to growth.  Now I'd like to wrap up with a few key takeaways. In the second quarter, we expect sales, profitability and cash generation to improve, driven by our profit improvement actions, cost controls and continued recovery in Display Technologies.  We're executing a highly disciplined approach to our investment decisions while maintaining a strong balance sheet. We're particularly focused on aligning our cost structure to the demand environment while maintaining the flexibility to address changing market conditions and capture upside as it occurs. Our long-term growth drivers all remain intact, and we're well positioned to continue capturing growth tied to key secular trends such as those playing out in the optical communications and solar markets.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Ann for Q&A.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Hey, operator, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Niknam: Congrats on the quarter. Just 2 if I could on optical. If you can just talk about the latest you're hearing from your customers and maybe speak a little bit more in terms of expectations of what's embedded for the second quarter.  And then secondly, on optical, I'm just trying to figure out in terms of where you're seeing some of the pause or more near-term softness. Is it broadly distributed? Or is it maybe more in the sort of subscale or smaller carriers, which may be facing tougher maybe financial conditions, which are impacting some of the longer-term investment plans?
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the questions and the congratulations. Appreciate it. Optical, so here's the dynamics we're seeing over here with the customers and how we're reacting. So first, fiber and cable demand remains quite tight. And that's really -- you can see that with -- exhibited by the success of our recent price increase actions in that space. So for us, it's really the connectivity sales. So think hardware, connectors and the engineered systems for fiber-to-the-home and large-scale hyper-scale data centers are running below last year's levels, largely due to customer project timing.  Now what we hear from customers is the underlying drivers remains very robust: cloud, AI/ML, 5G broadband connectivity. So we're sort of facing this interesting economy, which is all the long-term drivers remain in place and they're all speaking about very robust deployment plans.  At the same time, we're just not seeing it in our order book, nor are we seeing it in earth being moved in these large civil works projects. So we're taking these words with a little grain of salt. And we're just not reflecting in our forecast and our guide any real robust recovery yet until we see it.  And it's not -- we're seeing this in large players, not just small folks. Some, I think, are seeking to conserve financial resources as they deal with their own uncertainty. But at the same time, haven't given up on their launch of strategic plans. It doesn't mean that we won't see a strong bounce back to the run rate that you'd expect to match with their words on deployment plans in the back half. We could see it. We're just not going to guide it until we have it in our hands. Does that make sense, Matt?
Matthew Niknam: That's great. Yes. Very much appreciated. And I'll hand it over just others can get in the Q&A.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse.
Shannon Cross: Wendell, can you talk a bit more on the display rebound that you're seeing, particularly what you saw in March? And how you expect that to trend through the year? What key points are you tracking to make sure that we are seeing a bit of a rebound there?
Wendell Weeks: So as you heard in Ed's comments, what's good is that we originally started to see the recovery in quarter four. The pandemic shock sits in and sets in, in China, sort of we go backwards and that we expected that we would work our way through it and then start to see the recovery start again in quarter one. And that's what we saw in March. So we saw utilization start to climb.  We're seeing it continue to climb through this month. So as we're -- what we watch our -- what's actually happening with panel maker utilization, how are we seeing the dynamics play out between set makers and panel makers, it's looking to us like we're going to move beyond the recovery time, the correction time in this market and recovery is underway, and we'd expect to see that build in the coming quarters. That's the way it looks to us. That's the way it feels to us. That's what the data is telling us. But it's still early, right? So we're not coming out hard core and saying, yes, we're back to normal. We're not there yet. But we're seeing the trends all move in the right direction, Shannon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors, LLC.
Steven Fox: A bit of a difficult question since it involves not guiding to the second half. But Wendell, you mentioned in your opening remarks that you thought you could grow in the second half. Where would you say that -- based on what you're seeing today, that there's opportunities for typical seasonality, where maybe we should capture expectations for seasonal improvements because the company is typically very back-end loaded in terms of their earnings growth half-over-half and The Street is looking for about 25% quarter-over-quarter improvement in earnings in Q3?
Edward Schlesinger: Steve, this is Ed. I'll take that one. So maybe I'll start with the second quarter, and then I'll go to the second half. So as we think about the second quarter, in our guide, we're thinking about a significant improvement in Display. I think that's the primary driver. We're not expecting significant sales growth in other businesses. We specifically called out Optical, Life Sciences and Specialty Materials.  When you think about the second half, I think the first thing I'd start with is in Specialty Materials, we typically see customer product launches happen in the second half into business where usually our second half is higher than our first half. I think that's a dynamic that could play out.  And in our thoughts about the most likely case being the second half greater than the first half or greater than the second quarter, that's a place that I would expect to see growth.  I think additionally, Wendell described the Optical Communications situation very well, and we could certainly grow from first to second quarter levels in Optical Communications. Life Sciences, you could see a small increase. And then depending on how Display could play out, you could see growth there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Just a follow-up on Steve's question. Wendell, when you said you would be disappointed if you did not see growth in second half from second quarter levels, historically, you have, on average, seen second half up 7% over first half. So it would be fairly dramatic for you to see not sequential growth. Would you say 2023, though, is shaping up in line with that kind of an expectation of second versus first half? Or is it more like recessionary years where maybe the dynamic track worse?  And if I could, I know you mentioned sequential, very strong sequential volume growth in 2Q in Display. Could you comment on how that looks on a year-on-year basis as well and where inventory levels are in Display?
Wendell Weeks: Let's take the second one. On the first one, Wamsi, it's an excellent question. So here's the way the dynamics were playing out within even our own company is our operating groups, our operating leaders sound very much like you. And they sound very much like our customers, all sort of pointing towards what you'd see normally and the behavior you would expect in our industries.  And what's happening is that's running in the tension with us sort of in the center of the company who are looking at this and saying, I think this is a pretty unusual time we find ourselves in and it's unclear to us that following the historical cycles, or following what our customers are telling us is going to necessarily lead us to the right answer in the short term.  So you're on top of the tension, which is why sort of we're wording it the way we are, which is we do expect growth. How much growth is under much debate within us, but it's not, I think, what we know, Wamsi, that's making us have that debate; it's the things that we don't know.  And that's sort of the way it's playing out and sort of each passing month brings us a little more clarity. So that's where we are, Wamsi. Does that answer make sense to you?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Yes, it does, Wendell. Maybe just to step back for a second, if I could. Like do you feel that the macro environment, relative to 90 days ago, for your end markets is getting better or worse?
Wendell Weeks: I think that the integration of the macro environment into our customers' business plans, continues at different rates in different industries. So I'd say by and large, people are speaking less robustly than they were 90 days ago. Has it changed our point of view much? Well, at the center, probably not so much. In our operating units, probably more.  I think the more -- the really interesting question is -- isn't so much when does sort of realization of what the broad economic outlook sets in, in all the different inventories, it's when does the reverse happen? Like when do we start to see those more robust signals that show us we're really moving beyond it. And I just haven't seen those yet. That's what I'm looking for. And as soon as we see them, we'll tell you, Wamsi.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. And, Wamsi, you had asked about Display second quarter, what we've incorporated in our second quarter guide versus the prior year. So just a couple of thoughts. One, remember last year, the way Display played out is the first half was really strong. We started to see panel makers drop their utilization at the end of the second quarter, right? So Q3 and Q4, they ran at much lower rates. Q1 and Q2, they ran at much higher rates, right? And if you think about the way we typically do our guide, we always have a range of outcomes, right? So if I think about the second quarter this year for display, we think will run -- so now I'm going to go back to sequential for a second. We think panel makers will run sequentially higher in the second quarter than they did in the first quarter. And so it's possible they get to the same place as they did last year. That's certainly in the range of outcomes. I don't know that that's necessarily the most likely outcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Spector with UBS.
James Cannon: This is James Cannon on for Josh. I just wanted to touch on some of the dynamics with Display pricing. As you talked about some supportive dynamics, but if I think about what played out in the first quarter, it seemed like you had demand trending sort of in line with weak January, improving in March. And I was just wondering if you'd give some color on what happened with pricing that you had guided to being flat and came in down? And how that plays into what we should expect for the second quarter?
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. I think, James, price was slightly down in the quarter, and I think the way we think about favorable pricing in any given quarter can be slightly up, it could be flat, it could be slightly down. So I think it's generally in line with the way we were thinking about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citi.
Asiya Merchant: I was just going to talk looking into your free cash flow guidance. I know you guys have kind of talked about CapEx being slightly lower than '22 levels at $1.6 billion and strong sequential improvement in free cash flow. Should we expect free cash flow -- given that earnings should improve from here on, can we expect free cash flow to be higher than what you guys had in '22? Is that reasonable just given CapEx coming lower and hopefully operating on the earnings level as well doing better than '22?
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Asiya, I'm going to build a little bit on the way Wendell described the way we're thinking about sales and what could happen in the second quarter and the second half, right? I think there's certainly in a high-end case, yes, cash flow should follow our growth through the year. And if we grow at the higher end of the second quarter, and we continue to grow from there, yes, there's certainly a case to be made that, that would happen.  I think we're taking a little bit more moderate view of what might happen. So again, capital slightly down and free cash flow improving as sales improves, and just our normal cycling of cash flow, it's stronger in the second quarter and in the second half.
Asiya Merchant: Correct. I think you guided last time to seeing significant working capital improvement that should buoy free cash flow generation year. So I guess I was just kind of circling back to those comments. And then any update on stock repurchases? Are you expecting to resume that at a level that was maybe consistent with if we dial it back a couple of years?
Edward Schlesinger: No update on stock repurchases. We'll just continue to remain opportunistic there. And maybe I'll make one other comment on your cash flow statement. As I think about inventory, we talked about a lot of the dynamics that have driven it up through 2022 with respect to a very challenging supply chain environment and inflation. And our goal is to continue to drive it down. And I think in Q1, it stayed relatively flat, down a little bit. But remember, sales were really low. So we actually feel really good about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Ed, if I can just follow up on your comment about growth in Specialty Materials in the second half. When I go back and look at it historically, it's been a wide range of as low as 5%, I think, last year to as high as 45%. So just trying to sort of get a better color there in terms of what should we think about in terms of content growth with some of your customers into the second half? What's that magnitude? And what's also sort of from a macro perspective? Are you expecting to sort of from the first half versus second half variance there, just to be able to rightsize sort of what that magnitude looks like?  And, Wendell, one for you, in terms of have you been able to digest Biden's recent plans about pushing electric vehicle adoption to 50% by 2030? How does that impact overall sort of growth outlook for Environmental?
Edward Schlesinger: Hi, Samik. Yes, I think you're certainly hitting on one of the areas that gives us a range of outcomes in the way we're thinking about the back half that is in specialty. Obviously, smartphone and PC IT demand remains relatively weak. I think it's possible that it's above the low end of the range. You articulated the sequential growth first -- second half over first half, but I don't know that I would say it's going to be at the high end of that range. We're not planning on growth levels at that -- growth at those levels.
Samik Chatterjee: Wendell, any thoughts on the electrification plans of Biden from the current comment?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And if -- by that, I assume you mean sort of the recent administration announcement from the EPA on what -- along with some of the industrial policy that goes with it, but at that EPA regulation that they've just released for comment.  And in that, the piece of it that we're most excited about is that they've now adopted the way to measure and the approach that the Europeans have, Chinese have, which will mean gas particulate filters will be required on all ICE vehicles in the U.S.  So that adds tremendously to our content at 2 to 3x to our content level for U.S. vehicles and U.S. markets, not a small market. So what this enables us to do is sort of keep our overall content that's in our environmental piece of our business, our emissions control piece of our business, sort of more Corning plays out as the number of ICE vehicles shrink. So we are quite excited by that.  Our core long-term answer to BEV is that's where we have focused on the bulk of our glass and optics and autonomy efforts. At this point in time, really our highest value-add vehicles on electric vehicles that has the most content on it, despite not using our emissions control because that tends to be where we're the most successful on both our interiors and our exteriors and now our autonomy products. Did I get to your question?
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. No, that's interesting.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Maybe a question on the gross margin improvement that you saw in Q1 over Q4, clearly on down volumes. Just how much more fuel is there some of these activities to improve gross margin throughout the year, maybe kind of with or without volume improvement? I guess I'm just trying to see how some of the pricing actions or efficiency actions kind of fully reflected in what we see in Q1? Or just how much of that can carry throughout the year and improve margins even if we don't see kind of meaningful improvements in volumes?
Edward Schlesinger: Hi, Meta. Yes. So first, thanks for the question. And maybe I'll just sort of reiterate how we described our margin improvement and what sort of played out in Q1. And then I'll get to sort of what happens from here. So yes, we increased price. That's definitely a big driver of why margins went up.  We're also looking to improve our productivity ratios back to the Wave brand prior to the pandemic. We've made progress there that takes cost out, and we're certainly taking fixed cost out as well. So those drove our margins up sequentially on lower sales, which is very unnatural.  I think there is definitely an opportunity for us to continue to do that. We do expect sales to go up in the second quarter, but we do expect profitability to go up as well from there. So I think there's more room to run from where we are now. And we're going to continue to work on it. It's clearly a priority for us.
Meta Marshall: Great. And just does the opening of the North Carolina facility kind of impact optical profitability in the near term? Or can you guys still get efficiencies? Or does that plant even add more efficiencies that can help margins there?
Wendell Weeks: As always, as we fire these plants up, get a little bit of a drag as we fill them, but we've been able, because of the way -- because we prioritize protecting our people and our customers pre-pandemic, we ran at very high staffing levels and pretty high inventory levels. So we've been able, with our improvements in those things, to more than offset sort of the drag we've seen from opening up some of our new capacity. But very astute question. Yes, we do always get a drag before we get these things all the way filled up and all of our technology deployment. Very good [indiscernible] of getting productivity moving.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Notter with Jefferies.
George Notter: I had a question about the optical business. You were talking about fiber connectivity impacts. I think you talked about customer pacing of projects as being the issue there. But as I look around the industry, it does seem like there's been some inventory correction out there. I know lead times for fiber connectivity products at one point were quite long and now they're, to a significant degree, a lot shorter.  Is the issue there really customer pacing? Or is it more about excess inventory and you're going through an inventory correction? Any thoughts would be great.
Wendell Weeks: George, what an outstanding question and what an interesting debate, right? So you've seen the amount of inventory is how much they put in the ground determines how fast they burn through their inventory and of course, supply chain folks really across the globe. since they couldn't get everything they needed for sure, over ordered and did all sorts of things, right? And as supply chain times start, that is certainly part of it. George, there's no question. And I could even -- if I was less cynical, right, I could even explain most of the change as being that.  But then I look on the other side, and I'm looking at the pace of the actual ground getting moved via actual data centers getting built, right? And in that, there's a little bit of a disconnect there for me too in that if I took my customer statements of their deployment goals and integrated that with inventory, then I'd say, yes, we have a very strong bounce back starting to feel it pretty soon. But we're still going to take a little bit more of a conservative view. So I don't know if any of that was helpful, George. You made an excellent point. You could be absolutely right. We're just going to play out a little bit more conservatively and not plan on sort of a big jump up in the back half, driven by the fact that inventory came in line with deployments.
George Notter: Got it. And just as a follow-up on that. When you think about that fiber connectivity business, is more of the issue then around data center build? Or is it more about fiber-to-the-prem type builds or other types of optical networks? What would you kind of pin it on?
Wendell Weeks: It's probably more fiber to the plan prem, okay? Though hyperscale's definitely slower, right? But it's more fiber to the prem as it's those great big civil works builds that just aren't moving fast enough yet for us to feel comfortable to call it a strong recovery in that business.  Now that being said, that can happen quick, right? That can happen quickly because they haven't come off their stated goals yet, but we're just not seeing it yet, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays.
Timothy Long: Just wanted to go back to Display for 2, if I could. First, Ed, could you talk a little bit about, obviously, a good recovery coming in the second quarter. I know you guys, you said, took a lot of tanks offline and did some retrofitting. So can you talk about kind of how much margin lift we're going to see not just from the volume, but from some of the changes? And then just, Wendell, I mean I just want to go back to kind of visibility in this business. Obviously, there was some head takes last quarter on utilization going up and then going down. So what level of visibility do you have into those utilization? I'm assuming you see well into this month, but how far out can you go with that?
Edward Schlesinger: Thanks, Tim. So just to start with your first question. You're right. I think one of the key dynamics that we talk about all the time is glass supply-demand balance being key for pricing. So yes, we do manage our tank fleet in that respect. We will continue to do that and make sure that we manage our supply through that process.  That does impact profitability. That helps us going forward. I think a lot will have to do with how high the volume is in the quarter and how sort of all the dynamics play out.
Wendell Weeks: And I think our visibility will help us improve as we get to the end of this month, beginning of next. We have pretty good visibility, but our negotiations really are still going on given the pretty sharp upward inflection we're seeing in customers' volume requests. So that dynamic is still sort of playing out, but should get pretty clear over the next week or two.
Ann Nicholson: I think we'll take one last question.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Martin Yang with Oppenheimer.
Martin Yang: There's a reference on the call on new formulations for Gorilla Glass. Can you maybe comment on that? Is it in line with the annual upgrade cycle we have observed in the past? Or is that something a bit more significant similar to Ceramic Shield?
Wendell Weeks: Martin, could you repeat the question? I lost you a little bit in the middle of that.
Martin Yang: Sure. So the question's about the reference to Gorilla Glass this year. You -- there's a comment on new formulation for Gorilla Glass. So is that new formulation a similar upgrade in the past on an annual cycle? Or is that new formulation something a little bit more significant similar to the Ceramic Shield product?
Wendell Weeks: I got it now. So it's not a jump up to glass ceramic. It's a pretty significant improvement at the glass level, and we're seeing really wide adoption but you're not seeing that fundamental very big jump in our value-add per device that you see from switching to a fundamentally new material set with very different manufacturing dynamics as well as drop dynamics.  So pretty significant improvement, but in the same glass material set doesn't have as much of a pop in terms of how much our sales revenue is profound as something like the Ceramic Shield.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wendell. Thanks, Martin. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. Before we close, inform you that we will host our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 27.  On May 23, we're going to attend the JPMorgan 51st Annual Global Technology and Communications Conference.  May 31 and June 1, we will be attending the Bernstein 39th Annual Strategic Decisions Conference.  And on June 22, we'll be attending the Fox Advisors Virtual Transportation Technology Conference.  Finally, a web replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Thanks for joining us.  Operator, you may disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson : Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.  I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports.  You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments are related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business.  For the fourth quarter, the difference between GAAP and core EPS stemmed primarily from restructuring charges as well as noncash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company's currency hedging contracts and foreign debt. In total, these increased core earnings in the fourth quarter by $256 million. As a reminder, the mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow.  A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, and we encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks : Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results. Throughout the year, a series of pandemic-driven effects continued to ripple across the global economy. Nevertheless, we executed well to grow sales and advanced strategic initiatives, while addressing the implications that the current environment poses for margins and cash generation.  For the fourth quarter, sales of $3.6 billion and EPS of $0.47 were both at the high end of our guided range. And for the full year, building on our strong 2021, we grew sales by 5% to $14.8 billion and EPS by 1% to $2.09. Gross margin was 36%. Free cash flow was $1.24 billion. I'm pleased with the sales growth we continue to deliver, despite confronting what is essentially recession level demand in markets that constitute about half of our sales. Cars, televisions, smartphones, laptops and tablets are all well below what we estimate as the normal range.  Now we've offset this weak consumer demand with the strength of our positions in the growing optical communications and solar markets as well as ongoing outperformance by our businesses versus our end markets. That said, profitability and free cash flow are not where we need them to be.  So I'd like to deviate from our usual format for these calls, in which I focus on our progress across our market access platforms. Today, I want to give you some insight and perspective on the external dynamics driving our financial results, and I'll discuss what we're doing to address those dynamics.  Since 2020, the external environment has been characterized by the sweeping impact of the pandemic, including supply chain disruptions, depressed productivity, large swings in consumer spending and inflation. When the pandemic hit, our core priorities were protecting our people and delivering for our customers.  So throughout 2022, we operated with elevated staffing and higher-than-normal inventory levels. In addition, persistent and sometimes quite unpredictable, inflation added to the cost of raw materials we purchased, the cost to produce and ship our products and the inventory we maintained. As a result, our growth in profitability and cash flow have lagged our sales growth.  While we took action to improve profitability and cash generation throughout 2022 and made good progress during the first half of the year, it became clear that more was needed. So we took additional and significant actions in the fourth quarter, including raising prices, again, in optical communications and life sciences to more appropriately share the inflationary cost with our customers.  Adjusting our productivity ratios to get closer to historical metrics without impacting our ability to supply and capture future growth and normalizing inventory. Because our productivity and supply chains have improved, in the near term, we expect to maintain reliable supply for our customers at current inventory levels or below. Now all of these actions will improve our margins and cash flow throughout 2023.  Now as you may have already inferred from our press release this morning, we expect both first quarter sales and profitability to be anomalous from a historical perspective. Typically, our first quarter sales declined about 5% sequentially and margins declined about 1 to 2 points. This year, we expect first quarter sales to decline by more than normal seasonality. In contrast, we expect our margins to increase sequentially due to the benefits of our recent actions.  What's driving our below seasonal outlook for the first quarter sales is the situation unfolding in China, where consumer sentiment was already low. In December, China shifted its approach to the pandemic and a significant wave of COVID outbreaks ensued. This resulted in lower consumer spending and workforce shortages, which have, in turn, impact the demand for our products as well, particularly in Display, Environmental and Specialty Materials. We expect China to overcome these issues and demand to improve, but it's too early to call the specific timing of improvements in consumer sentiments and demand. We'll keep you posted as we learn more. In the interim, we continue to be well positioned to capture growth and drive innovation. And as our sales grow, we expect to benefit from operating leverage and our profitability to improve further. Given -- I think it's too early to call the rebound in China, it's difficult to be definitive on our full year results. Here's what I can say.  First, our quarter 1 sales are not an indication of our 2023 run rate. Second, I'd be disappointed if sales didn't grow sequentially in the second quarter, and we didn't see year-over-year growth in the second half. Finally, the benefits of our fourth quarter profit and cash flow actions will be significant throughout 2023. As we see consumer demand return and our revenues increase, we expect to see our profitability increase.  Now having shared our near-term perspective, I want to underscore how great we feel about our focused portfolio and long-term prospects. As we evaluate our trajectory, given the uncertainties, and there are a lot of them, one thing that is certain is the relevance of our leadership capabilities to secular trends. Across each of our markets, we are capturing a compelling set of long-term growth opportunities with more to come.  In Optical Communications, we're building on a record $5 billion 2022. And we believe we are still in the early phases of a multiyear build cycle driven by broadband, 5G densification and cloud computing. Cable and fiber demand remains especially robust. If we could make more, we could sell more.  In solar, we continue to capture significant upside tied to growth in the renewable energy industry, and we see excellent growth potential as we contribute to a sustainable U.S.-based solar supply chain and benefit from the Inflation Reduction Act. In display, we maintained stable price and a very strong market position throughout the ongoing industry correction. We expect to emerge from the correction with strengthened customer relationships of refreshed manufacturing fleet and increasing sales and profit.  In mobile consumer electronics, we anticipate ongoing strong adoption of our innovations, and we expect to continue outperforming the markets we serve through our product leadership, our more Corning approach and our ongoing collaboration with industry leaders.  Moving to automotive. We've been outperforming the market throughout a period of industry constraint. We remain focused on building our $100 per car content opportunity, and we're pleased by our progress as evidenced by our strong growth in Automotive Glass Solutions in 2022. And we'll be ready to capture even more growth as adoption of our technology continues and car sales return.  Finally, in Life Sciences, we're focused on delivering differentiated tools to support the discovery and delivery of cell-based medicines and modern drugs. Our operations are improving as the industry completes its correction from the unprecedented demand shifts caused by COVID.  So now I've gone through the macro uncertainty that characterizes the near term, and I've told you what we're doing to deal with those uncertainties. I also outlined the rich set of growth opportunities we're capturing over the long term. And I believe our progress so far is a testament to what we can achieve going forward.  Let's take a look back at the 2020 to 2023 strategy and growth framework that we introduced in 2019, shortly before the onset of the pandemic. Our goals included sales growth at a compound annual growth rate of 6% to 8%. From 2019 through 2022, we grew at greater than 8% CAGR, even in the face of the ongoing and universally experienced external challenges.  Over the past 4 years, we've advanced significant strategic initiatives. We delivered key fiber-to-the-home and data center solutions to meet surging demand and facilitate a period of strong growth in optical communications. We delivered on our gasoline particulate filter content opportunity in automotive, and we introduced ceramic shield with Apple, both of which have driven strong outperformance versus depressed end markets.  We ran our Gen 10.5 plants to extend our leadership in the glass for large televisions, and we made major progress on our emerging innovations. We gained significant traction in our Automotive Glass Solutions business, and our pharmaceutical packaging portfolio leaped forward to play a central role in the global health fight over the past 3 years. Our vials and tubing have supported the delivery now of more than 8 billion COVID-19 doses in more than 50 countries. In sum, we've delivered multiyear sales growth in a challenging environment. We've extended our leadership position across our markets, and we have paved the way for future growth. I think these are outstanding achievements.  Now as I wrap up my remarks, here's what I'd like to leave you with today. Since the start of the pandemic, we protected our people and, as evidenced in our sales growth, delivered for our customers. We've now completed significant additional actions to improve our profitability and cash generation. The unfolding situation in China certainly impacts our sales in the short term. But despite this, we expect to see the benefits of these recent pricing and productivity actions take hold in the first quarter.  Overall, we will continue to focus on operating each of our business as well and adjusting to meet the needs of the moment, while simultaneously advancing growth initiatives and capabilities that will drive success as the global economy stabilizes. Our focused and cohesive portfolio provides strategic resilience that is evident in our results even in the current environment. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver durable, multiyear growth with improved margins and cash generation.  Now I'll turn the call over to Ed so he can get into the details of our financial priorities, along with our results and outlook.
Ed Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. Building on last year's strong performance, we grew full year sales 5% to $14.8 billion and EPS 1% to $2.09. We outperformed our consumer-facing end markets, we continue to capture growth in solar and we delivered record sales of $5 billion in optical communications. In total, we had a solid year, and our results reflect our resilience in the face of ongoing external challenges.  As you heard from Wendell, our profitability and cash flow have lagged our strong sales growth. To address this, we took further actions, including raising prices again in Optical Communications and Life Sciences to more appropriately share the inflationary costs with our customers, adjusting our productivity ratios closer to historical metrics without impacting our ability to supply and capture future growth and reducing inventory by $115 million in the fourth quarter. We will start to see the benefits of these actions in the first quarter despite suppressed sales from the disruption and low consumer sentiment in China that Wendell described.  With that, I will turn to our fourth quarter performance. Sales in the fourth quarter were $3.6 billion and EPS was $0.47, both coming in at the high end of our guidance. Fourth quarter gross margin was 34%, down 250 basis points sequentially. And operating margin was 14%, down 290 basis points sequentially, both including the impact of reducing inventory. EPS was favorably impacted by $0.03 due to a tax adjustment. Through the third quarter, our estimated tax rate was 20.5%. Our actual 2022 tax rate was 19.3%. The required adjustment resulted in an unusually low 15% core tax rate in the fourth quarter.  Now let's take a closer look at our segment results for the fourth quarter and full year, beginning with Optical Communications. Fourth quarter sales were $1.2 billion, down $122 million sequentially, reflecting the slower pacing of customer projects that we discussed on our last call. Net income was $130 million, down $53 million sequentially on lower volume and the impact of reducing inventory. The strength of the first 3 quarters of 2022 drove annual sales to an all-time high of $5 billion, reflecting a 15% increase, while net income grew 20% year-over-year to $661 million.  Moving to Display. On our last call, we said we believed panel maker utilization had reached bottom in September, but it was too early to call the timing or the shape of the recovery. We were then very encouraged to see panel maker utilization levels climbed in October and then again in November, indicating a recovery had begun. However, in December, China reopened and a significant wave of COVID outbreaks ensued, panel maker utilization leveled off in December and has since decreased in January. We believe that panel maker utilization will resume its recovery.  In January, panel makers are operating below the current reduced rate of demand. I'll cover more on our Display outlook in a moment. Display sales in the fourth quarter grew 14% sequentially to $783 million. Net income was $171 million, up 28% sequentially on strong execution and the additional volume. Fourth quarter glass price was consistent with the third quarter as expected. For the full year, sales were $3.3 billion and net income was $769 million, both down year-over-year, reflecting the impact of the industry correction in the second half. Glass price for the full year was consistent with 2021. We anticipate glass price in the first quarter of '23 to be consistent with the fourth quarter, and we expect the favorable glass pricing environment we experienced over the last few years to continue, driven by 2 factors: first, glass makers continue to align supply to demand. Corning and other glass makers have been taking additional tanks offline for maintenance and repairs after an extended period of glass tightness. As we've told you before, we are taking this opportunity to upgrade our fleet with the latest technology, and we are actively managing the timing of tank restarts to align our supply to demand.  Another factor is glassmakers profitability. It is challenging for glass makers who have high fixed costs to maintain profitability during this period of low volume and high inflation. We have maintained stable price and market position through this industry correction and as demonstrated in the fourth quarter when the market recovers, incrementals from our increased volume will be meaningful.  In Specialty Materials, fourth quarter sales of $505 million were down 3%, but we outperformed our markets driven by customer product launches and continued strong demand for premium glasses and advanced optics products. Full year sales were $2 billion, flat year-over-year. Gorilla Glass sales were down 5%, outperforming the smartphone market, which was down 11% and IT market, which was down 15%. Advanced Optics grew sales 12% driven by the strength of our next-generation semiconductor equipment materials.  Full year net income was $340 million, down 8% year-over-year due to continued investment in next-generation materials for consumer electronics and semiconductor equipment as well as new markets, such as bendable devices and augmented reality.  In Environmental Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $394 million, up 12% year-over-year. And net income was $69 million, up 28% year-over-year. Sequentially, fourth quarter sales were down 7%, impacted by a decline in China OEM production levels in December, driven by similar COVID dynamics I mentioned in Display.  Full year sales of $1.6 billion were flat versus 2021 as light and heavy-duty markets in China remain weak and global auto market growth was restricted. Net income for the full year increased 9% to $292 million as we improved our productivity and raised prices.  Turning to Life Sciences. Fourth quarter sales were $294 million, down sequentially and year-over-year, impacted by lower demand for COVID-related products. Fourth quarter net income was down, driven by lower sales and the impact of reducing inventory.  Full year sales of $1.2 billion were consistent with a strong 2021, while net income was $153 million, down 21% as the unexpected shift in demand away from COVID-related products led to a significantly lower productivity in our manufacturing operations.  And finally, in Hemlock and emerging growth businesses, sales in the fourth quarter were $462 million, up 22% year-over-year and 14% sequentially. And full year sales were $1.7 billion, up 34% year-over-year, reflecting strong demand for polysilicon as we continue to see robust demand for both semiconductor and solar grade polysilicon. We also saw strong growth in Automotive Glass Solutions and Pharmaceutical Technologies.  To close out my segment recap, we're pleased that our more Corning approach and secular trends in optical and solar enabled us to grow sales and outperform our markets.  Turning to our outlook. We maintain an attractive long-term trajectory and are well positioned to capture growth. Looking at the near term, typically, in the first quarter, our sales declined about 5% sequentially and margins declined about 1 to 2 points. This quarter, we expect a sequential sales decline of 6% to 11%. In contrast, with the recent price and productivity actions we've taken, we expect about a 1- to 2-point margin improvement in the first quarter.  In total, for the quarter, we anticipate core sales in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion and EPS in the range of $0.35 to $0.42. Our first quarter sales outlook reflects the current dynamics in China since COVID restrictions were lifted in December. The situation has impacted consumer sentiment and labor availability, which is playing out across some of the industries we serve. For example, in Display, as I mentioned, we saw panel maker utilization decline in January back to October levels. With that, we now believe the display industry recovery has been delayed by at least a quarter. And in environmental, we expect the lower OEM production levels we saw in December to remain in the first quarter.  We will have a better feel for the situation in China after the Lunar New Year, and we'll share more with you as we go through the quarter. As a reminder, the first quarter is usually our lowest volume quarter of the year. So we expect sales to grow sequentially in the second quarter. And I'll also note that we expect 2023 full year capital expenditures to be consistent with 2022.  Before I close, I want to cover 2 other topics. First, I want to take a minute to address currency exchange rates. As a reminder, we have actively hedged our foreign currency exposure over the past decade. This serves as an effective tool to reduce earnings volatility, protect our cash flow, enhance our ability to invest and protect shareholder returns. Our largest exposure is the Japanese yen.  As we've previously shared with investors, we have most of 2023 hedged. We now also have most of 2024 hedged. We expect to keep our core rate at 1-0-7, at least through the end of 2024. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received more than $2 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception.  Second, as CFO, in addition to investing for organic growth, my top priorities include maintaining a strong and efficient balance sheet and returning excess cash to shareholders. Examples include creating one of the longest debt tenors in the S&P 500. Our current average debt maturity is 25 years, with only $1 billion in debt coming due in the next 5 years and no significant debt coming due in any given year. And our interest rate exposure is very low because essentially all our debt instruments are fixed rate.  Additionally, over the last 4 years, we have consistently returned excess cash to shareholders even throughout the pandemic, and one of the ways we do that is through dividends. We have grown our dividend 35% since 2019, and we have increased our dividend for 12 consecutive years. Our dividend yield is top quartile in the S&P 500 at 3%. As we enter 2023, we will recommend that our Board approve an increase in the quarterly dividend, raising the annual rate from $1.08 to $1.12 per share.  Stepping back, our long-term growth drivers all remain intact. As markets recover, sales growth will resume and we're well positioned to continue capturing growth tied to key secular trends, such as optical and solar. In the face of ongoing macroeconomic challenges, we grew our sales 5% in 2022 and delivered a CAGR of greater than 8% since 2019. We have adapted to meet near-term needs, taking actions throughout this period. And while our profitability and cash flow have been impacted, we expect to see the benefits of additional actions we took in Q4, in our Q1 results and throughout the year.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Ann for Q&A.
Ann Nicholson : Thank you, Ed. Crystal, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: I have one for Ed, one for Wendell. Ed, you said your core rate will be 107 through 2024, but I would imagine your transactions are increasingly happening away from this core rate. How should we think about the impact of the yen as we think about 2023 and 2024 if the hedge rate is significantly away from the core rate? And for Wendell, can you talk about Corning's role in both bendable and augmented reality since Ed mentioned it in the script? I'm kind of curious on the technology that you're bringing. And b, any thoughts on commercial availability for these products, particularly by flagship customers?
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Wamsi, this is Ed. I'll take your yen question first. So just for clarity, our hedges are actually close to our core rate in '23 and 2024. And we have most of our exposure hedged, and that's why we expect to keep our core rate at 107. With the recent strengthening in the yen in December and January, we were able to put more hedges in place for 2024.
Wamsi Mohan: It is -- sorry, Ed, if I could just follow up on that. Is the cost to hedge significantly different in '23 and '24?
Ed Schlesinger: No, not significantly different.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for your question on bendable and augmented reality. For bendable, we have 2 significant opportunities, one of which is we're relatively matured in, which is we make the mother glass upon which the displays are manufactured to be able to do a bendable display. Actually to make one of those displays consumes more glass than sort of a typical LCD does. Second, where the bulk of our innovation investment -- new innovation investment has been is in the cover material for bendables. This effort has led to many of the bendable devices that you see today. It still is not a product that we believe is meeting the true needs of the customer. So we have a whole series of new innovations that we're doing to try to take that technology and make it be able to be mainstream rather than just a novelty. This effort is going to continue for the next number of years, and you can expect to see us introduce new products in that space. In augmented reality, 2 major efforts. One has, once again, be COVID-related, and I don't want to talk about that in too much detail. And then two, is we make the material and sometimes the wave guys that create that digital light field in front of your eyes. And so we have significant efforts in both these areas, augmented reality, embryonic industry, but quite exciting for the long term.
Operator: And our next question will come from Martin Yang from Oppenheimer.
Martin Yang: My first question is about the guidance. Can you talk about the sequential growth in EPS? I think implied from the guidance adjusting for the tax benefit, EPS decline more sequentially comparing to core revenue. Is there anything else we should be looking for, for OpEx knowing that the margin -- gross margin is likely to improve sequentially?
Ed Schlesinger: Martin, I'll take that one. No, I think actually, our margins, both gross and operating margin, should improve sequentially in the guidance we've given you. Obviously, we've given a range for both sales and earnings per share. And you're right, if you adjust for the tax rate, it's actually a reasonable level of incrementals on the lower sales. Remember, sales are going down 6% to 11% sequentially.
Wendell Weeks: So Martin, yes, I think you're doing your math correctly. You're seeing a pretty significant increase for us in our profitability at both the gross and operating margin lines and somewhat muted by the delta in tax rate from quarter 4 to quarter 1. I think you've got it.
Martin Yang: Got it. And then a question on automotive glass, you highlighted as one of the growth areas. Can you maybe talk about, is it more in the infotainment side? Or are you seeing adoptions for windshield and or the external glasses?
A –Wendell Weeks: The bulk of our current revenues are in the interior set of products. The growth rate is highest in our exterior. What’s – you’ve seen all the trends on the interior with these very large curved displays being introduced in more and more products. And when that happens, that is by and large us with our patented ColdForm technology. But as well, especially with electric vehicles, because they are so quiet, you experience them as noisy, at least the outside world is more noisy. And so as a result of that and the amount of energy it takes to maintain the HVAC system within an electric vehicle, we’re seeing the adoption of laminated technologies beyond the windshield in sidelights, [rooms], backlights. And quite often, that is leading to adoption of one of our new technologies, which we pair with Gorilla to create a unique laminate structure that is both performance, weight and cost advantage. And we’re seeing very nice take-up of that as well.
Operator: And our next question will come from Samik Chatterjee from JP Morgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I actually had a question or a 2-part question on display. I know you outlined your thoughts around display and the lower panel maker utilization you're seeing in 1Q. Could you just give us a bit more color on sort of what are the range of sort of volume changes you're expecting sequentially into 1Q? What sort of typical seasonality there in terms of volume? How much of a difference or variance to the normal seasonality are you expecting in display in 1Q? And sir, the second part to that, I know you outlined China consumer spending as a sort of a watch point here, but any thoughts on TV sales or TV unit sales for the year, even if it's markets outside of China at this point?
Wendell Weeks: Samik, let me make sure I understand your first question. I understand your second one. So you're asking how we expect to see beyond quarter 1 in panel maker utilization within the quarter?
Samik Chatterjee: Within the quarter, panel maker utilization and volumes related to normal seasonality in 1Q?
Wendell Weeks: Okay. So I think -- to answer the Q1 one, I'm actually going to start a little bit. I'm going to go back in time, talk a little bit about Q4. You will remember on our last quarterly conference call, what we talked about was that -- we called that panel maker utilization was at bottom in September, but it was too early to tell sort of timing and shape of the recovery. As we entered into quarter 4, we saw a significant increase in panel maker utilization in October and then another significant increase in panel maker utilization in November. And we -- our models were telling us that information, along with panel price increases and what we were seeing in order behavior in the industry, meant that the recovery was underway and that recovery would continue to arc upwards after adjusting for seasonality through Q1 and throughout this year. In December, when China changed its approach to the pandemic, we saw panel maker utilization rather than continue its next step up sort of level off. And then as we look at January, it looks to us like as they reduced it back really about to the levels we saw in October, that the recovery is sort of delayed a quarter is the way we would tend to think about it, adjusting for seasonality. And then that ties to your retail piece. So we would expect panel maker utilization to grow through the year because as Ed shared with you, this UT now -- the production rate is below the even relatively depressed level of set demand that we see in the end market. Which takes us to the next part of your question, which is we would expect to see the retail market recover as the year goes on. And it doesn't have to be much, even relatively flattish set demand year-over-year, given the state of panel maker utilization, will still result in pretty significant growth for us at the glass level.
Operator: And our next question will come from Shannon Cross from Credit Suisse.
Shannon Cross: I wanted to talk about Hemlock, which was an outperformer this quarter. Wendell, can you talk a bit about the long-term opportunity that you see for polysilicon and sort of the trajectory, especially with the IRA? And then Ed, maybe could you talk about the margin potential for this segment? Because I would assume there's a fair amount of scale leverage that's there as you're able to utilize some of the excess manufacturing capacity that you have?
Wendell Weeks: So our goal, Shannon, we'd like to build about $1 billion solar business for us here at the company, and it could take a variety of different product forms. It's too early right now for us to make any specific announcements. But given the IRA, we see many opportunities to both grow and enhance the profitability of this business.
Ed Schlesinger: Again, Shannon, I would add 2 things. One, sort of Hemlock's overall gross margin is similar to our corporate average in the same zone sort of in normal circumstances, half the business or more is semiconductor and you've got solar, right? So you've got those both product sets in there. That's all within our Hemlock and emerging growth segment. And then the second thing I would add is that we have added solar capacity which was, as we described, very inexpensive capacity because it was previously mothballed. We were able to turn it back on. As we think about the next phases of growth, there may be some costs to do that and there may be just some impacts to gross margin as we go along that journey. But in the current state it's in, think of it as around the average for Corning.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: I was just wondering if you can maybe explain the productivity ratio improvements or the adjustments that you talked about in terms of what kind of costs were involved and what exactly you were doing there from both a near-term standpoint and what it implies for your ability to maybe control your own destiny on the cost side should end markets remain tough this year?
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Maybe the way to think about it is as we talk about what our priorities were through the pandemic, one of them was serving our customers. And we disproportionately erred on the side of being able to do that, right? In the beginning, when inflation was coming in, we made sure that we got our customers what they needed over time, we were able to raise price and offset that. And similarly, in the production space, we did whatever we needed to do to ensure that we have the products available to ship to our customers, in a very difficult supply chain environment in a very difficult pandemic environment where being able to staff your factories, have all the materials you need and be able to make the products you need was very difficult over this sort of long sweep of time starting in '21 and running through the end. So we've been able to improve the way we operate, improve our yields, improve our staffing levels and in some cases, take some adjustments and realign our capacity allow us to get back to what we would consider to be our benchmark or our historical productivity metrics. So making sure we have the right output at the right cost at every level in all of our factories. That's our objective. We're not completely there yet, but we've taken a lot more action in the fourth quarter, and we've made a significant amount of progress that will improve our cost and therefore, improve our gross margin.
Steven Fox: And just longer-term implications for all that?
Ed Schlesinger: Well, I think longer term, it almost if you think about it, it gets us back to being able to operate like we did pre-pandemic, right? Pre all of the supply chain disruption, we are humble, at least I will be humble here that we have been surprised by a lot of things, including this recent change in the way China has operated during the pandemic, which clearly impacts us and our customers and our suppliers. But putting that aside, I feel like we now are able to run more like we did pre-pandemic levels, which then allows us to grow as our demand comes back and our margin should get back closer to our historical levels.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Spector from UBS.
Josh Spector: I was just curious in specialty. Is there a way to think about the pace of new content wins over this next year? So you shared you grew almost 10 percentage points greater than the market in '22. How would that metric look in '23 based on what you know now?
Wendell Weeks: We have a number of significant new content, new value-added products that will begin to be introduced for upcoming model launches. So we would expect to have sort of a more Corning dynamic happen again. Now the actual degree of overperformance will really depend upon the success and pace of adoption of those new innovations. So I'd like to see both how our product does add sort of our customers' unique products using this technology does before I would characterize a specific numeric level of outperformance.
Josh Spector: Okay. And if I could just follow up on the cost side of things. So you talked about your productivity. Is there anything we should be considering energy or otherwise flowing through differently for you guys given your hedging strategies over the past couple of years?
Ed Schlesinger: Yes, Josh, I think with respect to inflation, as we've shared sort of throughout the year, we continue to be surprised primarily to the negative on all the things that we consider sort of input costs to run our business. Things have normalized a little bit as we come to the back half, and I think our price increases are allowing us to get to close to sort of neutrality as we go into 2023. Energy is certainly a cost that remains elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels, as do many other costs, by the way. I mean I think even though the rate of inflation has slowed and, in some cases, retracted, we're not back to pre-pandemic levels of costs for inputs. So I think it's -- energy is certainly one to watch, but nothing specific that I'd call out as we go into 2023.
Wendell Weeks: I think, Josh, that we're -- we've been able to -- with the actions we took in the fourth quarter, which is pretty significant. We've been able to catch up to the inflation that we have experienced, like looking in the rearview mirror. And that's one of the reasons that we're able to have the step up in our profitability in quarter 1 or sequentially from quarter 4. I think where we still have work to do is really in the area of what you're asking about, which is how accurately we see what's coming at us from an inflation standpoint and sort of getting ahead of the game. We're still working through that. Got a great team on supply chain who's trying to help us do it, but I think we need to improve there some more, Josh.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tim Long from Barclays.
Tim Long: Yes, I'd like to ask kind of a 2-parter on the optical coms business. First, kind of on the revenue side. It felt like last quarter or through the quarter, it was mostly like one large carrier that was part of the weakness. Now it seems like it's a little more distributed. It looked like enterprise was kind of weak in the quarter, and a lot of folks are worried about cloud spending into next year. So can you just talk a little bit about kind of the maybe enterprise telco mix there or how you see the dynamics differently in those 2 markets? And then secondly, obviously, profitability was weak in the quarter. Could you talk about that? Is that just component cost or is there something else going on? There's a pretty big dip in profitability there.
Wendell Weeks: So I think that perhaps it was any other industry players who would have just said this was one player. But I've always said it is -- in the carrier space, we had a number of carriers who were pacing their projects and also relative to what they've been doing to manage their supply chains one way or the other. Yes, clouds had a ton of activity as well. But by and large, we still think this is a carrier story. And we're -- we expect to work through that as we go through quarter 1 and then get the benefit of elevated demand levels as we go through the rest of the year.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. And I'll take the cost one or the margin one, profitability one. I think Opto is a good example of sort of all of the things we've talked about, inflation impacting the segment significantly, productivity levels impacting the segment significantly. Those things are depressing margins in optical. And the fourth quarter volumes also came down, and we also took inventory down in the fourth quarter in optical. And all of those things impacted our margins. So it's sort of a good example of all the things we've talked about. However, on the positive side, the actions we've talked about significantly impact optical as well. So as we go into 2023, that's a place where we would expect to see profitability improvement.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Niknam from Deutsche Bank.
Matt Niknam: Just 2 if I could. One, maybe bigger picture. As we think about maybe a slower start to the year, EPS, I think, is implied to be about $0.38 at the midpoint in 1Q. Is there any framework to use when thinking about the trajectory for EPS in 2Q onwards? And really what I'm getting at is any visibility you have towards when you get back to maybe a $2 a share sort of annualized EPS run rate? And then maybe just a follow-on to the last question. On Optical, have you seen any inflections or resumption of activity in 1Q? And then maybe when you would anticipate a more meaningful bounce back this year?
Wendell Weeks: So to the first question, what we've tried to do with our profitability actions is that to have that sort of run rate in EPS that you're talking about, that's a $2 run rate to be when we hit revenues that are like quarter 4, sort of 3,6, 3, 7 level. That's when with our actions on productivity and pricing that if they are effective, which we believe they are. Then, at that revenue level, that's when you should expect that type of EPS level. That's the way we're thinking about it, and that's the way we're modeling it. Did that answer your question, sir?
Matt Niknam: That does. That does. And then just on Optical, have you seen any sort of resumption or bounce back yet in 1Q?
Wendell Weeks: Quarter 1 is like no time to call optical, right? So let me get another month or 2 into it, and we should be able to tell you how this all looks. We're very close with our customers. We're watching what they're doing. We're talking to them a lot on their project timing. And we just finished executing perhaps the most significant price increase -- not perhaps, the most significant price increase in my 30-plus years of being associated with optical communications, and we did it successfully, which gives you an idea of the extent of planned demand in this business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Asiya Merchant from Citi.
Asiya Merchant: But just on free cash flow, Ed. Just -- I know a lot of questions have been asked on revenue, sales and how you guys think about margin improvement. Can you shed some light on cash flow and your adjusted free cash flow post the levels in '22?
Ed Schlesinger: Yes, sure, Asiya. I mean I think on capital, I shared our view that we expect to hold CapEx similar in 2023 as we did to 2022, and that was sort of similar to the prior year as well. And I think what you saw in 2022 that really impacted our operating cash flow the most was the inventory build. We built about $500 million of inventory in the year. So obviously, that negatively impacts our operating cash flow. Our goal is to make inventory go the other way. We made a small step in the fourth quarter here. And even not building inventory, just holding inventory flat helps our cash flow going forward. So our goal is to make our operating cash flow go up, keep our CapEx flattish, and so that should make free cash flow go up. But we've got work to do to be able to do that, and it's primarily in the inventory space.
Asiya Merchant: Okay. And are you expecting like a lot of resumption in share buyback here? I know you talked about dividends -- an increase in dividends. How should we think about the pre -- how should we think about share repurchase in '23?
Ed Schlesinger: Yes, I'm not going to guide that specifically. But what I would say is our priorities are investing for organic growth, and we will continue to do that. We believe there's a lot of opportunity out there. That's sort of the highest priority for our operating cash flow, and then we want to return cash to shareholders. We shared what we plan to do on the dividend. And then, of course, buybacks are important to us. As a reminder, we did a very large buyback in 2020 -- I'm sorry, 2021 with Samsung's conversion of their preferred shares. We bought back about 4% of our outstanding shares, and that sort of is still -- we're still paying for that. We've got one more tranche to pay for that in April of 2023. And then we'll have that behind us. That should give us more flexibility. And buybacks, of course, will remain important.
Ann Nicholson : Operator, I think we're out of time. So I'm just going to shut us down for today. And I want to thank everybody for joining us. Before we close, I want to let you know that we're going to attend the Susquehanna Financial Group 12th Annual Tech Conference on March 2. And on March 7, we'll be attending the Morgan Stanley Technology Media and Telecom Conference. Additionally, we'll be hosting some management visits to investor offices in select cities. And finally, a web play of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. So once again, thanks for joining us. Operator, that concludes our call. You can disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Inc. Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's Q3 2022 Earnings Call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.  I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business.  For the third quarter, the primary difference between GAAP and core EPS was from primarily noncash charges associated with capacity optimization and noncash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company's currency hedging contracts.  This increased core earnings in the third quarter by $234 million. To be clear, these charges and mark-to-market accounting have no impact on our cash flow. Reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access Corning results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live. They're also available on our website for downloading.  And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported solid third quarter results that demonstrate strong execution. We continue to operate each of our business as well and our focus on leadership and distinctive capabilities allow us to capitalize on important secular trends and drive our More Corning approach. Sales were $3.7 billion, up slightly versus a strong third quarter last year, and EPS was $0.51. We were able to offset a sales decline in display technologies with growth in optical communications and solar. While we believe that display panel maker production bottomed in September, we would like to see additional positive evidence before guiding a significant recovery in glass demand.  In total, we performed well despite the economic environment. Before we get into the details, I wanted to set some context on what we're facing across our markets. On our last call, we told you that end markets in multiple businesses were down. A smartphone sales in the second quarter declined 8% year-over-year, panel maker utilization in June 2022 was at its lowest level since 2009. And yearly, automotive production was 10 million to 15 million vehicles below its pre-COVID rate.  Several of these dynamics continued or even intensified in the third quarter. A smartphone unit sales declined 14% year-over-year in the quarter, with tablet and notebook demand down 17%. Panel maker utilization decreased even further from its June level with September being the lowest month of the quarter and annual automotive production is still 10 million to 15 million cars short due to continued component shortages.  Nevertheless, we delivered results within our guidance range and expectations. We continue to benefit from infrastructure investments in broadband and clean energy, two secular trends we're strategically positioned to address. We delivered 16% year-over-year growth in Optical Communications, and we captured ongoing demand in the solar market, which contributed to 33% year-over-year growth in Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses.  So let's take a deeper look. What we're seeing in some of our key markets, how we're responding. And why we're confident that our strategy continues to position us to deliver profitable multiyear growth. I'll start with display. In the third quarter, the glass market and our volume both decreased almost 25% sequentially and which significantly reduced our sales and profitability. In September, panel maker utilization reached the lowest level since the fourth quarter of 2008.  More than a year ago, we said we expected a correction in the display industry during 2022. In the second quarter, panel makers began reducing production levels with accelerated reductions in June. In the third quarter, panel maker production reached an even lower level. And we believe that panel maker production reached the bottom in September.  So now the question is, when will the glass market recover? Now our answer is that we would like to see additional positive evidence before we guide a robust recovery in glass demand. We've maintained stable price and market position during this whole correction. Consequently, we expect our volume and profitability to increase sharply when panel maker utilization rebounds and we expect to exit the correction with strengthened customer relationships and importantly, a refreshed manufacturing fleet. As always, we will keep you informed as we progress.  Overall, we feel very good about our execution in display. In mobile consumer electronics, customer product launches and strength in semiconductor drove sequential growth in Specialty Materials. As I noted, smartphone and IT retail unit sales declined significantly in the quarter. We now expect smartphones to be down about 12% for the year. And we expect notebook and tablet demand to decline 15%. We expect the year-over-year decline in smartphones, notebooks and tablets to be greater in the second half than in the first half. This will limit the growth we normally see in our second half sales relative to the first half.  Now that said, we continue to outperform the market through our product leadership, our more Corning approach and our ongoing collaboration with industry leaders.  Over the long term, our content strategy in mobile consumer electronics will help us grow. As we continue to develop and launch premium glasses and optical treatments,for existing and new form factors.  Additionally, we're executing our more Corning approach in the semiconductor industry. In July, Senator, Chuck Schumer and New York Governor, Kathy Hochul, joined us to announce government funding that supports an expansion of our advanced optics facilities, which made equipment and materials vital to semiconductor manufacturing. Of course, semiconductors are fundamental to virtually all technology we interact with today. We've helped advance the industry for more than 50 years, and our expansion will keep us well positioned to support nearly every step of the chip manufacturing process and to respond to new customer needs, including products for EUV technology.  Let's turn to automotive. In Environmental Technologies, we delivered sales and profit growth despite the constraints on vehicle production, and we're outperforming the market for the year. We continue to adjust our operations to effectively navigate the variability in auto production and we are prepared to meet demand when industry production increases to normal rates.  We're also generating significant wins in our Automotive Glass Solutions business. Pull is strong for our technical glass and optics innovations.  During the quarter, CarUX, a leading car display company owned by Innolux, announced its use of our patented cold-form technology to help drive the future of auto interior displays. Corning continues to be well positioned to further grow its automotive business as the industry offers more advanced, designed-oriented cabins and enhanced driver assistance features.  Let's move to Optical Communications, which was the largest contributor to third quarter sales. The industry continues to experience a large multiyear wave of growth for passive optical networks, and we continue to increase our capacity to support this growth.  In August, U.S. Secretary of Commerce, Gina Raimondo, joined AT&T CEO, John Stankey, and me to announce a new manufacturing facility in Arizona. You may recall Secretary Raimondo's leadership helped pass infrastructure legislation dedicated to the idea of Internet for all. Our new plant will boost optical cable capacity to meet record demand.  In September, we opened a new optical fiber manufacturing plant in Poland to serve committed demand. And we're innovating to support every phase of broadband deployment as network access is increasingly viewed as a fundamental human right.  In the quarter, we announced additions to our Evolv connectivity portfolio which helps operators streamline permitting, accelerate field installation and optimize network testing. Optical sales have grown 22% and for the first 3 quarters of the year, setting us up for another strong year of growth. However, we expect fourth quarter sales to be down sequentially due to the timing of customer projects.  Turning to solar. The renewable energy industry is evolving rapidly, and our ongoing growth continues to indicate that the market's behavior is more closely tied to a global imperative than the current economic trends. We reenergized our participation in the solar market by starting up idle capacity and securing customer commitments through new long-term take-or-pay contracts for solar grade polysilicon. Third quarter sales grew significantly year-over-year, and we will benefit from the state of Michigan's infrastructure investment program, which will help us expand operations to meet increasing global demand for polysilicon. We believe that Corning's broader technical and manufacturing capabilities, our 3 and 4, will prove to be highly relevant and helping advance the renewable energy industry, and we see excellent growth potential in solar.  Now as I conclude my remarks, here's what I'd like to leave you with today. We remain very well positioned to deliver profitable multiyear growth and we'll continue to execute with discipline. We'll invest where we see strength and will pace to meet demand. Our cohesive and focused portfolio provides strategic resilience that is playing out well in this current environment. We've established a deep relevance to secular trends along with the ability to drive more content into our markets over time. We've been leading in the automotive and life science markets for 100 years, display for 80 years, telecommunication for 50 and mobile consumer electronics since the inception of smart devices.  The basis of our ongoing success is our distinctive set of capabilities and long track record of life-changing and even life-saving inventions.  In the past, what enables us to power through moments like the present while maintaining an attractive long-term growth trajectory.  Now let me turn the call over to Ed, who will share more details on our results, financial priorities and outlook.
Edward Schlesinger: Thanks, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by emphasizing that we're executing well in a challenging environment. Our performance in the third quarter was a proof point of the inherent balance of our cohesive portfolio and the fact that our More Corning approach is working. We're built to be resilient even in a downturn.  Now let's look at our financial results for the third quarter. Sales were $3.7 billion, up 1% from a strong third quarter in 2021. Optical Communications, Environmental Technologies, Life Sciences and Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses all delivered year-over-year growth.  In September, Display Technologies experienced the lowest panel maker utilization levels since 2008, resulting in a 28% year-over-year decline in sales for the segment in the third quarter. In Specialty Materials, we outperformed the smartphone market, which was down double digits year-over-year.  Turning to profitability. Gross margin was 36.1% and operating margin was 16.9%, down sequentially 140 and 190 basis points, respectively, driven by the lower volume in display technologies.  In the third quarter, free cash flow was $255 million, and year-to-date, it was $866 million, keeping us on pace for another year of healthy cash generation. And despite the challenging environment during the quarter, we were able to offset significantly lower volume in display technologies, and we outperformed our underlying markets overall.  Now let's turn to the segment results. In Optical Communications, sales grew 16% year-over-year, reaching $1.3 billion. Our year-over-year growth was driven by network operator investments in 5G, broadband and the cloud. Net income was $183 million, up 32% and year-over-year, driven by leverage from strong incremental volume. Passive Optical Networks continue to experience a large multiyear wave of growth. We believe that this demand is strongly supported by private and public infrastructure investments to help connect the unconnected and bring broadband to a much larger share of the population. We continue to secure customer commitments, and we're investing to appropriately scale production to serve our incremental demand from current and new customers. And we're also taking further pricing actions to more appropriately shared recent cost increases in energy and certain raw materials with our customers.  As we've mentioned in the past, this business can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, and you'll see that play out in the fourth quarter as we expect optical sales to be down sequentially based on the timing of customer projects.  Now moving to Display. As we updated you in September, panel makers reduced their production levels below our already low expectations. The lower volume resulted in display sales declining 28% year-over-year and 22% sequentially, and we saw a 46% year-over-year and 41% sequential decline in net income due to the high fixed cost nature of glass manufacturing. In the third quarter, glass price was once again consistent sequentially. And we believe the glass pricing environment will remain favorable and factors that continue to drive that favorable pricing include glass supply-demand balance as panel makers reduce production, Corning and other glass makers took additional tanks offline for maintenance and repairs after an extended period of glass tightness.  And we're also taking this opportunity to upgrade some of our fleet with our latest technology which enables us to reduce cost and extend the life of new tanks. As we continue to work through these upgrades, we are actively managing restarts to align our supply to demand.  Another factor is glass maker profitability. It is challenging for glass makers who have high fixed costs to maintain profitability during periods of low volume and the current inflationary environment amplifies that challenge. We expect fourth quarter glass prices to be consistent with the third quarter and glass prices to be stable or up in subsequent quarters.  So overall, we continue to operate from a position of strength in the display market. And as Wendell noted, while we believe that panel maker utilization reached the bottom in September, we would like to see more evidence before we got a significant recovery in glass demand. But when glass demand grows, we expect our volume to increase and our profitability to improve.  In Specialty Materials, the market for smartphones was down 14% and tablets and notebooks were down 17%. We outperformed the market with sales down only 7% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for premium glasses, and strength in semiconductor materials. Third quarter sales were up 7% sequentially, driven by demand for our premium cover materials to support customer product launches.  And adding to our resilience in the segment, Advanced Optics delivered record sales for the second quarter in a row, and we are bringing additional capacity online at our facilities in Fairport and Canton, New York. Net income for the segment was $96 million, down 10% year-over-year due to lower volume and continued development expense related to next-generation products. The weakness in the smartphone tablet and notebook markets intensified in the quarter, and we expect fourth quarter sales and profitability to be down sequentially and year-over-year. Long term, we expect to outperform the market as we continue to develop and launch new premium glasses and optical treatments.  Turning to Environmental Technologies. In the third quarter, sales were $425 million, up 10% year-over-year and 19% sequentially. The Automotive production improved from a very low second quarter as China demand recovered after second quarter COVID lockdowns. However, vehicle production remains constrained due to the continued component shortages.  In addition to our sales growth, we improved profitability with net income up 45% year-over-year. Our content-driven strategy is working, gasoline particulate filters remain a critical component of that strategy, driving revenue even in a weakened market. Our next-generation filters are now shipping to customers as emission standards reach near 0 levels and require enhanced filtration performance.  In Life Sciences, sales were $312 million, consistent sequentially and up 2% year-over-year. Lower demand for COVID-related products was offset by growth in research products. Net income was $43 million. We continue to commercialize innovations, including the new cell and gene therapy production platform. And looking ahead, we expect to see continued growth in both research and bio process.  Finally, in Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses, sales were $407 million, up 33% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially. We continue to see increased demand for semiconductor grade polysilicon and strong demand for solar materials, and we continue to ramp solar capacity and sign up new customers with long-term take-or-pay contracts.  In September, Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies announced that it was awarded $104 million in additional funding from BARDA to support our planned capacity expansion for advanced, high-quality pharmaceutical glass tubing and vials. These expansions are designed to help the health care industry rapidly scale manufacturing to address current and future public health challenges.  Now I want to take a minute to talk about currency exchange rates. As you know, the dollar has been strengthening over the past year. As a reminder, we have actively hedged our foreign currency exposure over the past decade. This serves as an effective tool to reduce earnings volatility, protect our cash flow, enhance our ability to invest and provide shareholder returns. Our largest exposure is the yen, and we have most of next year hedged. We expect our core rate to remain the same in 2023.  We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received more than $2 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception.  Now let's turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect sales in the range of $3.45 billion to $3.65 billion and EPS in the range of $0.41 to $0.47. Now our fourth quarter guidance reflects several factors. In Optical Communications, pacing of customer projects will impact sales for the quarter. In Specialty Materials, we expect a sequential decline driven by lower demand in the smartphone, notebook and tablet markets. And of course, the biggest element in our guidance is Display. As I noted, we do not yet have enough positive evidence to guide significant improvement in glass demand from September levels. We expect free cash flow to be strong in the fourth quarter. And for the full year, we expect free cash flow in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion.  Now I'd like to wrap up with a few key takeaways. As I noted at the opening of my remarks, we're executing well. And because of our inherent balance of our cohesive portfolio and our More Corning approach, we're built to be resilient even in a downturn as evidenced by the performance of Specialty Materials and Environmental Technologies this quarter. Our long-term growth drivers all remain intact, and we're well positioned to continue capturing growth tied to key secular trends such as Optical Communications and solar.  In the meantime, we will continue to maintain our strong balance sheet and employ a highly disciplined approach to capital allocation. Given the external environment, we're taking actions to preserve profitability, tightly manage capital expenditures and prioritize cash flow.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Ann for Q&A.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Crystal, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna.
Mehdi Hosseini: Two things I want to dig into. Is there a minimum OpEx that you can offer us? I understand there are a lot of moving parts, especially with macro headwinds. And I'm just trying to better understand how flexible you are with managing expenses.  And the same thing with CapEx, there is no visibility as to when display will show a rebound. So should we assume that the CapEx trend into next year will show a decline on a year-over-year basis?
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Mehdi, what I would say on OpEx, we're certainly taking actions to pause spending in this current environment. As I mentioned, our goal is going to be to protect profitability and to protect our cash flow. I don't think, given the fact that we feel good about our long-term growth drivers, we're going to take significant actions at least at this point in time.  And with respect to capital, we're definitely pausing spending here as we go into the fourth quarter, and you should see the rate of our spending coming down a little bit.
Ann Nicholson: Our next question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Two questions on Optical, if I could. First of all, in terms of some of the project pauses or push-ups you're seeing, what gives you confidence that it's not something worse and that you see more delays, especially as you get into the winter months and with some of the issues in Europe?  And then secondly, can you give us a sense for how the ramping of the plants, the new plants for Optical has helped -- I assume it helped margins during the quarter and how that helps into next year and what the offset is with the build-out for Arizona.
Wendell Weeks: So Steve, first as to the macro, and you follow it all pretty closely. Macro demand in Opto is incredibly strong. But as you know, what we do is we try to make sure that we're supporting those customers that will be big, long-term players and the nature of telecommunications is that there is -- it's a pretty concentrated industry. So all that tends to happen is when some of our bigger customers end up changing their timing or altering their timing that's what leads to the lumpiness of our revenue. So we're highly confident in the demand drivers here in Opto. And as you know, I tend to be pretty pessimistic on Opto but just sort of overwhelming evidence that demand is very strong.  Now as that -- how long these timing moves can happen? I think you're right to say what can happen during the winter or which tends to be a little bit slower time for us just seasonality-wise. And that's legitimate, whether in the last 3 months or a little longer than 3 months, that's hard to tell. What it's easy to tell though is demand for Opto is super strong.
Steven Fox: And then on the new plant impact?
Wendell Weeks: And Steve, I was going to say, I think the plants that we recently opened are ramping fine. I feel like we've added some capacity. We'll be able to use that as we go forward, but it takes a little while for all the cost drag to kind of go away and we should see that sort of fully ramped and the financial impact in 2023.
Operator: And our next question comes from Martin Yang from Oppenheimer.
Martin Yang: First, can you maybe share with us 1 or 2 mostly closely monitored a reliable leading indicator for display segment where you will be more comfortable calling a recovery after seeing changes in those indicators? .
Wendell Weeks: Great question, Martin. So our analytics are really good at being able to say, for instance, last year, we said there was going to be a correction in 2022. And then they're very good at doing things like calling a bottom because we can tell sort of where our panel makers are operating, and what exactly is happening with their inventory, et cetera. They're not as good at following the exact timing of a turn.  So for instance, our analytics would have said the panel maker industry should have started. It's correction in a much more robust way in quarter 4 of last year in quarter 2, but they didn't actually start until quarter 2 and then accelerated into quarter 3.  So though we're really comfortable with our analytics, they we're a bottom. The calling on when that upswing comes now really gets into sort of what is the psychological behavior of buyers in this industry. And so the way we tend to try to do that, it's a little softer but we do take a look at panel price inflection points. So that's where the absolute level is, but when do they turn and that is actually a buy signal for buyers, right, and it makes signal for panel makers.  How is the retail and set maker commentary as we have interviews with them constantly? How are they actually feeling about what it is they're seeing because that's going to drive their behavior. And then finally is just how tight things are becoming in the value chain overall.  So as we look at all those things, what we'd say is we can't tell yet what exact month we see the sharp recovery, right? We'll need to see more of that accumulate. But we can't say with pretty high confidence that September was a bottom. And now it's just a question of when do we pop up.
Operator: Our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Wendell to follow up on that prior question, would you say -- you guys have disclosed in the past levels of weeks of inventory in the display supply chain. I was wondering if you could characterize maybe not in absolute, but at least in relative terms where we are relative to past cycles in terms of weeks of inventory? And Ed, if I could, I appreciate the fact that you guys are largely hedged for 2023, but the yens obviously moved to . Your core rate is . Maybe you can give investors a little bit of a longer-term view on the yen hedging strategy and maybe some calibration on potential impact beyond 2023, how investors should think about it?
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Wamsi. Value chain inventory, we would say right now is at the healthy range and is starting to approach sort of a little bit tight for healthy. So that's like one of the analytics where we can say, "Okay, right, that the correction has done what it is it's supposed to do. So that's how we're feeling about overall value chain inventory. Does that answer your question on that item?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, it does, Wendell. I was just wondering if there was any -- like I think you guys have mentioned in the past 10 to 15 weeks, depending on various times in various cycles. And are we at the lower end of that or at the higher end of that? And does that give you some increased confidence that we're at the bottom of sort of where utilization rates could be?
Wendell Weeks: So the pandemic sort of changed what is healthy and what's not healthy and all the challenges in the supply chain. But what we should do is we should probably update you if this is a question that you have sort of how we view it overall. And Ed will follow up with you and give you the benefit of our thinking of how we analyze the industry.
Edward Schlesinger: And Wamsi, on the yen or on currency in general, I'll make a couple of comments. So I think you know we're obviously long in the yen. We are short in other currencies. Most currencies are weak -- or weakening versus the dollar. So we are taking an opportunity during this time period in some of the currencies where we're short. And they're weakening against the dollar to put hedges in place farther out, right? So we're trying to be opportunistic despite the fact that the yen is weak and that obviously impacts our overall core rates as we think about them sort of as a basket of exposures.  And then with respect to the yen, we continue to look for ways to protect ourselves beyond 2023. We do have some hedges in place beyond 2023 and the farther out you go, the spot rate or the forward rate -- sorry, the forward rate is below where the current spot rate is, and that affords us some opportunity to do things further out. So we'll keep investors updated. We understand how people are thinking about it, and we're going to be opportunistic and try to protect ourselves at this current core rate level.
Operator: And our next question, please. Our next question comes from Tim Long from Barclays.
Tim Long: Two questions, if I could, on the Optical segment. First, could you talk a little bit about -- you talked about the timing deals happens a lot in this industry. Maybe just looking at the next few quarters, are you seeing that a little bit more in the telco side or the data center side? Maybe if you can just parse out how those 2 splits are looking in the pipeline. And then on the telco side, we're increasingly hearing throughout the world about pressures on macro and energy costs and whatnot potentially affecting fiber builds, which have been obviously really strong over the last few years. Are you starting to hear more caution from the customer base looking out maybe a little bit on the telco side because of macro? Or do you think there's enough government initiatives and just push for broadband to make that still a spending priority for the telco vertical?
Wendell Weeks: Right. So I'd say that it is for our numbers like our post because when you've got macro environment that's really strong. And then all that's really happening is customer timing. So then it really ends up us being able to answer from our order book, what's going on. And in our order book, it would basically be some key telcos is just what's affecting our project timing more than anything else, right?  And so those are long-term projects. And so they kick off one, they conclude one, they start another. And so those can be lumpy.  In terms of the macro, I don't know that we're the right ones to ask because there's so much demand, and we're still short especially in fiber and cable, that we'll tend to get more signals that they want more and more and they share how aggressive their plans are. So we're probably getting a lot more of that than we are the sort of macro, are they cautious.  The combination of major government programs around the world that don't really start to kick in for almost another year, right, as well as catching up to all the demand that happened during the pandemic and how much of their capacity basic their guardrail capacity got consumed by demand as well as the 5G, cloud, all the broadband initiatives, all these things still a really sort of positive bullish signal to us. That doesn't mean that you're not right that they may be experiencing something in macro. We're just not hearing it. Does that make sense?
Tim Long: Yes, that does. Very, very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector from UBS.
Joshua Spector: Just two quick ones, if I can. So just curious on your level of confidence on the pricing comments in display. A little bit surprised talking about up pricing there still into next year. It seems a little bit early at this point. So I'm curious if that depends on utilization rates increasing or is that something you see playing out potentially regardless of that scenario?  And then just a follow-up on the restructuring charges in the quarter. Can you just provide some comments on kind of what was restructured within the Emerging Growth Businesses?
Wendell Weeks: So our confidence on price really has been driven by our performance throughout this correction and going into where our prices have been up to stable throughout every single stage of it, including here in this last quarter.  So you heard from Ed sort of the dynamics that is bit of led to this but we feel good about where we're at, and we expect pricing to continue to be stable as we exit the correction as it has been up to stable throughout going into the correction and to the bottom of the correction.
Edward Schlesinger: And Josh, I'll make a comment on the restructuring charges. So what you saw this quarter was primarily related to sort of an early-stage business, moving more towards commercialization. Oftentimes, we have Gen 1 assets. And as we move into like a high-volume manufacturing state, we advance our technology. Our cost goes down significantly and we sort of obsolete those Gen 1 assets, and that's the primary driver of what happened in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shannon Cross from Credit Suisse.
Shannon Cross: I wanted to ask a bit about solar. Can you talk about what you're thinking may be the contribution from the IRA and a backlog or how we should think about orders and then potential for additional capacity over time? Because it seems to me like this could be a big opportunity for Hemlock, especially if you start bringing more capacity back to the U.S.
Edward Schlesinger: Shannon, so first, I would say we feel great about our Solar business. That was a great part of our ability to offset the lower volume of display in the third quarter. And our orders are strong, and we continue to sign customers up and sell out the capacity we've brought online. And we see that as a secular growth trend going forward. I think as we've shared, we have more capacity that we can bring online and we're in the process of evaluating that and the exact timing of when all that will happen. And we're certainly taking a look through all of the legislation that recently passed and how that impacts us. I think you can all -- you can view that as all positive for us, and we'll come back over time and talk a little bit about it more in detail.
Wendell Weeks: Shannon, you're right to look at it and say, "Gosh, I think this is probably really good for Corning." And we'll update you as we turn into the year on what we think that will mean.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt Niknam from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Niknam: Just two, if I could. First, more on the macro and demand backdrop. I know there was a question asked about Optical. But more broadly across your end markets, are you seeing tighter financial conditions impacting your customers' propensity to invest heading into next year?  And then secondly, on pricing, I know you've talked a little bit about pricing increases, it sounds like there's a little bit more that could be coming in Optical. Just wondering if you've seen any sort of pushback or hesitancy to digest these increases in light of maybe some of the tighter financial conditions.
Wendell Weeks: So we're seeing the economic conditions really play out in our end markets. So as I shared in my opening that as whether it's in smartphones, notebooks, panel maker utilization, automotive, we're seeing those markets that are highly consumer electronics-related or highly consumer-related to be down significantly already. As of yet, that has definitely caused our customers so they pace. We haven't seen them come off their long-term ideas about what they have to invest in.  Much like us, our customers take a long time to build productive capacity and develop new technologies. So, so far, we haven't seen a reduction in their long-term appetite. Most people see that the economic concerns are already happening to them. So the real question is, when does it come out as opposed to getting ready for it. So I'd say that's sort of the animal spirits we're experiencing so far.  On price, yes, we are saying that in Opto, we've experienced some more inflation, and we will go -- going to be approaching our customers to more appropriately share that in this coming quarter. Throughout the year, we have done actually quite a good job of being able to share the inflation we experienced with our customers with price increases really across our business base. So, so far, we've been able to do that successfully and ask me the question again next quarter, and I'll tell you how this latest round went.
Operator: And our next question will come from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I guess I had a similar macro question for you, Wendell, which is, I mean, for a long time, you've been outperforming most of the underlying markets you participate in, and the driver there has been more Corning content in every end market. I'm just thinking as we sort of go into next year and the macro is tougher, have you seen in past down cycles, any change in customer willingness to sort of continue to increase Corning content, particularly in sort of a challenging macro. And any sort of pushback that you're seeing on pricing as well at this time given that inflation is obviously something you need to pass through. But at the same time, the macro is starting to worsen a bit more than expected. So are you starting to see any hesitation from customers as well in those negotiations?
Wendell Weeks: Great question. Most of our More Corning plays tend to reduce our customers' cost or improve their ability to deliver a vital customer function that they see. So in macro, I'd say, no, that we're not seeing a reduction in their capability. Let me give you a good example on cloud-based players. So on our latest set of innovations basically involve us being able to deliver totally engineered connectivity systems so that we save 40% of materials for them we can say, months and installation time.  We improved the quality of everything. And so that in total, you give us a lot more price, a lot more revenue but it saves you money in time. That is like a typical angle for us in More Corning, and we're continuing to see good adoption of those. Your question. Interesting is when you move into mobile consumer electronics is you're seeing some differing strategies. There's just some clear power winners that have happened there who continue to invest really strongly in improving the product attributes that they offer to their customers. And some of our other mobile consumer electronics players, particularly in China, sort of have lost in that premium battle and are doing a little bit less of our key innovations. But in total, the winners are investing more with us. So -- and [indiscernible] still think that fundamental More Corning strategy is playing out well, very strong heartbeat. So that is still playing out. But I do understand the question. It's an interesting question. It's unique.
Operator: And our next question will come from Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Maybe first question on Optical. I know it's been asked a couple of times, but just to kind of circle around it, that it's a couple of Americas-based service providers? Or is it more global in just what we're seeing? I know you said it was mostly within the telcos, but just wanted to get a sense is that largely concentrated within the U.S. or international? And then maybe a second question for me. Inventories have been a pretty big use of cash this year. Just wanted to get a sense of major drivers of that and if that's part of what you would expect to revert in Q4 to help with the -- achieve free cash flow generation targets.
Wendell Weeks: First question, North America based, right, and relatively limited in terms of its -- the number of people that are involved. So telco North America based, just timing. And I think if you just talk to the industry more broadly, you'll see that , to refrain from almost all of our customers is we can't get enough. And so that's still the backdrop, that's still the heartbeat and it's just timing and a few key customers.
Edward Schlesinger: And Meta, on inventory, you're right. You can see it in our cash flow. We've definitely built a lot of inventory through September and we definitely need to make that reverse. That's what we're thinking, it will start to happen in the fourth quarter and as we go into 2023. I mean I think there are a few factors that drive it higher. And it's one of the reasons why we haven't been able to sort of slow it down and reverse it sooner. First and foremost, just in general, the supply chain has been difficult, and we want to make sure we can serve our customers, so we're carrying a little more inventory than we might otherwise have. And as we brought our sales forecast down for the back half of the year, we need to sort of catch up and digest a little bit of the inventory that we have and that we've produced. And then lastly, just the cost of the inventory, right? So as inflation hits us, it manifests itself in inventory, and then we get that back as we raise price when we sell that through. So there's a little bit of a delay in that. Those are really the factors that drive it up. And yes, our goal is to get it down starting here in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our last question will come from Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna.
Mehdi Hosseini: Just a quick follow-up. If I were to go back to late 2019, 2020, the last time that your Display revenue were declining, the averaged 20% net income. And if I fast forward to your Q3, your revenues are about $70 million less than that period, but you're still able to get almost to 20% net margin. Is it just a reflection of the trends that have come offline? Or is this something else that helps with relatively better margin given the lower revenue volume, an insight would be great.
Wendell Weeks: Awesome question. So first, I'd say you're right. And that's one of the things that why we feel good about our execution in display during this correction. So what you're seeing come through is all that tremendous improvement in productivity that our new technology brings and the outstanding cost performance that we've been able to do with that. So with a long period of time of prices being stable to up. And so that is what we've been trying to do in Display. That has been our strategy in Display as we build our strength through this time period. Very stable pricing, a very stable market position and then use our big technology lever to continue to drive our cost performance and drive up our profitability. And it's one of the things we're excited about when we see these -- the correction be over and the market start to move up and glass demand to go up because the incrementals will be powerful and a beautiful thing to behold.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Mehdi and thanks, Wendell. Okay. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we will attend the Credit Suisse 26th Annual Technology Conference on November 29 and the Barclays Global Technology, Media and Telecommunications Conference on December 8.  Additionally, we'll be hosting management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning.  So once again, thank you all for joining us. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Two 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning’s Q2 2022 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we'll be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the second quarter, the largest difference between GAAP and core results stems from noncash mark-to-market gains associated with the company's currency hedging contracts. This increased GAAP earnings in Q2 by $203 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced strong second quarter results. We captured additional content opportunities across our markets, despite an extremely challenging external environment. And we delivered on growing demand in optical and solar. Sales were $3.8 billion, up 7% year-over-year. And EPS was $0.57, up 8% year-over-year. Free cash flow was $440 million and total first half free cash flow was $611 million. Gross margin and operating margin expanded 90 basis points and 120 basis points respectively from the first quarter 2022 levels. Now our improved profitability was primarily driven by the benefits of pricing actions that we took to more appropriately share the impact of inflation with our customers. In total, we delivered in line with our expectations, even though dynamics in three of our largest markets played out at the lower end of our assumptions. In the last month of the quarter, panel maker utilization rates declined to the lowest levels since the first quarter of 2009, when we were at the height of the financial crisis. Auto production continued significantly below normal with virtually no cars sold in Shanghai in April, due to COVID-19 restrictions and with European new car registrations for June at the lowest levels since 1996. In the second quarter, smartphone sales declined 11% year-over-year, primarily stemming from COVID lockdowns in China. In the face of these industry dynamics, we delivered outstanding results, in line with our guidance. We did what we said we were going to do including continued growth and improved profitability. We view the resilience we've demonstrated as a strong proof point that our strategy is working. In the third quarter, we expect the challenges in these three markets to continue. At the same time, we expect an ongoing benefit from secular trends in optical and solar. Both factors are reflected in our guidance. We now expect third quarter sales to be roughly consistent sequentially and to grow year-over-year. We expect full year sales to slightly exceed $15 billion and to grow in a range of 6% to 8%. Now, Ed will elaborate more in just a moment. Now with that in mind, I want to expand on our path to $15 billion and look at the dynamics playing out in four critical market: display, optical communications, solar, and mobile consumer electronics. And I'll address what we're experiencing, how it is reflected in our financials and how we're driving our performance. Let's start with display. We are executing well against our strategy. We had been updating you on the panel maker utilization correction for a year now. Panel makers accelerated reductions in the second quarter. The sharpest reduction was in June and our volume declined in line with panel maker utilization and the market. We expect June's low production level to continue throughout the entire third quarter and our volume to, again, decline in line with the market. Our guidance reflects our view of panel makers’ second half production. And we expect our second half volume to be lower than the first half. At the same time, we have always said, we expect to maintain price stability through this correction. That is exactly what happened in the second quarter, as expected, price was up sequentially. And we expect third quarter price to be consistent with the second quarter. As panel makers lower utilization, we are seeing glass makers idle their tanks to perform maintenance and repairs and thereby lower capacity. We are managing our own tank repairs and restarts to align our supply to demand after running flat out for a very, very long time. As a result, we expect glass supply and demand to remain in balance. We feel good about our execution and strategy in display, as we continue to operate from a position of strength. We are the industry leader with a global manufacturing footprint, cost advantages, distinctive capabilities and leadership in Gen 10.5, where we are well positioned to capture long-term growth in large size TVs. Let's move to optical communications, which was the largest contributor to our second quarter growth. We believe the industry is at the beginning of a large multi-year wave of growth for passive optical networks. And we're well positioned to capture that growth. We're pursuing three significant secular trends: broadband, 5G, and the cloud. We've got major innovation programs underway for each category and we're seeing robust traction with our customers. Momentum continues to build in this business and you can see this in our financials. Second quarter sales grew 10% sequentially, faster than we expected and 22% year-over-year to reach $1.3 billion and we expect to grow year-over-year again in the third quarter and even faster than the market for the full year due to growing demand for our innovations. Take, for example, our edge pre-engineered systems for cloud operators. Now this product had its biggest quarter to-date in the second quarter. These solutions much like FlexNAP for broadband provide customers with a simpler greener solution to minimize the number of cables, cable trays and hardware needed. The simple value prop is speed. We’re helping get capacity installed much faster, eliminating labor bottlenecks in the industry. Our innovative manufacturing process, which completes splicing at a fraction of the cost and at much higher quality, dramatically reduces on site labor. So we’re accelerating our customer’s ability to scale their networks and build cloud capacity all while driving more Corning solutions into the market. Our visibility and confidence in the adoption of edge products is high because network planning decisions happen well ahead of deployment and we are winning now. Turning to solar. The renewable energy industry is evolving rapidly and our ongoing growth suggests that the market’s behavior is more closely tied to a global imperative than simply current economic trends. We recently re-energized our participation in the solar market by turning on idle capacity and securing customer commitments through new long-term take or pay contracts for solar grade polysilicon. In the quarter, sales grew significantly, which is reflected in our top line growth. Looking ahead, we believe that Corning’s broader technical and manufacturing capabilities our three and our four, will prove highly relevant in helping advance the industry. We expect year-over-year growth to continue in the second half and we see excellent growth potential in this business. In mobile consumer electronics, smartphone and IT retail unit sales were down. However, we’re outperforming in this market through our more Corning approach, product leadership and ongoing collaboration with true industry leaders. The benefits of our strategy are evident in our results. Specialty material sales were consistent with a strong second quarter of 2021 and net income grew 12% year-over-year. We expect to deliver growth in the back half in this down market as customers adopt our innovations for their product launches. Overall, Corning is executing very well commercially and technically. Despite all the temporary macro challenges, we delivered a solid quarter. We’ve added more than $700 million in sales in the first half, reflecting an increase of more than 10% year-over-year. And EPS has grown even faster, up 14% in the same time period from $0.97 to $1.11. So you can see that strong secular growth in optical and solar and our more Corning approach is offsetting weakness in the display, automotive and mobile consumer electronics markets. We expect to continue performing well in a challenging environment to close out another strong year. Our cohesive and focus portfolio provides us with a strategic resilience that is playing out well in the current environment and will serve us well in the future. Stepping back, we’ve been leading in the automotive and life science markets for 100 years, display for 80 years, telecommunications for 50 and mobile consumer electronics since the inception of smart devices. The basis of our ongoing successes are distinctive set of capabilities and long track record of life changing and life saving inventions. Now this is particularly important in times like the present. We’ve made great progress, building a more balanced and resilient company. We are structured to and focused on outperforming our markets consistently. Corning’s deep relevance to secular trends, along with our ability to drive more content into our markets over time will enable us to maintain our strength through this economic downturn and emerge stronger on the other side. As we look to both the immediate future and longer-term, we’re confident that our investments and our focused and cohesive portfolio together with our financial discipline will help us drive durable, profitable multi-year growth. In fact, our R&D engine has never been stronger. And a new generation of distinguished leaders has stepped up to drive us through our next exciting period of transformation. This quarter, we appointed Dr. Jaymin Amin as our Chief Technology Officer. A 25 year Corning veteran Jaymin has worked with some of the company’s most influential and innovative customers on ground breaking advancements, including his work launching and commercializing Gorilla Glass. Jaymin’s leadership, technical expertise and experience with Corning scientific capabilities will help take us to the next level of innovation. I’d also like to thank David Morse. I deeply appreciate his leadership and contributions over the years as one of our most accomplished technology leaders. He received his PhD from MIT when he was only 23 years old and he retired last month after nearly 50 years with the company. David has created a strong foundation that Jaymin will continue to build on, adding to my confidence that Corning’s greatest contributions are yet to come. Now, let me turn the call over to Ed, who will share more details on our results, financial priorities and outlook.
Ed Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. I’d like to preface my remarks today with three key takeaways on the quarter. We’re executing well and successfully navigating the current environment. We’re driving top line growth, improved profitability and strong cash flow with high single digit year-over-year sales and EPS growth. And we’re employing a highly disciplined approach toward investing for the long-term. With that said, let’s walk through the details on the quarter. Total company sales reached nearly $3.8 billion, growing 7% year-over-year, highlights included sales growth of more than 20% in optical and strong growth in solar. We met our goal of improving gross margin and operating margin, sequentially driven by previously announced pricing actions across the organization. Gross margin grew 90 basis points and operating margin grew 120 basis points. Net income was $489 million, up 7% year-over-year and EPS was $0.57, which represents an 8% increase year-over-year. We generated $440 million of free cash flow in the quarter, keeping the company on pace for another year of strong cash generation and we invested $353 million in CapEx. I’d also like to comment on the impact of currency. We have actively hedged our foreign currency exposure over the past decade. This serves as an effective tool to reduce earnings volatility, protect cash flow, enhanced our ability to invest and provide shareholder returns. Our largest exposure is to the end, which has been weakening. We have most of next year hedged and we expect our core rate to remain the same in 2023. We’re pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We’ve received more than $2 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception. Overall, I’m pleased with the operational rigor our teams displayed during the quarter. We successfully raised prices to more appropriately share the impact of higher inflation with our customers. We successfully navigated extended COVID-19 lockdowns in China, a sharp correction in panel maker utilization in the display market, lower demand for smartphones and an additional temporary step down in China automotive production. And we’re capitalizing on our market leadership and strong secular growth in optical and solar. Second quarter results reflect the benefits of our focused and cohesive portfolio, particularly the balance it provides. Now let’s go through the segments. In Optical Communications, sales grew 22% year-over-year, reaching $1.3 billion for the second quarter. Year-over-year sales growth was driven by 5G, broadband, and the cloud. Net income was $182 million, up 23% year-over-year, primarily driven by strong volume and price increases. We believe we’re in the early phases of a multi-year build cycle across multiple segments in the passive optical market. We’re responding to this demand by ramping up production and opening new facilities as always we de-risk these investments by requiring meaningful commitments from customers often including funding before beginning construction. In the second quarter, Display Technologies sales were $878 million, down 8% sequentially. Panel makers have been reducing their utilization rates for the last few quarters. In June, we saw a significant decline in panel maker production versus April and May. And our volume declined in line with this change and the market. Importantly, glass price was up slightly sequentially. This coupled with solid execution resulted in net income declining 3% sequentially, less than half the sales decline. In the third quarter, we expect June’s low panel maker production levels to continue, and our volume to decline in line with the market and lower average utilization resulting in our glass volume down mid teens sequentially. We expect third quarter glass price to be consistent with the second quarter. The factors we use to assess the pricing environment in the display glass market continue to support a favorable pricing environment. First is glass supply demand balance. Currently, glass makers are taking tanks offline for maintenance and repairs after an extended period of glass tightness. We are actively managing tank repairs and restarts to align our supply to demand. These actions result in lower glass capacity in the market. Additionally, after running flat out for so long, we need to replenish our inventory toward optimal levels to reduce excess logistics costs. And lastly, glass maker profitability also supports favorable pricing. In this inflationary environment it is challenging for glass makers who have high fixed costs to maintain profitability during periods of low volume. Additionally, our customers depend on us for our market leading supply reliability, enabling us to build on our strong competitive position. So overall, we feel good about our execution against our goal to stabilize returns in Display. The pricing environment is stable. We have maintained our pricing and when volume returns, our sales and profitability will improve. In Specialty Materials, sales were consistent with a strong second quarter 2021. Net income was $91 million, up 12% year-over-year. We achieved these results despite the smartphone and IT markets being down. Our more Corning approach, product leadership and ongoing collaboration with industry leaders are enabling our outperformance in this market. Specifically, we maintained revenue and profitability driven by the adoption of our premium cover materials. We also continue to benefit from the strength of the semiconductor equipment industry. In fact, we expect to see continued investments in the industry to meet rapidly growing demand and to support increased stability in the supply chain to ensure we are prepared to capture growth. We just announced an expansion of our advanced optics operations in New York state. And as Wendell mentioned, we expect Specialty Materials sales growth in the back half driven by customer product launches. In Environmental Technologies, second quarter auto production experienced constraints due to prolonged chip shortages, the Russia-Ukraine war, and COVID-19 lockdowns in China. As a result, second quarter sales were $356 million, down 13% both sequentially and year-over-year. In the automotive industry, this will be the third year in a row production has been unable to meet end market demand. Since 2019, auto markets have declined around 16%. In contrast, we have outperformed the market and our sales were up about 5% over the same period. We’re pursuing content opportunities that generate sales beyond end market demand such as additional adoption of GPS in new regions. We expect an uptick in sales in the third quarter driven primarily by a resumption of auto production in China following COVID lockdowns. We remain prepared to serve demand globally as supply constraints ease and auto production increases. In Life Sciences, sales of $312 million remain consistent year-over-year and sequentially and net income of $37 million was down. Lower demand for COVID related products was offset by growth in research and bioproduction products. Additionally, COVID lockdowns in China impacted sales and profitability. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued growth in research and bioproduction, and we’re well positioned to meet that demand with recent capacity investments designed to improve efficiency and enable us to better support global customers. Finally, in Hemlock and Emerging Growth businesses, sales reached $418 million, a 45% increase year-over-year, and an 11% increase sequentially. This strong performance was largely driven by our production ramp to meet new long-term solar take-or-pay contracts. During the quarter, Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies also contributed to strong sales as we saw continued adoption of our pharmaceutical packaging solutions for critical drugs. And Automotive Glass Solutions delivered year-over-year growth as well. During the quarter, Continental recognized the business as one of its “Suppliers of the Year” for our AutoGrade Corning Gorilla Glass technology, another proof point on our progress toward a $100 per car opportunity. In sum, the multiple growth drivers and our market leadership across our portfolio create an inherent resiliency that enables us to consistently outperform our markets. Now turning to our outlook. For the third quarter, we expect sales roughly consistent with the second quarter in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.85 billion. We expect continued strong sales in Optical Communications, Hemlock’s solar products, and Specialty Materials to offset lower display volume, which is expected to be down mid-teens from the second quarter as I noted earlier. We expect EPS in the range of $0.51 to $0.55 for the third quarter. While we expect the benefits of our pricing actions to continue the lower volume in display will impact profitability. Our most likely outcome for the full year is to slightly exceed $15 billion in sales as we shared with you in April. We now expect sales to be up 6% to 8%, and we expect to grow EPS in line with sales. Our guidance factors in a range of probabilities for the market challenges that we’ve outlined this morning. As I wrap up my remarks today, I’ll end by saying, we’re very pleased with the results of the quarter and the first half of the year. We’re growing profitably. And we remain highly disciplined in our approach to investment decisions, while maintaining a strong balance sheet and delivering solid free cash flow. This gives us the ability and flexibility to address evolving market conditions. We’re also expanding capacity to support committed customer demand all while carefully monitoring the external environment to pace appropriately. We’re confident in the many levers at our disposal to manage through any environment and come out the other side stronger, while advancing our long-term growth initiatives. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Ann for Q&A.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Krystal, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. And your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Ann Nicholson: Yes, please, Steve.
Steven Fox: Hi. I guess, I was wondering if you can go back and talk about the optical business a little bit more. It’s obviously got a lot of new product momentum and has had extremely strong growth. Some of your carrier customers have recently called out some weakness on subscribers and other consumer demand. How do we think about sort of optical maybe not just for the next couple quarters, but say if we think about it for the next year in the face of macro pressures, how confident are you in its ability to continue to grow? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, Steve. Yes, we’ve seen all those comments and of course we talk directly to leadership of all of our major carrier customers. Here’s what we’re hearing. And then let’s just step back and talk about just what the some of the other macro forces are behind it. So what we’re hearing from them is their investment in fiber optics is their top strategic priority. And so that even as they take a look at what they can do with different elements of their capital spending plans and their investment plans that they’re prioritizing their investment in our product sets. And they’re actually asking us to commit to supply more into next year and beyond. So we’re in the midst of that type of discussion with our customers. So a little early to tell exactly where that all will turn out, but will be public as that gets a little bit closer. So I would say right now all of our demand signals continue to be quite robust and if we could make more fiber and cable, we could sell more fiber and cable, and we’re seeing continued strong demand as we look into next year or so. Did that answer your question, Steven?
Steven Fox: It did. And then I just probably should have thrown this into the question, which is, could you just maybe expand that Wendell to talk about cloud demand as well? And I’ll pass it on from there. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: In cloud, they continue to see pretty strong revenue performance in cloud, as I’m sure you have seen. And in general, the pandemic put some of those major infrastructure programs a little bit behind where they would like them. So we’re continuing to see demand there. That’s very robust. The main thing that’s providing any volatility in our cloud based demand tends to be their ability to actually get their installations done on time to actually get all the labor that they need to actually get the construction going. And it also plays very nicely into some of our new innovations that use tremendously less labor. And so that’s one of the reasons we’re seeing strong take up of our new innovations in cloud. So although cloud is – will always go with sort of how can they run their construction projects. Overall, we’re seeing nothing but a strong demand signal out of our customers there.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. And your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you so much. I was wondering if you can update us around your assumption for TV units for 2022 and maybe initial look into 2023. And are you expecting growth or decline of glass at retail at this point, given what’s happening at panel makers? And if I could on Specialty Materials profitability, if we look at that both on a year-on-year or on a sequential basis or roughly flat revenues, you have significant improvement in profitability. And I was wondering if you could talk about the drivers there? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: On Display, as you would’ve heard in our opening, we are – we expect our volume to be in line with where panel makers are taking their utilization and down some 15% in quarter three. As we take a look at retail what we’d say is we’d expect TV units to probably be down this year now, especially given what has happened with the China shutdowns. But it could be flat. And I think it’s just too early for us to talk about next year. This is a pretty significant correction that we’re working our way through and the real critical spot for us is we want to be able to continue to execute our strategy and have that our price be stable, have our market position stay stable. And then we’ll be there for as television unit demand and panel maker utilization comes up, we’ll see our profitability climb in line.
Ed Schlesinger: And I’ll take your second question, Wamsi on Specialty Materials. So couple things, one, first I think, we’re performing well in this segment, right? The market is down and we’re flattish. It’s a great more Corning story for us. So we’re outperforming the market there. And then secondly, I think on the profitability side, it’s primarily about the continued adoption of our new cover materials and us adding content into the market. That’s really what’s driving the profitability relative to the flat sales.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. And your line is now open.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. Hi, thank you. Thanks for taking my question. I guess my question was just on the 4Q guide here. The implied earnings guide does represent a recovery from the 3Q levels. And I’m just curious about what’s the driver for the increase in earnings going from 3Q to 4Q that you’re embedding. And I would assume that you’re expecting Display to contribute to that, just given the sort of relevance of the segment itself, and hence what’s driving the expectation that Display rebounds from 3Q to 4Q as well? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Samik. So I think maybe stepping back a little bit on the guide, if I think about both the third quarter and the full year, what we’ve tried to do is reflect the highest probability range that we can for sort of all the dynamics we’re seeing across all of our markets. And as we talked about in Display, it’s – there was a pretty sharp correction down in June. We’re expecting that to continue into the third quarter, but we have a range of how we see that playing out. And then the same thing holds true related to demand in China, which obviously impacts automotive in the back half of the year. It’ll impact potentially smartphones and maybe even Life Sciences, right? So if you think about our guide, there’s a high end and a low end and sort of our view of a most probable outcome. And so, yes, we’re expecting the fourth quarter to probably be a little bit better than the third quarter, depending on where you pick within that range we’ve given you for the third quarter and it’s certainly possible if sort of things play out as they normally do. You would see an uptick in Display. That’s definitely in the range of probabilities in terms of how we’ve thought about it.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. And your line is now open.
Rod Hall: Yes. Thank you for the questions. I wanted to start with a high level question for Wendell, and then I have a question on solar as well. I just, Wendell, what we’ve seen in consumer is deterioration of the low end and maybe the mid-range as well, a little bit, the smartphone industry, et cetera. I’m wondering if you think that the higher end consumer, do you see any evidence that is not still hanging in there or what are your expectations for the higher end consumer in the back end of the year at some of your exposure there? And then I’ll follow up with the solar question after that answer, if it’s okay.
Wendell Weeks: Rod, I would agree with your observation and concerned insightful observation that the more premium end is doing better than the low end and the largest deterioration has been in that piece of the market. We think that relative outperformance will be there, but we don’t like in our guide, we’re not reflecting a belief that it’s just going to be bimodal, right. We think everybody’s going to get impacted and it’s a timing question. But you’ll still have relative outperformance in the premium end and that’s the way we look at it. Is that the question you were asking Rod? [Ph]
Rod Hall: Yes. I think I just was curious to see whether you thought did you of course have a lot more data sometimes than we do? Whether that high end would follow the low end, or I think it probably will, but I was just curious what your opinion of that was so?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. We’re seeing the impact of that being below where we would’ve thought it would be really driven, I think primarily by this combination of China shutdowns and inflation. So it’s below what we would have normally expected it to be, but it is, we are still seeing outperformance run.
Rod Hall: Right. Okay. Thanks Wendell. And then on solar, we had estimated about a third of the Hemlock and Emerging Growth Business revenue with solar last year. And I'm wondering maybe Ed or Wendell, if you guys could double click on that a little bit for us this year? Talk about what you think the proportion of those total revenues might look like for solar this year. And I'm also curious how gated that is by supply. In other words, are you just selling everything you can make? Could you sell more if you were able to turn on even more supply, just curious kind of how that all is shaping up right now? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. Thanks Rod. So on solar, I think the way to think about it is through the year, last year and into sort of the second quarter of this year, we continued to ramp our solar sales. We were originally selling out of inventory and we sort of sold all that out and then we started production back up in the fourth quarter. And so it has become a greater part of the sales in Hemlock and Emerging Growth segment. In addition to that, what I would say is, we are getting to be capacity constrained. I mean, we're selling for the most part, what we can make, we'll get a little better at making and we'll have a little more capacity in the back half and as we go into 2023, but not a lot of capacity. And I think the important thing to think [Technical Difficulty] make we'll get a little better at making and we'll have a little more capacity in the back half and as we go into 2023, but not a lot of capacity. And I think the important thing to think about is, we've signed customers up for multi-year take or pay contracts to essentially sell out that capacity. So we feel really good about that demand and our ability to supply it. We have more capacity that we could turn on. It would be a decision we'd have to make based on the dynamics in the market and our ability to continue to get customers to take that volume either by giving us cash or signing up for long-term commitments.
Rod Hall: But I just – with energy prices where they are, wouldn't it make sense to, it would seem solar demand is only going to go one way. Would you agree with that?
Wendell Weeks: [Technical Difficulty] to supply it, we have more capacity that we could turn on. It would be a decision we'd have to make based on the dynamics in the market and our ability to continue to get customers to take that volume either by giving us cash or signing up for long-term commitments.
Rod Hall: But I just – with energy prices where they are, wouldn't it make sense to, it would seem solar demand is only going to go one way. Would you agree with that?
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think the good – the demand is high. I do agree. I think we're cautious in this space and we want to make sure that we've got good commitment for any additional demand that we would turn on. We'll update you as that plays itself out in the back half of this year and into 2023.
Ed Schlesinger: Just add some there, Rod, I think your instincts are right, that you have a bold case for solar. What makes us really insist on committed demand from our customers and to make sure that that our customers are taking on more of the risk under their shareholders than ours would take is because geopolitics also plays a role. So energy always has geopolitics play a role and solar is no different and so given that, is why we want to make sure that if we add – if we bring on more capacity that our shareholders basically are getting a nice free shot on goal.
Rod Hall: That's great. Thanks a lot, guys. I appreciate all the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Josh Spector from UBS. And your line is now open. Mr. Spector, please make sure your line is not on mute.
Josh Spector: Sorry. For some reason it cut out. I didn't hear my name. Thanks for taking my question. Just as a high level, curious, I mean, you seem relatively bullish on optical. Maybe those expectations are roughly unchanged, clearly display expectations moved a bit. In the rest of the portfolio, would you say your second half expectations have changed significantly? Or are they relatively similar to how you saw things a few months ago and trying to think about that relative in terms of the medium to longer term growth for some of those segments as well? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I would say, the biggest change probably going back a quarter is what happened in China with respect to lockdowns in the second quarter. That impacted demand and the supply chain in that part of the world significantly. And obviously it impacted us. And I think in the range of how we see the back half, a lot of that is what happens in China, across the board sort of in all of our markets for the part, other than optical. And I would say that there aren't any significant changes. Other than that, the one thing I'd add is in auto, in general, we were expecting a higher auto market at the beginning of the year, both in China, but in totality. And I think our view of that market is that it's still constrained. We think end market demand is there, but the industry is constrained and therefore, our expectations are a little lower than maybe they were a quarter ago.
Josh Spector: Okay, thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: And I'd say all the mega – the trends, the big secular trends that we are behind and we're investing up for as well as sort of the more Corning strategy that looks to us like it is holding up quite well, even in these sort of challenging macro environment. And we would expect that to continue. There's other little things that are moving around in our range that have to do with our ability to bring up capacity. Optical, we're running maybe about a quarter behind on some of the capacity that we would've thought, we would've had available to sell this year. And that's now that growth will now push into next year. There's a lot of puts and takes, but in total, we are feeling quite good about where we placed our bets and the efficacy of our content driven strategy.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. And your line is now open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Now, want to go back to the display and want to get your thoughts on your customers ability to produce panel, especially since panel process are the cash cost. Why shouldn't the glass market enable lower costs and improve affordability by lowering key material costs like glass. Unless you tell me that the market is not elastic, any thoughts here would be great. And I have a follow up.
Wendell Weeks: Well, it's a good question. Our main contribution to panel makers cost structure is the ability of our innovations to dramatically lower the overall production cost of panel making. For instance, a Gen 10.5 facility can manufacture panels roughly at a 30% lower cost for large size TVs than the Gen 8.5 that preceded it. And so for us to deliver those type of innovations also requires us to invest and we require a return on that investment. So we believe glass is already a great buy for our customers. And the best way that we can help them be successful is to continue to be very reliable suppliers and continue to innovate and help the fact that they add way more cost downstream of us than the cost that re-represented their total. And as we can improve their productivity, life gets better for them. Price elasticity wise, panel prices are already plenty low and we would expect that to help flow in to television set manufacturers and that to in turn help activate end consumers who are quite sensitive to pricing, but nothing we can do is going to make a significant Delta in that overall market price elasticity, sir.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you. Thanks for detail. And just quick follow-up on cash flow inventories are up Q-o-Q and year-over-year. Should I assume that that 110 days of inventory would trend down into the second half of the calendar year?
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Hi Mehdi, I think a couple things to think about. First, it's a difficult supply chain environment. We want to make sure we can supply our customers. So we probably have a little more inventory than we might otherwise have. That will eventually go back to normal, hard to call the timing on that. I think the second thing is, if you think about the inflationary impacts, we see and we talk about them mostly in the context of our P&L, they also sit in inventory, right. So you have higher raw material costs and higher costs to produce. And so some of the higher balance sheet, you see, the higher dollars is related to inflation as well. Now that gets passed along in the form of price. So the profitability is the same, but you're carrying a little bit more of that on your balance sheet.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Martin Yang from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Martin Yang: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So can you maybe give us a bit more insight into specialty materials, especially the part excluding advanced semiconductor material. Have you observed more of a consistent increase of mix either for new products or exposure to premier customers in the past two years for specialty materials?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I think you correctly identified the dynamic, Martin. It is sort of our content-driven strategy has been in mobile consumer electronics like a number of our markets is not just account on people buying more stuff, buying more phones, but to put more Corning content into the smart devices that people already buy. And so each of those new innovations tends to have more value to it and therefore add to our content. And that's why despite flat to down smartphone market, we've grown our revenues some 40% or more is it's basically that content strategy.
Martin Yang: Got it. I think there are a couple products in the past. We can sort of point to, to support this view, but in a, let's say looking into next two years, do you see a, more of a regular schedule release of new products that will carry on the trend?
Wendell Weeks: We – yes, we have new innovations that we have lined up that we’re seeing a good strong interest in and adoption of. So, yes, we continue to see that strategy be able to play out successfully in the years to come. Now at the same time, all of that innovation, all of that new technology adoption does happen in a broader macroeconomic context, right? So how that will impact our customers launch plans and the like. I think would remain to be seen. But the fundamental structure of the strategy is in place.
Martin Yang: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Matt Niknam from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Mr. Niknam, your line is now open please make sure you’re not on mute.
Matt Niknam: Hi. Sorry, I had the same cut out of my name when you were calling it out. Thanks for taking the question. So in the past, you’ve talked about 6% to 8% growth CAGR between 2020 and 2023. And I think Ed, you may have mentioned it’s somewhat relevant still at a recent industry conference. So I’m just curious in light of recent macro events, any updates you can share and maybe more broadly any expectations on when we could see an updated long-term guide? And then just a quick follow-up in terms of operating leverage. I think last quarter you talked about EPS growth, maybe outpacing top line by a bit. It looks like we’re maybe lacking some of that operating leverage. I’m wondering is that entirely just display trends or anything else maybe to consider in terms of that mix shift on the margin side? Thanks.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks for the questions. So, on the sales side, I think we gave you our guide for the year and we’re in that zone. And we’re not going to give new long-term guidance right now, primarily just because of all the challenges we articulated on the call. It’s a very dynamic external environment. At some point we’ll certainly update you about 2023 and perhaps longer-term. But I think the – as Wendell said earlier, the secular growth trends are all intact and we feel really good about them over the long-term, despite sort of this current challenging environment. And then on the operating leverage side, I think the primary driver for sure this year is what’s happening in display. Volume going down, panel maker utilization going down the market going down and our volume following is just a significant impact on our profitability. So that’s the real primary driver on the earnings per share side this year.
Matt Niknam: And for gross margin, I know in the past, you had talked about 1Q being the trough. Is that still the case as you get the benefit of positive pricing actions going forward?
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. You’re right. We did say that and we still, for sure, believe the first quarter was the trough. As you saw in our results, we stepped up about 1 point in the second quarter. That’s really all about the pricing actions we had talked about. We feel great about those actions. And although the inflationary environment is still with us, we’ll continue to raise price. And so over a period of time, that should be a favorable tailwind to margins. I would just caution that it will be a slow march in this environment.
Matt Niknam: Perfect. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll take our next question from Asiya Merchant from Citi. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for the question. Apologize if it’s been asked before as I was switching between a couple of calls. Just on the optical side, anything you can share about the demand that you’re seeing from the hyperscalers versus the telco operators. We’ve been hearing some rumblings about hyperscalers stepping down some CapEx investments. And so if you can share any color on that that would be great. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So we continue to see demand from both. Without doubt carrier demand has been highly stimulated by everything that’s going on with both public policy as well as them having to catch up to sort of everything that happened in the pandemic. As we went into the pandemic, actually they lowered their CapEx spend maybe by about two-thirds for both safety and just cash preservation terms, all while during the pandemic demand sword with like broadband use up some 50%, cloud revenue up some 60%, 70%. And during that time period, both hyperscalers and carriers were pretty constrained. Now all of them build ahead of demand. They tend to want to have about 18 months of supply, at least in place to be able to take in the volatility of their customer’s bandwidth demands. So we sort of went through that and we have to re-establish that. So in all of them, we have felt that sort of pull as well as they look ahead, they see strong growth. So in general, things are still flashing green. You’re right, that will have certain of the hyperscalers at different times back off some of their stronger megawatt projections, but in all of them, we pretty much have a range on how many megawatts we think they can get in and which where we’re aimed, if that makes sense to you.
Asiya Merchant: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from Timothy Long from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Timothy Long: Thank you. Just a two-parter back on optical comms if I can. One, could you talk a little bit about, you mentioned capacity increases and maybe being a little bit behind where you need to be. Could you just give us a timeline there were there some capacity increases that that helped Q2 and with cadence of kind of adding capacity to that business over the next few quarters? And then secondly, just on leverage there, last – we have seen some very good margin leverage on the higher sales. It’s just one quarter, but sequentially kind of flat margins there with the higher ASPs. Is that something we can expect to see unfold over the next few quarters as that business continues to do well a little bit more operating leverage. Thank you.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. So thanks, Tim. So on capacity, we’ve been talking about adding capacity it’s fiber and cable capacity primarily this year. We have a little bit coming on in the third quarter and a little more in the fourth quarter. And as you heard Wendell say, we’re a little behind, probably a quarter or so relative to what we thought, maybe three, six months ago, so some of that capacity will help us more in the first half of 2023 versus in 2022. We did have a really strong quarter and we sell a mix of products and on the connectivity side where we have capacity that helped our quarter significantly in the second quarter. And I think on the operating leverage, you’re exactly right. Optical happens to be one of the businesses that has had a lot of inflation. We have raised prices successfully there and that has helped us kind of normalize our margins and slowly march them up there as well. And I think you can continue – you should continue to expect to see that, but again, just caution that it will be a slow march up in this environment.
Timothy Long: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: We got time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll take our final question from Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe to your guys’ comment at the end that you would be evaluating macro for any change in build plans. Just wanted to kind of verify, like, have you guys changed any build plans yet for 2022, even if that’s kind of moving within segments. And then maybe on the second question, you guys noted kind of a couple times labor being the gating item for kind of further optical business or rollouts. Just wanting to get a sense of, even when it comes to cloud, are there – is it really just still labor or are there other elements of the supply chain that need to kind of come into place to get further build activity there? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Let me take the first one. And then we’ll go into the more detailed second one. So in the first one, I wouldn’t characterize that we’ve been holding back on our investments due to the macro. What we are doing is making sure first at the operating level, like for instance, in display. We’re taking the opportunity to take our tanks down for repair and putting in new technology packages. And we just simply won’t restart them until such times, as we have really nice clarity on our customer’s demand. And in that way we’ll keep supply and demand in balance. And we have similar things like that as we can feather one way or the other. In opto, if you’re aimed at that in opto, in connectivity, we have now brought it because when we think about opto, you need fiber, you need cable and you need connectivity to build these passive optical networks. And in connectivity, we successfully brought up enough capacity in the first half, so that we feel pretty good about our ability to meet customer’s ramps there that we see. In fiber and cable, if we could make more, we could sell more. And it was just that the way the supply chains work, construction work, we’re just going a little bit behind where we would like to be on some of our ramps and we’ll pick those up next year. In every case where we do a significant investment, we have committed demand from a customer and we ask some substantial financial commitment from them. So we would expect to continue to build with them to the extent that they offer that type of commitment and therefore an appropriate sharing of risk with our shareholders. So that’s sort of in macro. And then to your specific question, I would say, without question labor remains the top issue for installations, whether it’s in hypers or it’s in carriers. That remains one of the more tightly – one of the tightest pieces on the critical path. At the same time, you’re quite right to point out that you move in this economic situation in this sort of odd moment, we all find ourselves in. You move from one bottleneck to another to another. So I’m quite sure you’re right, if we were able to resolve labor, there’d be something else.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Appreciate the answer.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Meta. Thanks, Wendell. And I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. Before we close, I’ll let you know that we’re going to attend Citi’s Global Technology Conference on September 8th and Goldman Sachs Communacopia & Technology Conference on September 13th. Additionally, we’ll be hosting some visits with investors in select cities over the quarter. A web replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Thanks everybody for joining us. Operator that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated's Quarter One 2021 (sic) [2022] Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce you to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Katherine, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning’s first quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the first quarter, the largest differences between our GAAP and core results stem from non-cash mark-to-market gains associated with the company’s currency hedging contracts and non-cash impairment charges. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this increased GAAP earnings in the first quarter by $138 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using constant currency rates aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We have received more than $1.9 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception almost 10 years ago. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. We're off to an outstanding start in 2022 with strong first quarter sales and improved profitability. Sales grew 15% over the first quarter of 2021 to $3.7 billion. EPS increased 20% year-over-year to $0.54. Free cash flow was $171 million. We saw broad based strength across our businesses, and we effectively navigated a complex geopolitical and external operating environment. Gross margin of 36.6% and operating margin of 17.6%, both expanded sequentially and year-over-year. The improvements were primarily driven by benefits of pricing actions across all our businesses. Historically, prices are usually down in the first quarter. However, as I told you last quarter, we negotiated with customers to increase prices in our long-term contracts to share increased costs more appropriately. And therefore, this year, price in total was up both sequentially and year-over-year. We expect price to be up again in the second quarter. Specifically in display, we achieved a slight price increase in the first quarter. For the second quarter, we expect price to be up slightly sequentially, and glass supply and demand to remain tight. You'll hear more from Ed on the display market and our outlook. Now, let's take a closer look at how we performed in each of our Market-Access Platforms. In Display, we continue to operate from a position of strength. We delivered 11% year-over-year sales and net income growth, driven by higher glass volume and slightly higher price. In Optical Communications, we grew sales 28% year-over-year to $1.2 billion, representing 32% of total sales. Optical Communications is our largest market access platform by sales, and we expect significant growth to continue. Operators are expanding their networks. The pace of datacenter construction is accelerating and fiber rich wireless deployments are underway. We continue to be energized by the momentum that is building in this business, and we're well-positioned to capture growth. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, specialty materials outperformed the market with year-over-year sales growth of 9%, driven by significant demand for our premium cover materials and advanced optics products. In automotive, our environmental technology sales declined year-over-year due to customer production constraints. However, we continue to outperform the market. Sales were up in our Automotive Glass business, and I'll talk more about that in a minute. In Life Sciences, we grew year-over-year, advanced key innovations for cell and gene therapy and expanded supply of glass vials and tubing. Based on the quarter and our expectation of continued strong demand, we are raising our sales expectations for the year to above $15 billion. Our results speak for themselves. We've been delivering consistent growth with more balanced contributions across the company. And you'll hear more about that from Ed in just a minute. So how do we do this? Our strong position stems from a complementary set of three core technologies, four proprietary manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. We're leaders in each. We captured growth opportunities by combining, integrating and evolving these capabilities to help our customers drive their industries forward. And in so doing, we drive more Corning content into the products people are already buying. We typically spend the majority of our time discussing the results within our five segments. However, important growth opportunities for our more Corning strategy also reside in the segment we have historically referred to as other. To better reflect the significant contributions and potential of these initiatives, we've renamed it Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses. This segment grew 38% year-over-year in the first quarter. So today, I'm going to spend some time talking about what's going on, and how it underscores our confidence that we will continue to deliver durable, multiyear profitable growth. Hemlock currently delivers most of the sales in the segment. Hemlock manufactures ultra-pure poly silicon for the semiconductor and solar industries. As a reminder, Corning owns 80.5% of Hemlock as a result of Hemlock's purchase of DuPont's ownership in the company in 2020. This was a great transaction for Corning. We didn't put any money into the transaction, and we gained an additional 40% interest in Hemlock's strong semiconductor business, that also has the upside potential reflected in the solar market. Recently, we secured multiyear take or pay commitments for solar, and we expect demand to grow. Additionally, as the renewable energy industry evolves, we believe that Corning's technical and manufacturing capabilities are three and four can provide significant benefits. We believe this business has excellent growth potential. The other two major contributors in this segment are Automotive Glass and Pharmaceutical Glass Packaging. And we're making good progress on these two large opportunities, and both are prime examples of our focused and cohesive portfolio in action. So, let's take a look at how we reapply and reuse our capabilities to drive ongoing value, starting with automotive glass. There's no denying it. The driving experience is rapidly evolving. Drivers want more connected and autonomous features. And the basis of competition is moving from the engine to the cabin. Automakers are responding to these trends. Car design is getting less analog and more digital, fewer buttons and more large screens with touch capability. Nearly universally, the solution is more glass. And as automakers address the opportunities and the challenges they face, they're looking for glass to provide both form and function. To meet their needs, we've reapplied our existing capabilities, expertise and experience in the automotive market. We started with a fusion draw asset that provide pristine flat glass in our Display and Mobile Consumer Electronics market access platforms. And we took insight from Gorilla Glass to create better, more sustainable products that offer superior economics and help our customers advance the transformation of their industry. Poll for our technical glass products is strongest in auto interiors. We've answered with auto grade Gorilla Glass. It provides our signature toughness and optics tailored for the automotive use case to bring the smartphone experience into the car. We've also developed and patented ColdForm technology. By removing heat from the glass shaping process, ColdForm improved yields, saves money, and ultimately delivers a better, more sustainable product at a lower cost than HotForm glass. It enables dashboard and console displays that follow the natural curves of the car's interior, protected by a single, thin piece of precision glass. Our customers can bend the glass to suit their design needs right at the end of their own display module assembly. Looking ahead, we continue to pursue multiple opportunities for our interior and exterior glass innovations. We've entered a new product category with our curved mirror solutions for head up displays, and we're providing Gorilla Glass to Jeep's iconic Wrangler, and Gladiator. We're also working on OLED lighting, and we're in the early stages of delivering glass solutions for the sensors that are critical for autonomous vehicles. What this all adds up to is an increasingly significant business created by applying our more Corning approach. Our Automotive Glass Solutions business is helping us capture $100 per car opportunity. We've already been awarded over a $1 billion of multiyear business across multiple manufacturers and numerous car makes and models. And we're confident in our growth trajectory as we continue to build on this exciting opportunity. Now let's look at another key emerging growth business. We drew on our glass science capabilities to develop a pharmaceutical packaging solution with both exceptional strength and enhanced chemical stability relative to incumbent porous silica vials. Porous silica glass is inherently prone to issues such as delamination. Shifting to aluminosilicate base eliminates this risk and optimizes vials for our ion exchange process. As with the auto example that I just shared, we applied our experience making tough damage resistant glass to the pharmaceutical vial market. And we drew on our deep relationships and years of experience in the life sciences market to deepen our understanding of customers problems and collaborate very closely on our solution. We started with glass tubing and then applied our expertise and extrusion and precision forming to convert the glass into vials. And we leverage our experience in vapor deposition to apply a coating that helps vials travel more quickly through the drug filling process. The result was valid glass. And I think it's fair to say that this is a product no one else in the world could have invented. Last fall, we expanded our portfolio by unpacking the valor technology stack to launch a new product that helps address supply chain challenges. Our new velocity vials use already approved packaging with a patented coating. Velocity is helping drugmakers increase efficiency and throughput to drive faster manufacturing of vaccines and other medications to help meet significant global demand. Today, our solutions are clearly showing their strength. Our portfolio of vials and tubing has enabled the delivery of 5.5 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines. And demand continues to be strong. In the first quarter, our vial production was up more than 150% versus 2021. And our tubing production is expected to increase more than 25% this year, as we ramp capacity. We also recently announced a new long-term supply and development agreement with West pharmaceutical to enable advanced injectable drug packaging and delivery systems for the pharmaceutical industry. This partnership is designed to help speed the commercialization phase for biologic drug developers by avoiding costly time intensive barriers, so they can successfully bring important new drug discoveries to market faster. In total, we're helping to create a future for pharmaceutical manufacturing that offers higher quality, greater efficiency and better sustainability. Stepping back, I think you can see why our customers value our capabilities. We provide unique solutions to move industries forward, all while making the world just a little bit better. Because of this, we're able to thrive in up and down markets. Combined with the measures we're taking to improve margins, we're confident in our ability to drive long-term, profitable growth. Now, as I conclude my remarks, I'll leave you with a final thought. The confluence of the consequential events that we're experiencing today, and the need to operate effectively to serve our stakeholders has required that we all embrace creative new ways of doing business. And at Corning, our values are evident in our actions. We outline much of our progress in our 2021 sustainability, and DE&I reports, which published last month. And this quarter, we built on our success through actions including financial support for humanitarian efforts in the Ukraine and surrounding countries. And continued progress on the greenhouse gas goals we announced at the end of last year. I'm excited about the year ahead and look forward to updating you on our progress. Now let me turn the call over to Ed, who will share more details on our results, financial priorities, and outlook.
Edward Schlesinger: Thank you, Wendell. Good morning, everyone. I want to begin today by saying how encouraged and energized I am by the way our company is performing. We've started 2022 from a position of strength. We are successfully navigating against the complex external operating environment. We're confident in our ability to deliver on a short and long-term profitable growth opportunities to create compelling value for shareholders. Starting with the short-term, we had an extremely strong quarter, commercially, operationally and financially. We delivered year-over-year top and bottom-line growth and we improved margins as our pricing actions began to take hold. Total company sales surpassed $3.7 billion, growing 15% year-over-year, highlighted by a nearly 30% increase in optical sales, a slight increase in display glass prices and continued demand for Hemlock solar materials. Net income for the quarter was $465 million, up 16% year-over-year, and EPS was $0.54, up 20% year-over-year, both growing at a faster rate than sales. We generated $171 million in free cash flow in the quarter and we are on track for another strong year of cash generation. In terms of capital deployment, we invested $383 million in CapEx. We declared a quarterly dividend of $0.27, which reflects the 12.5% increase announced in January, and we repurchased approximately $150 million of outstanding shares. Taking a closer look at profitability, first quarter gross margin expanded 10 basis points sequentially, and 80 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to the benefits of our pricing actions. Typically, aggregate price for the company and gross margin percent decline sequentially in the first quarter. This year both increased as we took price actions across all businesses. Additionally, first quarter operating margin expanded 140 basis points sequentially, and 50 basis points year-over-year. As we've previously discussed, we continue to experience increases in key input costs. We are tackling these challenges on multiple fronts. We're leveraging relationships with our suppliers to secure favorable long-term raw material pricing, our strategic approach to manufacture in region and to co-locate with customers has helped to shield us from some of the elevated freight and logistics costs. And most importantly, we are increasing price to more appropriately share rising costs of raw materials. We will continue our focus on these unusual costs as well as our normal rigorous cost reduction efforts. Combined with our pricing actions, we expect our gross margin percent to improve from the first quarter. I'm proud of the operational rigor our teams continue to apply and deliver. We're navigating with discipline and agility while capitalizing on our strong market positions. And we see -- we see the benefits in our improving profitability. With that background, let's take a closer look at our segment results. In Optical Communications, sales grew 28% year-over-year, reaching $1.2 billion for the first quarter as network operators increased capital spending. Net income was $166 million, up 50% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Corning continues to outpace the passive optical market and capture growth, which is driven by increased spending on 5G and broadband projects, along with the accelerated pace of data center builds as applications rapidly move to the cloud. Looking ahead, we continue to see strong demand for our Optical Communication Solutions. We believe the industry is at the beginning of a large multiyear wave of growth for passive optical networks. Project momentum is strong across our customer base. And as the broadband equity access and deployment program rolls out, it could add as much as a $1 billion a year to our market for 4 years, as starting as early is 2023. We believe that the combination of private network and public infrastructure investments will push the market into double-digit growth over the next few years, and that our solutions provide advantages, particularly lower labor requirements for customers. In Display, sales grew 11% year-over-year to 959 million. Net income was $236 million also up 11% year-over-year. Sequentially, the price for display glass was up slightly. As we have previously discussed, the display industry is driven by three main factors; retail demand, panel makers production and glass makers ability to supply panel makers. We continue to expect that glass at retail will grow in 2022 by a high single digit percentage driven by average screen size growth and TV unit growth. Over the last several months panel makers have been reducing their capacity utilization rate. We expect additional utilization reductions in the second quarter and we've reflected that expectation in our guidance. Nevertheless, similar to Q1, we expect second quarter price to be up slightly sequentially and glass supply and demand to remain tight. Two factors add to glass supply demand tightness. First, over the last 18 months, we have extended tanks beyond they're designed to life to support customer demand. Second, we have completely depleted our inventory, leading to higher logistics cost and missed opportunities. So, we plan to shutdown end of life tanks, upgrade to the latest technology and begin to replenish our inventory levels to ensure excellent service for our customers. We feel good about our outlook for 2022. We've completed long-term share agreements that cover well over 90% of our planned volume for the year. In 2022, overall, we expect glass supply to remain tight to balanced and the pricing environment to remain favorable. In total, we are very pleased with displays performance, and we're operating from a position of strength. In Specialty Materials, sales grew 9% year-over-year to $493 million. Net income was $75 million, down 18% year-over-year. This sales growth was driven by our more Corning strategy. Take the Samsung Galaxy S22 series for example. Our cover materials are on the front and back of these devices, including all five rear cameras on the Galaxy S22 Ultra. Also, we continue to benefit from the strength of our new-to-the-world. Apple's iPhone 13 launch and legacy product lines like the iPhone 12, which features ceramic shield resulted in increased premium glass sales year-over-year. In the quarter, investments in innovations that are moving towards commercialization resulted in lower net income versus first quarter 2021. We expect growth to accelerate and profitability to improve throughout the year as we introduce new innovations and capture more content per device. In the first quarter, environmental technology sales declined 7% year-over-year due to automaker production constraints. Net income was $74 million consistent with 2021. The auto industry has been experiencing variability from ongoing shortages of chips, components and raw materials. As a result, auto production has been paced by component availability versus consumer demand. Once these constraints are relieved, automakers will be able to increase production to satisfy pent-up vehicle demand, and we would expect significant sales growth from current levels. Moving to Life Sciences. Sales increased 3% year-over-year to $310 million. Net income was $42 million, down 13% year-over-year, primarily driven by COVID-related operational challenges in the first half of the quarter, which impacted our output. We expect growth going forward with strong demand for our products and production output increasing over first quarter levels. Finally, in Hemlock and Emerging Growth Businesses, sales increased 38% year-over-year to $375 million primarily driven by strong performance at Hemlock as we continue to see increased demand for solar materials. Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies also contributed to year-over-year growth. Our portfolio of vials and tubing has enabled the delivery of 5.5 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines. And automotive glass solutions grew year-over-year as well. The company has been awarded more than a $1 billion of business from multiple manufacturers and numerous car makes and models. In summary, we grew organic sales $500 million this quarter. On a year-over-year basis, we are growing faster than our end markets driven by our more Corning strategy. And as we look ahead, we're confident that our content driven strategy will continue to create outperformance and growth. Now let's talk about our outlook for the second quarter and how we're viewing the year. For the second quarter, we expect $3.7 billion to $3.9 billion in sales with EPS of $0.54 to $0.59. We expect benefits from pricing actions to accelerate in the quarter. And this guidance reflects our view of the most probable outcomes of potential COVID-19 lockdowns in China. For the full year, we're now expecting to exceed $15 billion in sales with growth at a high single-digit percentage. We expect EPS to grow up to a few percentage points faster than sales and gross margin to expand from the first quarter. And we anticipate another year of strong free cash flow in 2022. Our priorities for capital allocation remain the same, investing in profitable growth opportunities across our market access platforms, extending our leadership and rewarding our shareholders. We expect our return on invested capital to increase as we continue to reuse and repurpose assets, secure customer commitments and deliver on high ROIC projects. We're continuing to build a stronger, more resilient company that can deliver multiyear consistent and profitable growth. Now, as I wrap up my formal remarks, I'd like to leave you with a few key highlights. We're off to a great start in Q1. We see strong demand across all our businesses, and our pricing actions are beginning to take hold with more coming in the second quarter. In Display, we achieved a slight price increase in the first quarter. For the second quarter, we expect price to be up slightly sequentially, and glass and the supply and demand to remain tight. We expect Q2 sales in the range of $3.7 billion to $3.9 billion and EPS to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.59. And our guidance reflects our view of the most probable outcomes of potential COVID-19 lockdowns in China. We have an incredible set of opportunities across all of our market access platforms. For example, we see multiyear double-digit growth in optical. And in mobile consumer electronics, we have an exciting innovations in our pipeline that will deliver growth in the second half of this year and beyond. In total, we're a stronger and more balanced company today than we were even 5 years ago. And we are focused on commercial and operational execution to achieve broad based profitable growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Ann for Q&A.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks. Katherine, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the question. Really solid set of numbers here. I guess the -- one of the areas standing out to us is the display strength. And you'd called out pricing and supply demand meeting each other. I just wonder if maybe if you could talk a little bit about the inventory levels there. I know. Ed, in your comments, you said that you're still replenishing inventory. Can you talk a little bit about how much longer it takes to get to a point of inventory that you're satisfied with, and then I have a follow-up to that? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the comments, Rod. It's Wendell. The -- our inventory is still well below where we would like it to be in display for service levels. We're hoping to have the opportunity in quarter two to rebuild it, remains to be seen whether or not we can - whether or not demand will allow us to be able to get that to the service levels we'd like. Right now, if you would ask us, we'd say probably wouldn't be till later in the year. Before we could get our service levels to the spot that we would like that have a little bit more contained logistics cost, a little bit easier for our customers to pull when they need it.
Rod Hall: Okay, great. Thanks. Wendell. And then I also wanted to -- I wanted to just ask about capacity constrain. I know in the past you guys have talked about optical and Hemlock both being constrained. I know Hemlock capacity, it seemed like you could bring on pretty quickly. Optical, I know there's a facility in Poland under construction. I just wonder if you could talk a little bit about where we are in terms of capacity constrain there, and bringing new capacity on for those two particular units?
Wendell Weeks: That's a great question. If we could make more, we could sell more. So, we are -- you quite rightly point out the already announced capacity expansions. And as always, we're working with our customers to see if they're willing to make the appropriate level of commitments to be able to make us feel comfortable that we would add additional capacity. Those discussions have not been completed as of yet. So, what we are doing is we're focusing on ramping the already announced expansions and we're trying to accelerate those as much as we can. Demand remains robust.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay. Thanks a lot, Wendell. I really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Two follow-ups. One, on the margin profile is interesting. The Display margin declined sequentially despite a slight increase, but other segments have materially increased in margin. And I just want to understand how those dynamics have played out. Was it just a display higher cost? Or did you have a better ability to raise prices out of the display? And I have a follow-up.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes, hi. This is Ed. So, I think in the aggregate, the primary driver of our margin profile increase is raising price. As Wendell mentioned, and we talked a little bit about in our formal remarks, price was actually up in the quarter sequentially. So that's driving the increase in our margins in the aggregate. It plays out a little differently across all of our business segments.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Just a quick follow-up on Optical. You highlighted, I think I heard you incremental revenue of a $1 billion. You also highlighted how you're tied to capacity. How do you see adding capacity? How -- what's the lead times for optical? And what would it take for you to realize this incremental revenue? I think you said $1 billion.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes. sSo we have capacity in Optical coming online in the back half of this year, that will increase our capacity and allow us as you heard Wendell say to meet some of the unmet demand we have right now. And then as we see the demand profile playing out, we will make decisions around when we would add additional capacity. Obviously, having customer commitments will be a big part in how and when we do that.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question, Katherine?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you. Just first a clarification on free cash flow. It was much lower than what I was expecting, given your profitability and revenue. What should we expect for free cash flow cadence for the remainder of the year? And then I have a quick follow-up.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes. Hi, Asiya. So, a couple of things I would say on free cash flow. First, generally, Q1 is the low quarter for us relative to the rest of the year. We expect sales to expand. So we built some working capital in the quarter. You'll see that inventory was up from the beginning of the quarter. So that's a driver of why free cash flow was a little low. And if you think about it relative to last year, we were at a much lower sales level and not necessarily expecting as much growth. So we didn't build as much inventory. In fact, we actually depleted inventory a little bit in Q1. I think you can think of us having similar year, as we've had in 2021 with respect to free cash flow this year.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Okay, thank you. And then just on Display and cover glass demand, I understand pricing is obviously working in your favor for those segments and in aggregate. Do you also expect display unit demand to go up here in the second quarter and as the year progresses, I know at one point you were talking about China demand and just TV unit demand increasing as the year progresses, given World Cup that we have in the back half? Is that kind of still the outlook that you think just given the macro headwinds that are there for consumer spending.
Wendell Weeks: So, in retail for Display, basically after sort of above trendline, retail sales at the beginning of the pandemic. Last year, television sales were down, sort of well below mean, well below the trend line. And so, this year, we -- and really the rest of the industry expect retail to revert towards, but not actually reaching the mean. And therefore, it'd be up year-over-year. As we looked at the quarter one retail data, we -- it was a little bit lower than what our models would have anticipated. And but we still anticipate growth for the year and we reflected some of that lower growth rate into the guidance that we have given you. So that's what we think is going on in Display. Does that address your question?
Asiya Merchant: Yes. And then similarly, on smartphones, which are more of a covered glass story, I mean, there is talks, as you know, just dour outlook for smartphones with the exception of a few OEMs that are doing well. What's kind of baked into your outlook for specialty glass for the remainder of the year? Because I think you said growth should accelerate from the 9% level that you guys delivered in 1Q.
EdwardSchlesinger: So, for us in Mobile Consumer Electronics, it's really so much more of a content story than a unit growth story. If you look over the last number of years, smartphone sales have been relatively flat and like our revenues been up over 40%. So, it's really a more a Corning content story. We expect that content story to continue to be favorable for us as we move through the next couple of years, at least.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question. We have a question from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Martin Yang: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. You highlighted some impact from China lockdowns to be baked into your guidance. Can you maybe go into more details on how are you directly or indirectly affected by the lockdowns? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. Hi, Martin. I would say that, for sure, we're seeing an impact across the entire supply chain, us, our customers and our suppliers. We're managing through it quite well. And we've reflected the perspective that will continue to see sort of rolling lock downs, if you will, through various different jurisdictions in China. I would say we're not expecting sort of a full Chinese economic shutdown in the way we think about our guidance. What we do, and we think our way through this, because we have to develop our different operating models is -- what we -- it was doing a lot of work with our various professionals to try to take a look at what are the most probabilistic outcomes here? What are the more probable outcomes, and then to design our operating contours to meet those? And how would we flex in certain ways to make sure that we're able to protect our people and still be able to serve our customers. And then what we’ve done is we've taken those potential outcomes, and then tried to build those into the financial guidance that we have given to you.
Martin Yang: Got it. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: We have a question from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. I guess I had a question on pricing. I think one of the concerns going into your results was there was a big increase in metals, oil prices that might have affected your input costs beyond what you had contracted forward. How do we get comfortable with the idea that if inflation continues to be a negative surprise that you are able to pass through pricing on a pretty timely basis. I imagine it's different by different. I imagine it's different by different business units, and then I had a follow-up if I could.
Wendell Weeks: So, we're deployed against that, Steven, as you know, right. And we are -- I think the best evidence for our ability to do that was just in our Q1 results, and in our Q2 guide. So that being said, as always, let's see how the cost profiles evolve. So far, what we have discovered is that our customers are working with us in partnership to more appropriately share the increased cost that we experience. We would expect that to continue.
Steven Fox: Okay, that's helpful. And then just maybe on the auto grade glass number. The $1 billion of business that you've booked. Can you put that in perspective relative to just how all these new models are coming out? I think there's like 25 or 26, new EV models coming out in 2022 alone. What percentage of sort of that -- those new models are you capturing? Where maybe content is higher? Like, can you give us an idea of where you are in sort of going after that iceberg? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Steve, that's a great question. Let's reflect some on that. And let's have and get back to you and try to think about the best way to address that sort of that second question.
Steven Fox: Okay.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you.
Steven Fox: All right. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is open.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on some of the comments earlier about specialty glass and smartphones. You guys are pretty prescriptive in terms of the content opportunity in auto. Do you have a similar kind of number when you think about smartphones, in terms of content per unit? I mean, you say you expect that to increase. But is there a dollar number or a quantitative way we should think about that for the next couple of years?
Wendell Weeks: That's an -- you guys are asking excellent questions. That's another excellent question. We do expect it to increase. I'm sort of not at liberty to say, sort of, in what way because that would give some insight into. Some of our customers were exciting new product of features. But let us think a little bit about is there a more macro index way to think about your question, because that's a reasonable question and let us reflect on that one, too.
Josh Spector: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess the first one, I did want to see if you can give us a bit more color about the margins in Optical Communication. You had really strong margins there, about 100 basis points up sequentially. Is that again, a lot of price driven by your pricing actions. And maybe you can talk to how you think about margin progression from here on, particularly, how easy is it to take pricing actions with some of the service provider customers? And I’ve a quick follow-up. Thanks.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes, thanks. The -- I would say the primary driver is price in Optical Communications. Of course, as sales go up, we would expect margins to go up as well. I think as we go forward, as Wendell mentioned, we will continue to look to increase price and you will see how input costs play out. And that will certainly impact how our margin progresses. But we do expect gross margin in total for the company to go up from the first quarter.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. And for my follow-up, if I can just create a full year guide, you're guiding toward high single-digit revenue growth versus mid-single-digit prior. It doesn't sound like display or environmental are big drivers of that. So, if you can just help us understand a bit more at the segment level. What are the big drivers in terms of changing expectations? And if pricing or sort of getting better price realization through the quarter helped sort of increase that target as well. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Certainly better price realization helps on the revenue line. And I would say optical continues to gain strength. But we have some good contributions really across the platform in a pretty balanced way. But it is Optical continues to provide a lot of our year-over-year growth this year continues to be a nice driver for us.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Just wanted to follow-up on the Optical business. Could you talk a little bit, it looks like the telco business was very strong, but enterprise ticked down a little bit. What's going on with that piece of the business? Is it just kind of lumpiness of hyperscale? Or is there anything else going on there? And when you think about the capacity improvements that you're seeing in the second half, what -- what's driving that, which of the businesses and maybe just one -- last one on that hyperscale piece, if you can talk about maybe pricing between hyperscale and telco? Is it similarly easy to push the higher price into both of those verticals? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Okay, let's take them in order. I think, Tim, first of all, you've got to write on enterprise versus telecom thing. I think it's just timing, right? We see nothing systemic. We continue to see strong demand in both platforms for us. The -- I got the pricing one. So, for the pricing one -- pricing is always challenging. These are all very big players. I wouldn't construe one as being easier than the other. What I would say is that both understand the situations that we face, and both value us very much for our ability to supply in the innovations that we bring. There's an interesting little sort of, I think, sub story that is going on for us. And it's also behind some of our numbers this year, is we're introducing a number of new innovations that once again introduce more Corning into the solutions. As everybody is struggling with installation, both having getting enough people and the accelerating cost of doing installation, whether you're trying to build hyperscale, you're trying to build a wireline or you're trying to build a wireless network. What we've done is we've introduced and we're going to continue to introduce a series of very new products that dramatically reduce installation time -- in installation, labor, content especially the need for highly skilled labor. So those are also increasing the amount of revenue per link that we receive. So really, it's also a more a Corning strategy that you're going to see drive our results strongly as well. Did I miss one for you, Tim? Did you have another that I missed [multiple speakers]?
Tim Long: I just wanted to understand the capacity increases that you have planned for Optical kind of what -- is that just the same broad-based demand? Is there anything more specific that's feeding that need?
Wendell Weeks: Yes, we have both fiber and cable capacity coming online, so that sort of feeds almost everything we do across all of our customers. So that will give us capacity in many places in the Optical space.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Ed, you noted improvement in gross margin sequentially here in the second quarter. I was hoping maybe you could calibrate that a little bit. Should we expect gross margins to also be up on a year-on-year basis in the second quarter and how about for the full year? And I’ve a follow-up.
EdwardSchlesinger: So, I would say that we you should think of about it sequentially, it's just easier for us in terms of how we think about it, because of increasing inflation and increasing prices. If you get $1 of inflation and you offset that with $1 of price, your gross margin dollars are flat, but your percentage actually goes down. So, you sort of have this headwind you have to overcome. So through the year, we expect to overcome that headwind because we have price coming in, and we'll continue to grow our sales. So, I think of it as gross margin going up sequentially from Q1 to Q2.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thanks, Ed. One point Tony had said he did not expect to change the yen hedge level under his tenure, and the yen has clearly moved a lot recently. He obviously stuck to that. But can you give us some explicit levels where you're hedged at for the next 3 years, just given the magnitude of the move in the yen be helpful to recalibrate all of us on how far away from 107? If you're going to move away from 107, how far away from that you're considering to re-hedge or already hedged that? And just what -- how much of your exposure is hedged at 107 in the next couple of years? Thank you.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes. Thanks for that question. So, a couple of things. First, I just want to step back a little bit and remind everyone we hedge the yen and other Asian currencies, where we have significant exposure. We think of it as sort of a basket of exposures. We've been doing that for quite some time, we've been successful. And you've heard us say we've almost have $2 billion worth of cash received under these programs, we've been successful. We're pretty fully hedged out, 18 months or so. And then we have a material amount of our exposure hedged beyond that certainly in '23, and then we have hedges into 2024, and even some hedges in some of those currencies beyond that. So, I would not anticipate us certainly for the next couple of years changing our core rate from 107.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: We have a question from Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
MatthewNiknam: Hey, thanks for taking the question. So, most of the model and housekeeping related questions have been asked, so I'm going to ask a higher level one. And so, on the commentary and prepared remarks, you talked about the company's strong top line growth potential, obviously, some operating leverage as well, though. It seems like there's a disconnect between fundamentals and stock valuation, which hasn't necessarily rerated to reflect the upside. And so, I'm wondering, what do you think the Street's most under appreciating? And then what can the company do to help maybe unlock some more value in shares? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: I think that the thing that Street most misses is that we have two big dynamics going on that maybe we had to adjust to. First is the success of our more Corning strategy. More and more of our content is being adopted into products that our customers already buy. And that gives us a lot of revenue leverage that is not dependent upon just people buying more stuff. That content story is very powerful one. And I think was also reflected in some of the questions that we got earlier in the call that were really good questions. And perhaps, we need to do a little bit better job of giving folks an idea of the power of that leverage is they think long-term about it. The next is, we are on top of some major secular trends. And the reason we've been around 170 years is we're really good at starting early on major technology trends that use our three core technologies at our four manufacturing and engineering platforms. And we're against trends that long-term are going to just be very powerful. You even saw some of them play out sort of in the surprises that people got in Q1. So Optical Communications people continue to underestimate mainly because they're missing just one a strong macro secular trend it is for now in 5G for cloud, as well as enhanced broadband across the globe. Even within Display, I think the big secular trend was the move to larger and larger displays, which are best expressed through Gen 10.5, which because of our long-term thoughtful technology innovations, we have our sort of unfair share of the expression of as displays go bigger. A new one, I think that people are beginning to get a grasp on, but still not yet reflecting is this sort of opportunity in renewable energy that are material set about 3 or 4 can potentially bring. And all of those were just in Q1. Plus, we have that same sort of big, macro secular trends in a number of our other areas. And I think in general, folks tend to be a little bit slow in realizing that those are the trend lines that any company is following. And we just need to continue to put up the type of results that you seen us do here, and that are in our guide for Q2 and for the year. And part of us believes that nothing will help change minds quite like consistent performance on our part, and that's where we focus.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Wendell.
MatthewNiknam: That's great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Operator, we can squeeze in one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Maybe jumping [ph] on the renewable energy piece, just wanted to see if Hemlock is -- are you guys still selling on the inventory there? Or when would you expect capacity to ramp up there? And then maybe just on the Display business, just what is the timing of some of those tanks being taken offline? Thanks.
EdwardSchlesinger: Hi, Meta. So, in terms of Hemlock, as we've shared, we had a lot of inventory. We sold out almost all that inventory in 2021 and we started to ramp capacity in the fourth quarter. We shared that on our last conference call, and we've been ramping that capacity through the first quarter, we're sort of almost at the rate at which we want to be, to be able to serve the demand we have. And so, a little bit of inventory sold in Q1, but really now starting to sell the product that we're producing, and would expect to do that for the remainder of this year and forward. And then, in terms of Display, tanks, I think, as Wendell mentioned earlier, I think a lot of that will depend on how much demand we see in the second quarter. So, we definitely need to take those tanks down and replenish our inventory as we work through it, but part of that will be how robust the demand is in Q2.
Wendell Weeks: So we've tried to do is reflect that. And really, for us now, our manufacturing platforms is a little of a Rubik's Cube, because those manufacturing platforms serve our Mobile Consumer Electronics business, our Automotive business, and our Display business. And so what we need to do is sort of find different ways to get those technology upgrades in getting much needed repairs and maintenance. And so, putting that all together is what we try to reflect in our guide. I think one of the things that makes it challenging to evaluate from outside is that really with the way we make product. So our manufacturing platform serves many different outlets. So it's like hard to drive a direct line between what's happening in panels and directly into what will happen into our glass manufacturing. Because really we have demand overall for our fusion platform and our overall melting capability. That's a long way of basically saying we're feathering it in whenever we can, and we tried to reflect our best understanding in our guide to you.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you so much.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Thanks, Meta, and thank you everybody for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that we will attend the JP Morgan Global Technology Media and Communications Conference on May 24. The Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference on June 2, the Bank of America Securities Global Technology Conference on June 8; and the Fox Advisors Virtual Transportation Technology Conference on June 23. Additionally, we're going to be hosting management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a replay of today's call will be available on our website starting later this morning. Once again, thanks for joining us. Katherine, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Inc. Quarter Four 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning’s quarter four 2021 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer; and Ed Schlesinger, currently serving as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the fourth quarter, the largest differences between our GAAP and core results stem from non-cash mark-to-market gains associated with the company’s currency hedging contracts and non-cash impairment charges. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this increased GAAP earnings in Q4 by $86 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using constant currency rates aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We have received more than $1.8 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann and good morning everyone. Today, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2021 results. We delivered another strong quarter of year-over-year growth. For the fourth quarter, sales were $3.7 billion, up 12% year-over-year. We generated EPS of $0.54 and free cash flow of $425 million. For the full year, sales were $14.1 billion, up 23% year-over-year. We generated EPS of $2.07, up 49% year-over-year and we nearly doubled free cash flow. In addition, we achieved double-digit ROIC. We expanded our operating margin by 230 basis points. We increased our dividend by 9% and we reduced our outstanding shares by 5% through the resumption of share repurchases. By leveraging our fundamental capabilities and our more Corning strategy, we are capturing a compelling set of short and long-term opportunities across our portfolio. We are performing well in a challenging environment and we have momentum entering the year. Now all of that said, our gross margin is simply not where it should be. As we said last quarter, throughout the pandemic, we have prioritized protecting our people and delivering for our customers in a complex inflationary environment and it has come at a cost. Over the last several months, we have negotiated with customers to increase prices in our long-term contracts to more appropriately share the increased cost we are experiencing. We are focused on expanding our gross margin and expect improvement in 2022 as our sales growth and our price actions take hold throughout the year. Last quarter, we also discussed our expectations for our display business. I am pleased to report we had another strong quarter of display revenues and profits in quarter four. Display glass pricing is expected to be flat sequentially in the first quarter. The supply demand balance for display glass is tight. In 2022, we expect overall glass supply to remain tight to balanced and the pricing environment to remain favorable. This morning, you will hear more on these and other priorities for 2022, our focus on how we intend to maintain our growth and positive momentum that Tony and Ed will discuss our results as well as our plan to enhance our profitability and overall financial strength. So let’s dive in. We have been delivering consistent growth. Sales have been up for six quarters in a row. Since 2019, we have grown sales by 21% and EPS by 18%, with more balanced and consistent contributions across our businesses. Everything begins with our cohesive portfolio. We are the world leader in glass science, ceramic science and optical physics along with our four proprietary manufacturing and engineering platforms. We focus our strategy on capturing synergies among these capabilities and applying them to create disruptive innovations. Across multiple industries, we work closely with many of the most influential and successful companies to bring our world leading capabilities to bear on their toughest challenges. In the process, we help move the world forward. As we partner with our customers to advance their visions, our probability of success increases as we combine our capabilities, reapply our talent and repurpose existing assets. This provides a powerful value creation lever by unlocking new ways to integrate more of our content into our customers’ ecosystems. We aren’t exclusively relying on people buying more stuff. We are driving more Corning content into the products they are already buying. Our progress in 2021 illustrates the effectiveness of our approach and it gives us confidence that we are building on a strong foundation for additional growth in 2022. In Optical Communications, we’ve returned to growth, with sales up 22% in 2021 and we expect strong growth to continue. Operators are expanding network capacity, capability and access. The pace of data center construction is accelerating as more applications move to the cloud and data creation continues to soar and fiber-rich wireless deployments are underway. Meanwhile, governments around the world are initiating plans to extend the reach of broadband to more people in more places as network access is increasingly viewed as a human right. For example, the recently passed U.S. Infrastructure bill allocates $65 billion in new spending for broadband infrastructure, including $42 billion for new network builds. Our customers are stating their preferences for fiber to build these networks. As the only large scale end-to-end manufacturer of optical solutions, Corning plays a vital role in driving the continued expansion of connectivity. We are working even more closely with industry players at the regional and national levels, including expanding our long-time collaboration with AT&T. Stepping back, we are at the beginning of a large multiyear wave of growth for passive optical networks. Project momentum is strong across our customer base. And as U.S. infrastructure plans roll out, it could add as much as $1 billion a year to the market for 4 years, starting as early as 2023. We believe private carrier and public infrastructure investments will push the market into double-digit growth over the next few years. In Life Sciences, we are delivering growth on multiple fronts, with sales up 24% in 2021. We are seeing ongoing demand in support of a global pandemic response. Our inventions are also helping the industry advance the transition to cell and gene-based therapies. And we are making progress on our multibillion dollar content opportunity in our pharmaceutical packaging business. After introducing Valor Glass vials in 2017, we recently introduced Velocity vials. These vials are helping industry leading drug makers increase efficiency and throughput to drive faster manufacturing of vaccines to help meet global demand. Velocity joins Valor and our glass tubing business as we build a comprehensive end-to-end pharmaceutical packaging portfolio. In fact, our portfolio has enabled the delivery of nearly 5 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines so far. And earlier this week, West Pharmaceutical Services, a global leader in injectable drug administration, announced a long-term supply agreement and technology investment in Corning to enhance injectable drug packaging systems. In automotive, 2021 sales in our Environmental Technologies segment increased 16% to reach an all-time high $1.6 billion despite weakness in the automotive market related to chip shortages. We are pursuing a $100 per car content opportunity driven by trends that are reshaping the auto industry and re-imagining the car. We delivered multiple proof points in 2021. Daimler launched the Hyperscreen dashboard display in the Mercedes-Benz EQS. The display features a Gorilla Glass cover nearly 5 feet wide. Building on this momentum, we entered a new automotive product category with our curved mirror solutions. This innovation is enabling the augmented reality head-up display in Hyundai’s electric crossover, the IONIQ 5. And Jeep announced a product that brings our tough technical glass into their iconic vehicles. The new Jeep performance parts windshield featuring Gorilla Glass is now a factory installed option on the Wrangler and Gladiator. Additionally, tighter emissions regulations continue to provide a strong content opportunity for our environmental solutions. Our newest generation of gasoline particulate filters helped vehicles including hybrids, achieve even lower levels of fine particulate tailpipe emissions. The contributions of our GPF business provide a strong illustration of our more Corning strategy in action. Since 2017, Environmental Technologies sales have increased more than 40%, while global car sales have decreased by 20%. Let’s turn to Mobile Consumer Electronics, where 2021 sales increased 7% and we surpassed the $2 billion in sales for the first time. Since 2016 specialty materials has added nearly $900 million on a base of $1.1 billion in a smartphone market that has been flat to down. As we help our customers deliver new value to their users, more of our content is deployed in each device sold. That is another great illustration of more Corning in action. Our industry leading innovations continued to garner widespread accolades. In fact, SaaS company named Corning the most innovative company in the consumer electronics category for 2021 touting Ceramic Shield, the world’s first transparent and color-free glass ceramic as close “virtually indestructible” and recognizing Gorilla Glass Victus as the toughest Gorilla Glass yet. We continue to see strong demand for both of these premium products. In 2021, more than 125 devices, including smartphones, wearables, tablets and laptops, launched featuring Gorilla Glass. And we expanded our capabilities into a new category by introducing Gorilla Glass with DX and DX+ to optimize mobile phone cameras. These composite products create an attractive opportunity to increase our revenue per device. Finally, in 2021, Apple awarded Corning an additional $45 million from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund. To-date, Corning has received $495 million in total from Apple’s fund. We are investing in multiple new inventions and innovations for mobile consumer electronics and we are excited about the potential in 2022 and beyond. Turning to Display, our leadership in large glass puts us in a position of strength. 2021 sales grew 17% to $3.7 billion. Our volume exceeded glass market growth as we ramp Gen 10.5 facilities that supply glass for large-sized TVs, which are expected to grow at a high-teens compound annual growth rate over the next several years. In 2022, we expect overall glass supply to remain tight to balanced and the pricing environment to remain favorable. We continue to believe the retail market will grow, led by higher TV unit sales and growth in average screen size. Across our markets, long-term growth drivers are strong and our role is clear. We lead in capabilities that are vital to progress. Our approach provides exciting opportunities for Corning inventions to make a positive impact on the world. And it underscores our commitment to moving the world forward in everything that we do. Now, let me give you some examples outside of the operational context. In 2021, we hosted COVID-19 vaccination clinics at Corning sites around the world. In Reynosa, Mexico, for example, we helped administer more than 100,000 doses of vaccines and boosters to employees and community members. And we provided more than 200,000 diagnostic tests for employees around the world. We kicked off a 5-year $5.5 million partnership with the nation’s largest historically black university, North Carolina A&T. Our work will prepare students for STEM careers. We engaged our Board of Directors to provide guidance and resources to our office of racial equality and social unity, utilizing our members’ diverse experience, gender, age and ethnicity to advance this new initiative. We achieved gender pay equity globally for all salaried employees and we expanded the reach of our DE&I office with regional business counsels. And finally, we committed to greenhouse gas goals that align with the Paris agreement and we signed solar contracts at Hemlock that will help the world address its renewable energy goals. I feel very good about our efforts to bolster equality inside and outside the company and our progress on our sustainability initiatives. Overall, we continue to build a stronger, more resilient company. We are in the early innings of exciting industry transformations and key trends are converging around our capabilities. You can see it in our results. You can see it in our outlook for 2022 and advancement of new businesses towards significant commercial sales over the next few years. Of course, to keep advancing during Corning’s next 170 years, we must focus on growing and developing our leaders. We have a new generation who are stepping up to guide this company to a very exciting phase of its history and into the future. And I am working closely with each of them. To that end, I want to recognize Tony as he prepares to hand over the reins to Ed in just a few weeks. The strong position we are in today certainly reflects the many contributions he has made throughout more than three decades of excellent service to Corning. Tony, we thank you and wish you the very best in retirement. At the same time, I am excited to welcome Ed into the CFO role, which he starts on February 18. Ed has long played a key role in the growth and financial strength of our company. Tony and I have worked closely with him during that time and I look forward to the important contributions he will make in this new position. So, let me turn the call over to Tony and Ed, who will share more details on our results, our priorities and our outlook for 2022.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell and good morning everyone. Our growth initiatives are succeeding and we delivered another quarter of excellent year-over-year growth that capped off a truly exceptional year. For the full year, sales increased 23% and EPS was up 49%. All of our segments grew with 4 out of 5 increasing sales by a double-digit percentage. It was a strong year even compared to pre-pandemic levels. Since 2019, we have grown sales by 21% and EPS by 18%. We nearly doubled free cash flow to $1.8 billion, which is a conversion rate of 97% for the year. We achieved double-digit ROIC and we utilized our strong cash generation to reward shareholders. We increased our dividend 9% and we reduced our outstanding shares by 5% to the resumption of share repurchases. On so many dimensions, we are feeling great. That said, as you heard from Wendell, our gross margin percentage is not where it should be. In the fourth quarter, gross margin was 36.5%, down 180 basis points sequentially. As expected, below normal auto production and seasonally lower sales in specialty materials reduced profitability. In addition, we restarted idle polysilicon capacity to support Hemlock’s new long-term solar contracts thus incurring temporary startup cost. We expect to expand gross margin percent throughout the year. We negotiated pricing increases in long-term customer contracts to more appropriately share the higher cost that we are experiencing. These increases take effect and accelerate throughout the year. As always, we expect to deliver on a robust cost reduction program. The combined benefits of these efforts should offset the cumulative inflation we experienced over the last year and what we anticipate for 2022. Our gross and operating margins will also benefit from growing volume. Our operating leverage is such that additional volume drives good incremental profitability and becomes even more apparent as we offset inflation. We expect volume increases throughout the year. As our volumes increase and our pricing actions take effect, our gross margin percent will grow. As a reminder, the first quarter is usually our lowest volume quarter of the year. We expect Specialty Materials to improve on its normal cycle, with Q1 typically being the lowest quarter of the year. Environmental Technologies sales will improve with the resolution of the chip shortage, which we expect to happen later in the year. And Optical Communications will grow as we fill the capacity that we’re adding to meet growing demand. For the year, we expect price increases cost reductions and volume growth. Putting this all together, we expect Q1 to be the lowest gross margin percent quarter of the year and for gross margin to grow from there. Now let’s take a closer look at performance in each of our businesses during the fourth quarter and the full year. Let’s begin with Optical Communications. Fourth quarter sales were up 7% sequentially, exceeding $1.2 billion. Net income increased to 12%. For the full year, sales grew 22% to $4.3 billion, and net income was up 51%. We grew significantly faster than the passive optical market. National and regional carriers increased capital spending on 5G and broadband projects. Additionally, enterprise sales were up as customers increase spending on data center builds. Full year net income grew 51% driven by the incremental volume despite cost headwinds related to materials and logistics. We’re entering 2022 with a sales run rate 25% higher than where we started in 2021, and we have a strong order book. We continue to see significant public and private investments in fiber infrastructure as operators work to expand capacity, capability and access, and we expect a large multiyear wave of growth. In fact, we believe private carrier and public infrastructure investments will push the market into double-digit growth. We’re adding capacity to capture the growing demand, and we feel really good about our position as the only large-scale end-to-end manufacturer of optical solutions. Turning to Display, in the fourth quarter, sales were $942 million, up 12% year-over-year and net income was $252 million, up 16% year-over-year. For the full year, sales were $3.7 billion, up 17% year-over-year. Net income reached $960 million, up 34% year-over-year. The pricing environment was favorable throughout the year, and our excellent operational performance allowed us to continue to lead the market. In the third quarter, we provided detail about our perspective on the Display industry based on three main factors: Retail demand, panel makers production and glass makers’ ability to supply panel makers. Our fourth quarter performance and first quarter outlook reaffirm our expectations. We continue to expect that glass at retail will grow in 2022 by high single digits, driven by TV unit and screen size growth. We expect display glass pricing to be flat sequentially in the first quarter and supply-demand balance for display glass to be tight. We expect glass supply-demand to remain tight to balanced in 2022 and the pricing environment to remain favorable. Overall, we are very pleased with Display’s performance in 2021, and we feel good about our outlook for 2022. We’re operating from a position of strength, and we intend to build on our momentum as we move forward. In Environmental Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $353 million, down 9% sequentially and 21% year-over-year. Fourth quarter net income was $54 million, down 10% sequentially and 42% year-over-year on lower sales volume. These declines were driven by auto production constraints created by the semiconductor chip shortage that began in the second quarter of last year. As expected, this negatively impacted profitability for the segment and the company. Now even with this temporary setback caused by the chip shortage, for the full year, we were able to deliver double-digit sales growth, enabled by our content-driven growth strategy. Full year sales were nearly $1.6 billion, up 16% year-over-year, primarily driven by strength in heavy-duty diesel and greater adoption of gas particulate filters. For the full year, net income was $269 million, up 37% year-over-year. As we look ahead, we’re confident that our content-driven approach will continue to drive outperformance. And when the automotive market rebounds with the resolution of the chip shortage, we expect significant growth from current levels. Turning to Specialty Materials, sales were $518 million, down 7% sequentially on normal seasonality. Sales were down 5% year-over-year versus a strong Q4 in 2020 following the launch of Ceramic Shield. Fourth quarter net income was $92 million, down sequentially and year-over-year, driven by the lower sales volume. Full year sales were up 7% and exceeded $2 billion, driven by continued strong sales of premium cover materials. Demand also remains strong for advanced optics content used in semiconductor manufacturing as the broader end market continues to experience robust growth. Despite sales being up, full year net income was down as we invested strongly in new innovations that will be commercialized in the coming year. We have grown sales every year since 2016 through our more Corning approach despite smartphone unit sales maturing. Over that 5-year period, we’ve added nearly $900 million in sales on a base of $1.1 billion. Looking ahead, in 2022, we expect sales to grow faster than our underlying markets driven by continuing adoption of our innovations and growth in advanced optics specifically in products for EUV lithography. And as I mentioned here, we expect sales to increase from the seasonal low levels we expect in the first quarter. And finally, turning to Life Sciences, we had a great year with total sales topping $1.2 billion, up 24% year-over-year. Fourth quarter sales were $317 million, up 16% year-over-year. This strong performance was driven by ongoing demand to support the global pandemic response, continued recovery in academic and pharmaceutical research labs and strong demand for bioproduction vessels and diagnostic-related consumables. Full year net income was $194 million, up 40%. Fourth quarter net income was $49 million, up 17% year-over-year. Looking ahead to 2022, we expect our strong growth to continue, driven by COVID-19 vaccine rollouts, strong research funding, lab utilization returning to pre-pandemic levels and growth in the bioproduction segment. I also want to spend a minute on our other segment. As a reminder, the majority of sales in our other segment are in Hemlock Semiconductor Group. During the year, Hemlock saw new demand for solar-grade polysilicon. With the increased activity and interest in U.S.-based solar manufacturing, customers have turned to Hemlock, a leader in polysilicon manufacturing. So in addition to selling polysilicon for use in semiconductors, Hemlock was able to sell solar polysilicon from inventory. Going forward, solar remains a strong revenue opportunity for Hemlock. In the fourth quarter, we signed long-term take-or-pay supply contracts with customer deposits that start to shift in 2022. As a result, we restarted idle capacity with minimal capital investment to meet this demand. As I mentioned earlier, gross margins were impacted in the fourth quarter as we incurred temporary cost to restart solar polysilicon capacity. This will improve throughout the year as solar production increases. Additionally, our auto glass and pharmaceutical packaging emerging businesses are also in the other segment. And both businesses significantly grew sales during the year as well. Stepping back, we made strong progress across all of our businesses in 2021. We entered new product categories, announced collaboration with key industry leaders and contributed to significant industry advancements. We’re building a strong foundation for future growth. This combined with our consistent focus on innovation and deep commitment to RD&E is what continues to fuel and sustain Corning’s leadership position across its markets. Looking ahead, we expect Corning sales and EPS to grow year-over-year in the first quarter. We expect sales to be in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion and EPS in the range of $0.48 to $0.53. Sales are down sequentially due to typical seasonal volume declines. For the full year, we expect sales of approximately $15 billion and profit to grow faster than sales. Before I turn things over to Ed, I’d like to take a moment to express my gratitude. First, to all Corning employees whose dedication and commitment to this great company is such an inspiration. Second, to those of you on the call and all our shareholders, for being, with being on this journey with us, we’re working hard every day to maintain your trust and reward your confidence in us. And finally, I’d like to thank Wendell, Ed and my fellow members of Corning’s senior leadership team. I’m proud to have played a role in building the strong foundation Corning has today. It’s truly been a wonderful journey. As Ed takes the reins in just a few weeks, I’m fully confident in his ability to build on this foundation and continue creating value for all our shareholders. With that, I’ll turn it over to Ed.
Ed Schlesinger: Thanks, Tony, and hello, everyone. I’m looking forward to connecting with you in the days and months ahead so we can expand on the thoughts I share today and address any questions you may have. Before I start, I’d like to say that it’s been an honor working alongside Tony all these years. Under his tenure, we met or exceeded all the goals of our 4-year strategy and capital allocation framework. And today, we’re performing well against the subsequent goals we outlined in our strategy and growth framework in 2019. Our execution has created a stronger, more resilient Corning and that provided vital – proved vital as the pandemic unfolded. Our solid footing enabled us to preserve our financial strength throughout 2020, and it kept us well positioned for growth in 2021. Throughout it all, Tony’s focus on financial stewardship has been central to our results, and I plan to sustain that disciplined approach. So let me walk through my priorities as CFO as I work to ensure that Corning continues to be an excellent steward of capital. We expect another strong year of cash generation in 2022, and our financial priorities remain unchanged. We will continue to invest of cash to support organic growth, extend our leadership and reward shareholders. First, we will continue to invest for growth, primarily through RD&E and CapEx. RD&E is fundamental to our long-term success and our allocation will be consistent with previous years. In 2022, we expect to keep CapEx consistent with 2021. Our investments include adding capacity to meet growing demand, introduce new innovations and improve productivity. Shareholder returns also remain a key priority. In 2022, we expect to increase our dividend per share by approximately $0.10. And we expect to continue opportunistic share repurchases building on the 5% of outstanding shares we repurchased in 2021. In the near-term, improving gross margin is my top priority. We expect improvement throughout 2022 as sales grow and our pricing actions take hold. Overall, I’ll close today saying that I’m optimistic about our growth trajectory for 2022 and excited to step into the CFO role. We’re building on a strong foundation. Our capabilities are relevant to major trends playing out across the industries we serve. Our more Corning approach is working. And we’re executing effectively through some very volatile end markets, expanding relationships and commitments with our customers and extending our leadership position. Based on the growth drivers and financial priorities you’ve heard this morning, I feel good about delivering on our expectation to grow sales to $15 billion in 2022 with EPS growing even faster. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Ann for Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Okay. Shannon, we are ready for the first question. And I ask that folks please try to keep it to one question, so we can get through as many as we can.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. When you look at your comments on long-term contracts where you’re negotiating pricing, can you give us some sense of what percent of your revenue is tied into these contracts? And how should investors think about the bridge to $15 billion in revenues? How much of that increase would you say is pricing versus content versus market growth? Thank you. And Tony, thanks for all you’ve done for Corning. It’s been a pleasure working with you.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wamsi. I appreciate it.
Wendell Weeks: So let’s deal with the pricing question first. So first, let’s pull out Display for a moment. We provide glass pricing guidance each and every quarter in Display. And you know that we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable. And you just received both what happened in quarter four, which was flat sequential pricing in Display and our guide for flat sequential pricing in quarter one as well. As you look at – let’s take now take all of our other segments, Opto, Life Sciences, auto and MCE. If we take them as a whole, we expect price to be up in total dollars year-over-year. Now each of the businesses is different. There is different types of contracts. And then within each of those, you have different customers and different positions. So it’s hard to reach a general statement. But I think as you think about it analytically, basically, we expect prices, as a whole, in those segments to go up. Turning to the $15 billion, I think always for us, that you should be thinking about it primarily as being driven by our growth. The way – the sort of construct that you heard from Tony is that if you’ve looked back at this past year, our – we had cost inflation much higher than a normal year of increasing input costs. And when we’re looking at the pricing is that we expect to share that more appropriately with our customers. And the price, together with our more robust cost reduction will put us in a position to offset the inflation we’ve already experienced as well as what we anticipate for 2022. That allows the volume growth to drop to the gross margin line with our normal sort of robustness and without any sort of friction costs driven by excess inflation. So that’s the way we tend to think about the $15 billion. That’s the way we think about price, cost and then how it turns into gross margin percentage gains as volume grows and the price actions take effect.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Wendell.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Our next question from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. I wanted to ask on the optical comms business, obviously, pretty strong in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit, have you already started to see the benefits from the renewed agreement with AT&T? And looking out at this business, it sounds like you think you can see double-digit growth in the next several years. So could you talk a little bit about how you see the margin progression over time? Do you think net margins can get back to levels they were a few years ago given higher growth and pricing actions as well? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I think the short answer to that is, for sure, we think that margins will expand in this business for all the reasons that Wendell just explained I mean. First, we are taking pricing actions here that’s where a lot of our long-term supply agreements are and those will roll out through the year. And then secondly, when you combine it with the volume increase that we expect, so yes, we expect our margins to increase. And in terms of AT&T, obviously, they are a very important customer for us, and we continue to see the benefits from that relationship.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Martin Yang: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Can we maybe talk about the cadence for price increase and their associated margin expansion for the majority of this year? And is there any one quarter where we should expect most of the pricing impact to be fully accounted for?
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I mean, it’s – Martin, I mean it’s clearly going to roll out at different times at different pace by customers. We would expect to see some of it start kicking-in in Q1 and then accelerate from there. What we would expect to have happen is Q1 being our lowest quarter from a gross margin standpoint. And then when you add the sales volume increase that we expect, as we described how those dynamics work, we would expect gross margin to expand from there throughout the year.
Wendell Weeks: The way we tend to think about it cycle-wise, is that first quarter will be the lowest amount of incremental price, then it builds as the year goes on, as more and more of the contracts and increased pricing go into effect and as it applies to more volume just following our normal sort of seasonal cycle in our businesses.
Martin Yang: I guess I was trying to get at is, is there any potential for the price increase with customers, the effect of that to maybe lingering into 2023 also?
Wendell Weeks: It’s an excellent question. Like many things, when we wrestle with the issue of inflation, and we try to figure out how to deal with that problem, we learn things and we develop new tools. I would say that our customers have been very fair with us and they have been very favorable discussions. There is a good mutual understanding that we rely on each other. We are real partners. We tend not to be transactional with our customers. And our customers are transactional with us. So, the good news is those long-term nature of those relationships mean that each and every time we evolve that relationship, it tends to last. So, I think it all really depends on what happens with inflation going forward. The key thematic is that we will own our part with the type of rigorous cost reduction we normally do. But for these excess costs, this excess inflation, they have agreed to share that in a more appropriate fashion with us.
Martin Yang: Got it. That’s perfectly fair. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Tony, congrats on your retirement, and thanks for all your help over the years. Really appreciate it.
Tony Tripeny: Thanks Steve.
Steven Fox: In terms of my – thanks. In terms of my question, I guess I was wondering if you guys could dig into specialty materials a little bit more. It sounded like there were some new drivers that’s going to help sales growth this year. Just trying to understand maybe the new versus the more typical growth of the recent years and then maybe its impact on gross margins for the coming year? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Steve. Thanks, especially for the comments on Tony. I think when you think about specialty, you are just seeing the inverse of what you see this year in terms of margin. We are investing in new programs that are stealth in nature. As the spending has gone up, the investment has gone up as we begin to start to ramp some of those production assets, but they are not totally stable yet, and we are continuing to invest in the product technology. And what we expect is as we work our way through this year, those products will get introduced, they will start generating revenue, we will get more efficient in making them, and therefore, they will turn into profit – year-over-year profit gains as we work our way through 2022.
Steven Fox: So, more of a second half type thing you just said, Wendell?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I think more on the second half which is, as you know, tends to be relatively typical in mobile consumer electronics.
Steven Fox: Yes. Got it. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thanks. Best wishes as well, Tony, and welcome, Edward. Since we have so much CFO firepower here on this call, Corning met the earlier financial goals that were laid out, but they didn’t include an ROIC target. And if you look at Slide 38, again, ROIC is only 10%. Do you think we will have a focus on that going forward? You have pivoted to focus on gross margin. I don’t know if you are going to pivot maybe to focus on ROIC as well and maybe wrap the capital spending outlook in with that as well?
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, I think that if you look back over the last several years, it’s actually been a pretty significant improvement in ROIC. And it was clearly one of our focuses, both on the original strategy and capital allocation framework. But if you go back to what we talked about in 2019, it was a very specific commitment to get to at least above 10% level, which I am really proud of the fact that we accomplished that in 2021, especially when you think about the challenges from a pandemic standpoint. But for sure, continuing to expand ROIC, which is kind of the ultimate measure of profitability is a real focus area for us. And so that also remains a high priority from a financial management standpoint.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. I would add, John, that we expect to grow, as we have shared with you and expand our margins, and we gave you our capital guidance. So, we certainly are focused on ROIC and expect it to continue to be important for us as we go forward.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Asiya Merchant with Citi. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for the opportunity. And Tony, once again, thank you for all your help.
Tony Tripeny: Thanks.
Asiya Merchant: I had a quick question on margin. I mean you got some pushback this quarter. I think Tony mentioned there were some start-up costs that impacted margins this quarter, which as Wendell pointed out, were underwhelming relative to expectations. My understanding was of those cost negotiations and inflationary pressures being passed on to customers were being negotiated in 4Q as well. So, where did you get the most pushback on that? And why do you feel so confident that these inflationary pressures should abate in ‘22 with the negotiated contract? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So, it wasn’t so much – it’s really just a timing question. It wasn’t so much of what goes into effect exactly in Q4, who pushed against us and who did it. Really, it’s just – these are all long-term contract based. And the reason we have these long-term contracts is that our core value creation comes from us making product and having a high transformation value driven by our factories. And the key thing we need to do to drive that ROIC up and to give good streams of earnings to our investors is to make sure we de-risk that capital investment. So, the good news with that is that the way inflation works is that tends to put some dampening of the effective inflation on us because of our fixed cost structure being relatively high. But the downside is that those long-term contracts, you have to actually sit down and renegotiate them. So, what gives us confidence is we have renegotiated them and reached a formal agreement with our customers on this is what their pricing will be. So, it takes time to do that, to reach agreement, what is the appropriate sharing. But the good news is, once you reach agreement, you have agreement and then now we just execute. And that’s where we are. Now we are not close with everybody. There is more to do, and that’s another reason that some of it builds through the year.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Sorry, Asiya with regard to the start-up costs that you mentioned, that was primarily in Hemlock, and that’s actually a pretty exciting thing for us. As you know, when we did the transaction around Hemlock, in September of 2020, it was primarily based on the semiconductor market, and we looked at solar as an option. That solar appears to be materializing, and we have signed long-term contracts, and that’s where the start-up costs came from.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you. Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats to Tony and Ed. I was going to just ask on display here. Tony, you sounded optimistic about the retail TV environment in 2022. At least in 4Q from the data we saw – I mean we haven’t seen any positive data points, at least the industry seemed a bit more bearish or sort of seeing a soft environment in terms of TV in 4Q. So, what’s really driving in terms of data points and maybe what you are looking at driving that optimism about TV unit outlook in 2022? And separately, just on the screen size as well. I mean some of the recent data shows screen size increases aren’t going up as much as it used to. Is there an inflation-driven change in consumer behavior where consumers are maybe pulling back a bit in terms of moving to higher screen sizes? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Well, thanks for the question on display. We think it’s really – it’s an important area because what we have heard from investors is that a key factor weighing on our stock price is a concern that the current cycle of downward price in profits in the LCD panel industry would cause a significant glass price and profit squeeze for Corning. Now what we said in quarter three is that we believe glass supply-demand balance will be tight. And therefore, the glass pricing environment will remain favorable and therefore, we did not expect a significant reduction in our profit stream. We now have a quarter four data. Glass price was flat sequentially. Further, we guided that for quarter one, the glass price will be flat sequentially. Once again, glass supply demand remains tight. So, now we have a more confirmatory evidence to support our belief that the pricing environment will be favorable in 2022. That, I think is the core evidence that we are looking at. Now, when you shift to thinking about the market, retail, full glass out in retail overall is like in the range of what we anticipated, right. And size, we actually expect to do quite well in the coming year. One of the things that happened sort of during the pandemic is that a lot of smaller screens were sold, and that tends to be the place where the units we expected to drop off more and they have, which sort of has the effect of also accelerating, if anything, the diagonal growth on average. That’s the way we tend to think about size and retail. Would you guys have anything to add on that?
Tony Tripeny: No, I think that’s exactly right. I mean our expectations for the year really haven’t changed. They are pretty well in line from a unit standpoint with what third-party people in the industry are looking at. And the screen size, we are very confident in. I mean, 1.5 inch has been pretty consistent for a very long period of time. And when you look at the growth above 65 inches TVs over the last year, it just confirms that 1.5 inch. We feel very confident about that.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi guys. Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to ask about the optical business. Obviously, I think the bet there is just how fast you guys can expand manufacturing capacity. I saw you grew that business, obviously, about 6.5% sequentially. So, you are making progress. But at the same time, we hear about how your lead times are nearly 2 years for high-count fiber cables. So, maybe you could talk about the gating items to expanding capacity there. Is it resin? Is it buildings and the draw towers? Just kind of walk us through what you see. And then last thing, congrats to Tony.
Tony Tripeny: Thanks, George.
Wendell Weeks: Like as you point out, I won’t comment on our specific backlog by product line, but as you point out, if we could make more, we could sell more. And that’s why we announced the capacity expansions that we did last year. And we expect those to ramp as the year goes on. With each of those capacity expansions, we need to have in place long-term commitments from our customers. And we have those and that is ramping. So, the real bottleneck isn’t resin, isn’t raw materials, isn’t labor. It is just us being able to get into place capacity that is more appropriately balanced to the demand that we are experiencing.
Ann Nicholson: Alright. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yes. Thanks for fitting me in. Congrats, Tony, great working with you. Best of luck…
Tony Tripeny: Thanks, Rod.
Rod Hall: So, I had two questions, one on Hemlock. The Hemlock commentary on solar, I thought was pretty positive. Do you have any ideas for growth there in ‘22 on ‘21, mid-single digits? Any kind of indication you could give us for that?
Ed Schlesinger: Rod, we are not specifically giving guidance, but what I would say is we have signed a number of long-term multiyear agreements. We received cash upfront, their take-or-pay agreements. So, we are highly confident that we will be able to fill the capacity that we have coming online. So, you will see that expand through the year in 2022.
Wendell Weeks: One of interesting dynamics that Ann could maybe sit down with you on afterwards Rod, is from a modeling standpoint. When we did the Hemlock transaction, as you heard from Jeff, we really stood on the semiconductor business, but we picked up all of those solar capabilities that really is an option with that, with inventory that we also had is solar grade. And so just through this year, we sold down a hunk of that inventory, which generated cash nicely. And then now you are really seeing new solar grade poly sign being made by us with the start-up that you are talking about. So, when you work through the modeling, let’s have – and sit down to provide a little bit of help on just sort of how that worked.
Rod Hall: Okay. Great. Thanks, Wendell. And then the buyback is kind of back to the same level it was in December of 2019. Should we be thinking like we are back into kind of a normalized buyback regime now?
Tony Tripeny: Well, for sure, Rod, our approach from a buyback standpoint is first, we generate very strong operating cash flow. And our first priority is to invest that in our business and our growth and sustained leadership. And then obviously, once we have done that, we want to return the cash to shareholders. As Ed mentioned, we have increased the dividend in 2021, and we expect to increase the dividend in 2022. And then we will be opportunistic on buybacks. And we saw Q4 as a really great opportunity to buy back shares where the stock price was, and we will continue to pursue buybacks on an opportunistic basis.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay. Thanks a lot Tony. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Shannon, let’s take one more question, please.
Operator: Our last question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe just a question on environmental, I just wanted to get a sense of clearly, supply chain is an issue with autos right now, but we hear a lot of like cars that are basically ready to go and just need a chip. And so just trying to get a sense of when you would expect to see environmental tick back up? Is it when the supply chain shortage kind of alleviates itself on the auto market, or you would need kind of a quarter or two quarters after that to work through kind of inventory that they may have? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: We don’t see a significant inventory sort of overhang for our product. One of the reason is that our demand supply was tight for that product to begin with as we work our way through the year and our content strategy has put a good amount of strain on our ability to supply. So, in general, if you had a point of view on when chips started to come back for auto and as auto production scaled, we would expect to roughly follow that timing.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Thank you. Alright. Thank you all for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that we will attend the SIG Analyst Annual Tech Conference on March 4th and Morgan Stanley Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on March 8th. We will also host management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a web replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. So, thank you all for joining us. Shannon, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated, Quarter 3, 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instruction]. It is my pleasure to introduce to you, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning's quarter 3 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the Company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data.  Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the Third Quarter, the largest differences between our GAAP and core results stem from non-cash mark-to-market losses associated with the Company's currency hedging contracts, and non-cash impairment charges. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts in foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market. And recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though these contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. This decreased GAAP earnings in Q3 by $16 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow.  Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth, and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We have received more than $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported strong third quarter results that continue a year of outstanding sales growth, margin expansion, and significant cash generation. Sales grew 21% year-over-year to $3.6 billion, a new all-time high. Gross margin expanded 50 basis points sequentially, and 70 basis points year-over-year to 38.3%. EPS grew 30% year-over-year to $0.56, and free cash flow of $0.5 billion brought cumulative free cash generation for the first 9 months of 2021 to $1.3 billion. Our outstanding results in this period of global disruption are due to excellent execution at all levels of the Company, and they're driven by a compelling set of long-term growth opportunities that would account sharing through our innovations and broad market access, as we strengthen our commercial relationships and scale operations to meet demand.  Like everyone, we're dealing with numerous factors caused by the pandemic and the resulting inflation. In this quarter, the largest macro impact was constraints in the automotive industry, stemming from chip and component shortages. Auto production in the third quarter is estimated to be down nearly 20% year-over-year and 9% sequentially. As a result, we stepped down in light duty sales. Across our businesses, we prioritize delivering for our customers in a complex inflationary environment. and we have delivered despite incurring extra costs. Now we're taking additional actions, including pricing to address these costs and maintain our ability to invest and support our customers. And you'll hear of more from Tony on this in just a few minutes.  Against this backdrop, we feel really good about our performance. In the quarter, announcements with industry leaders illustrated the power of our portfolio, demonstrating not only our relevance across multiple markets, but also our role as a key innovation partner. Our start position stems from a complimentary set of 3 core technologies, 4 proprietary manufacturing and engineering platforms, and 5 market access platforms. We're leaders in each. We generate growth opportunities by delivering combinations and new applications of these capabilities to help our customers drive their industries forward. And in doing so, we drive more Corning content into the products people are already buying.  Let me share some highlights from the quarter. In optical communications, the industries in the early innings of large deployments in support of 5G, broadband, and the cloud. Momentum is building, and we see it confirmed by multiple sources. First is network need. Demand on network is significantly higher than pre -pandemic levels. Broadband usage for September was up 32% versus pre -pandemic levels, and up 9% versus September 2020 when remote work and school were largely in play. Global 5G subscriptions have grown to almost 0.5 billion this year. More applications are moving to the Cloud, and global data creation is expected to grow at 23% compound annual growth rate from 2020 to 2055. Versus 2020, Cloud revenue industry-wide is up nearly 50%.  The second confirmation of strong industry momentum can be seen in the announcements from leading companies. On AT&T's earnings call last week, their CEO said they're on a march to deploy fiber at scale. They're working toward passing 5 million homes per year. In the quarter, we announced a strategic investment to support their growth plans. Speaking about our expanded collaboration, AT&T said the expansion of fiber infrastructure is central to the growth of broadband reach for consumers as well as business customers. [inaudible 00:08:50] recently shared that they plan to reach 10 million more homes with fiber by the end of 2025 with their CEO saying, ''Our future is fiber''. Cloud deployments are also expanding. Microsoft CEO said that over the past year, they added new data center clusters in 15 countries across 5 continents in support of their cloud business. The third confirmation is power substantial increase in sales and continued order book momentum. This is perhaps the most important indicator of growth over the next few quarters. We evolve. We are ramping capacity and we are energized. Across the business, we're driving strong year-over-year [inaudible 00:09:51] growth, and we're outperforming the optical market as we continue to commercialize innovations that extend our competitive advantage, and as we provide more solutions to more customers at both the regional and national levels. During the quarter, we introduced the newest additions to our Evolv portfolio, which includes solutions designed to support role deployments. We also introduced our ever-on millimeter wave indoor small cell systems, which deliver 5G -ready coverage in high-density environments, including office buildings, factories, hotels, hospitals, and classrooms. Let's turn to mobile consumer electronics. Here, we're helping transform the smartphone experience.  As we help our customers deliver new value to their users, we drive more of our content into each device sold. This played out well during the quarter with the launch of Samsung's Galaxy V Fold 3 and Galaxy V Flip 3. Both devices feature Gorilla Glass Victus. Now, they also utilize our new Gorilla Glass with DX on the lenses of the rear cameras. This is ore Corning in action. We've expanded our capabilities into a new category, device cameras. Even though the lens is a fraction of the surface area we addressed with our cover material, the value we had is high. And we're capturing a very attractive opportunity to increase our revenue per device. Samsung is also featuring Gorilla Glass with DX on the new Galaxy Watch4.  Turning to automotive. OEMs in designing cleaner, safer vehicles, and distinguishing themselves with technologies that enhance the driving experience. Corning is uniquely suited to address these trends. And we're pursuing a $100 per car content opportunity, across emissions and AutoGlass solutions. In the quarter, Jeep announced a product that brings our top technical glass into their iconic vehicles. Their new Jeep Performance Parts windshield featuring Gorilla Glass is now a factory-installed option on the 2021 Wrangler and Gladiator. We're making the windshields lightweight, durable, and up to 3 times more impact-resistant than regular windshields.  Additionally, tighter emissions regulations continue to provide a strong content opportunity for our environmental solutions. OEMs need higher filtration performance, and we've responded with a new generation of gasoline particular filters. The importance of our GPF business drives home my ongoing point; it's not about more cars, it's about more Corning in those cars. Since 2017, our auto sales are up more than 40% while global car sales are down 20%. Turning to display. We're in a position of strength for 2 reasons, for significantly more profitable than our competitors. Second, the market for large-size TVs is projected to grow at a double-digit compound annual growth rate through 2024.  And we're leader in Gen 10.5, which is the most economical approach for larger sets. Stepping back, we've all seen the declines in panel pricing and we're beginning to see panel maker utilization adjustments. Now, lower demand provides us an opportunity to minimize expedited freight and to rebuild tanks that have operated beyond end-of-life. Taking these actions will allow us to keep our supply balance to demand. We expect the overall glass supply to remain tight, and the glass pricing environment to remain attractive. Tony will give you more details on our industry position and our outlook.  Finally, in life sciences, word delivering growth on multiple fronts. We're seeing ongoing demand in support of the global pandemic response. And our inventions are helping advanced the transition to sell and gene-based therapies. Additionally, we're making progress on our multi-billion-dollar content opportunity in pharmaceutical packaging. We're expanding our comprehensive portfolio, advancing key partnerships, and building our customer base. Corning continues to support the pandemic response, and its portfolio of advanced vials and pharmaceutical glass tubing has enabled the delivery of more than 3 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines.  Our high-volume manufacturing facility in North Carolina is now operational, which will help us scale with demand. In total, we believe our efforts to address the pandemic are enabling permanent industry shifts. That means a future pharmaceutical packaging landscape defined by enhanced patient safety, lower cost, minimal regulatory hurdles, and increased capacity for life-saving drugs. Other efforts that have gained increased attention during pandemic are finding broader long-term applications. We introduced Corning Guardiant. A paint additive that uses a glass matrix to trap copper ions.  A powerful and long used antimicrobial material. Paint with Guardiant has been proven to kill 99.9% of bacteria and viruses, including the one that causes COVID-19. This month, PPG announced that their Copper Armor paint powered by Guardiant received EPA registration and will be available in major U.S. retail and home improvement stores. PPG noted that it's the first virus-killing paint in the U.S. And our collaboration builds on an EPA statement asserting that public health would benefit from surfaces with built-in antimicrobial capabilities.  Stepping back, I am proud of the many ways our people unleashed the power of our portfolio in the quarter, and when our performance says about Corning's strong position today. Key trends are converging around our capabilities, as we become more and more vital to industry transformations driving the world forward. This provides a compelling set of long-term growth opportunities. and we're executing well to bring those opportunities to life and make a difference wherever we can. So, I want to thank our dedicated employees for their contributions. Now, I'll close by briefly looking back at 2019 when we outlined our priorities for growth and shareholder returns for the next several years.  We provided attractive targets, as we laid out our plans to building even bigger, stronger Company that delivers sustainable results. Today, the growth drivers we laid out remain intact and we're delivering on our goals. We are a bigger, stronger Company than we were in 2019, and we are continuing to grow. Tony will get into more specifics. But I feel really good about our position and the progress that we've made. I look forward to updating you when we close out a strong year. And as we grow again in 2022. Now, I will turn the call over to Tony so that he can give you some more insight on the quarter.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning everyone. Strong execution resulted in another outstanding quarter. We are on track to reach $14 billion in sales and over $2 in EPS, making significant progress extending our market leadership while scaling operations to meet demand, and we expect to grow again in 2022. During the third quarter, sales increased 21% year-over-year to $3.6 billion, led by the strength in optical communications and the strong performance in our other businesses. EPS grew 30% year-over-year to $0.56. Sales and earnings reflect lower production levels in the automotive industry due to the semiconductor chip shortage. The impact of Corning's results was approximately $40 million in sales and $0.02 of EPS.  Gross margin percent expanded 50 basis points sequentially and 70 basis points year-over-year to 38.3%, despite a net impact of 150 basis points from supply chain challenges and inflationary headwinds. Free cash flow grew to $497 million, with cash generation of $1.3 billion for the first 9 months of the year. These achievements are particularly noteworthy because we are operating in the face of unprecedented logistical challenges and component shortages. Delivering for customers in this complex environment requires both decisive action and agility. Our ability to sense disruption and act quickly has been key to running our plants well and meeting our customer’s needs. And we're leveraging our diversified global supply chain to continue to meet customer demand.  In fact, I'd be remiss if I didn't recognize the efforts of our global supply management and operations teams that have allowed us to maintain a steady supply of raw materials, while finding creative shipping strategies. Their actions have enabled us to effectively deliver for our customers, and they're providing actionable insight into the current dynamic environment. At the same time, we continue to incur additional costs as we work to meet strong customer demand. And while we've been taking actions to mitigate them, certain costs continue to elevate in the third quarter. For example, we were able to offset a significant portion of elevated freight cost, but resin prices increased again.  Therefore, our margin is temporarily muted. Given this ongoing inflationary environment, we have price increases underway across all of our businesses. We saw some benefit from these actions in the third quarter, and their impact should accelerate in the fourth quarter and into 2022. Now, we don't expect the environment to improve in the short-term, but our digital supply chain capabilities enabled real-time visibility into emerging situations, allowing us to proactively address issues. We remain focused on meeting demand, expanding our margins, and protecting our ability to invest for customers. Now let's take a closer look at the performance in each of our businesses during the third quarter.  In display technology, sales were $956 million up 2% sequentially, and 16% year-over-year. Corning's glass volume grew slightly, and glass prices increased moderately sequentially as expected. Glass supply continues to be tight, and we continue to do everything we can to meet customer demand. We expect fourth quarter glass prices to be consistent with the third quarter. Now, I know there is a lot of discussion about the display industry. Briefly, we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable, as glass supply remains tight to balance throughout 2022. Now, as we've discussed previously, we based our perspective on what will happen in the display market on three main factors: retail demand, panel makers' production, and glassmakers' ability to supply the panel makers.  With those factors in line, I'll start with what I said about retail demand on our last earnings call in July. Since LCD televisions emerged as a mainstream technology in 2004, LCD TV units have only been down 3 times and never 2 years in a row. Since 2014, TV sell-through units are typically range -bound between 225 and 235 million, which average screen size grows about 1.5 inches a year. In 2020, global television units increased 4% above the trend line to about 242 million. Screen size growth was about 1.2 inches, about 20% below trend. A lot of smaller TVS sold probably to accommodate more people living, working, and studying from home.  Entering this year, we expected and continue to expect the market to reverse the trend, implying a decrease in TV units, especially smaller televisions, and for normal screen size growth of 1.5 inches to return. We now have 9 months of retail data under our belts, and it is confirmatory. Television units declined by about 10% year-over-year, while average screen size growth is in line with the 1.5 inches per year trend. Unit volume for TV 65 inches or larger increased by a mid-teen percentage, and smaller TVs were down by a mid-teen percentage. So, 3 quarters through the year, our expectation for TV units being down year-over-year, and screen size growing approximately an inch - and -a-half are playing out. Looking ahead to 2022.  We think TV units and screen size will continue to follow historical trends; a nd retail glass demand will be up. That means television units will be within the typical range of 225 to 235 million units, and average screen size will grow about an inch - and -a-half. Now, remember, television units which are declining this year have never declined two years in a row, and next year is a World Cup year, and TV units have never declined in a World Cup year. Finally, the biggest driver of retail glass growth in most years is the increase in screen size. We would expect the average screen size to once again grow 1.5 inches next year.  In summary, we expect glass demand at retail to be up by a high single-digit percentage in 2022, as measured in square feet. Now let's move from retail to panel makers. After a period of high production in 2020 and 2021 to meet strong demand, we are now seeing panel makers temporarily reducing their utilization given the lower 2021 retail demand that we told you about all year. And that is happening just as we would expect. Now, finally, let's move to the glass industry, which struggled to meet demand in 2020 and 2021, as glass has remained tight. Like other glassmakers, we've depleted our inventories, expedited shipping, and operated tanks beyond their targeted end the life.  We will use this period of temporarily lower panel maker utilizations to shutdown end-of-life tanks and rebuild them with our latest technology. We will also take the opportunity to work our way out of expedited shipping. These actions keep our supply balance to demand, and will improve our operating costs going forward. But rest assured, we will still have capacity to supply all of our customers anticipated glass demand. When panel [inaudible 00:30:48] production ramps to meet the expected high single-digit retail demand growth in 2022, we'll be fully prepared with our revitalized fleet of tanks. Overall, we believe glass supply will be tight the balance, throughout 2022.  And since glass pricing is primarily driven by glass supply demand balance, we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable in Q4, and also throughout 2022. Moving to optical communications, we saw strong growth across the business with sales exceeding $1.1 billion up 24% year-over-year, and 5% sequentially. Net income was $139 million up 21% year-over-year. Net income declined 6% sequentially, as increased raw material and shipping costs significantly impacted profitability. During the quarter, carriers spent more on 5G and broadband projects.  This, along with the continued strong pace of enterprise cloud data center builds, drove our strong performance. Demand on networks is at an all-time high, setting the stage for significant investments in fiber infrastructure, as operators expand network capacity, capabilities, and access. During the quarter, we announced the collaboration with AT&T. Our capacity expansion will allow AT&T to expand investments in fiber infrastructure, expand U.S. broadband networks, and accelerate 5G deployment. We are well-positioned to capture significant ongoing growth, as network and data center investment increases. Our solutions improve the speed and capital efficiency deployments.  Additionally, Corning is the only large-scale end-to-end manufacturer of optical solutions, which allows us to innovate on important dimensions not available to competitors. In environmental technologies, our third quarter sales were $385 million, up 2% year-over-year and down 5% sequentially. As everyone knows, chip shortages are having a big impact on the auto industry. At the start of 2021, global vehicle production was expected to be about 88 million. By July, the industry was projecting below 85 million. And given continued chip and component constraints, forecast now anticipate out-of-production around 75 million for the year.  This pullback in production began to impact us in the middle of the quarter, and we expected to continue for the fourth quarter. We estimate an impact on EPS in the third quarter of about $0.02, and we expect additional impact in the fourth quarter. The good news is that when component shortages resolved, auto-production will recover because end-market demand remained strong, and we will be prepared to meet the growing demand. Specialty materials delivered sales of $556 million up 15% sequentially, and in line with the strong third quarter in 2020 when we introduced ceramic shield. we've grown specialty sales every year from 2016 to today despite smartphone unit sales being roughly flat.  Over that 5-year period, we've almost doubled our sales on a base of more than $1 billion. Clearly, we are successfully executing our objective of driving more content into each device sold. And strong demand continues for our premium cover materials. During the quarter, our glass innovations were featured in 30 new devices, including smartphones, wearables, and laptops. Demand also remains strong for our advanced optics content used in semiconductor manufacturer -- manufacturing as the broader end market continues to experience robust growth. In the quarter, investments in innovations that are moving towards commercialization resulted in lower net income than in 2020.  As we've noted before, newer innovations can face high cost as we develop and scale our manufacturing process. We anticipate that profitability will improve, as we come up the learning curve and improve utilization. Looking into the fourth quarter, we're seeing typical volume declines in Gorilla Glass, following the build supporting flagship customer product launches. Life Sciences third quarter sales were $305 million up 37% year-over-year, driven by ongoing demand to support the global pandemic response, continued recovery in the academic and pharmaceutical research labs, and strong demand for bio-production vessels and diagnostic-related consumables.  Our Life Sciences segment is outpacing the overall industry as evidenced by our sales CAGR of 9% over the last 3 years. Stepping back, we have made strong progress across all of our businesses. We entered new product categories, announced collaborations with key industry leaders, and contributed to significant industry advancements. We're building a strong foundation for future growth. This combined with our consistent focus on innovation and deep commitment to RD&E, is what continues to fuel and sustain Corning's leadership position across its markets. As we look ahead to Q4, we expect core sales to be in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion and Core EPS in the range of 0.50 to 0.55.  Profitability is expected to decline sequentially due to the further reduction on automotive-related sales, as I mentioned, and lower Gorilla Glass sales, following strong customer launches. That said, we expect to close out 2021 with both top and bottom-line growth, and another year of strong cash flow, and we expect our momentum to continue in 2022 with sales and EPS growth along with strong cash generation. Now I'd like to expand on windows closing point. Back in 2019, we outlined our goals for growth and shareholder returns. We said we would leverage our focused and cohesive portfolio to extend our leadership and capture significant growth opportunities.  And we said that key trends would continue to converge around our capabilities. What we said back in 2019 still rings true today. Despite the pandemic and the resulting global disruptions. Our key growth drivers are all intact, some are even accelerating. and we're on track or even ahead of the goals we laid out in 2019 in all our market access platforms. Since 2019, sales have grown at a 10% CAGR ahead of the 6% to 8% target. Now, we have been growing EPS at a rate consistent with sales, which puts us ahead of our target, which puts us behind our target because inflationary pressures are clearly impacting profitability.  But we do expect that our cost and pricing actions will deliver significant improvement over time. As we said, we would do, we're also growing our return on invested capital. Today, our total Company ROIC is in the double-digits. Our most recent capacity expansions, or as we like to call them build investments, are fully ramped, have enabled the $2.5 billion of sales we've added since 2019, and are delivering more than 20% ROIC. Our aggregate free cash flow generation for 2020 and 2021 is expected to be more than $2.5 billion. Finally, we remain steadfast in our commitment to investing in growth and extending our leadership, while returning excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases and a 10% annual increase in our dividend. As you might remember, we decided early in the pandemic to ensure the stability and flexibility of our financial position by building up our cash reserve.  In April, we resumed share buybacks with the Samsung transaction, where we repurchased 4% of our fully diluted shares. Consistent with our strategy to opportunistically buy back shares, we plan to do more repurchases in Q4. In summary, we've built a strong foundation over the last several years. Our capabilities are relevant to major growth trends across our markets. Our more Corning strategy is working. And we're executing through some very volatile end-markets, extending relationships and commitments with our customers, extending our leadership position, and generating outstanding sales, profits, and free cash flow. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. Michelle, we're already for our first question.
Operator: As a reminder, [ Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Matt Niknam : Hey, I thank you for taking the questions. Just 2 if I could. First on the price increases, you mentioned the increases across all units. I'm just wondering if you can give us maybe a little bit more color in terms of how we should anticipate that the flow-through. I know you initiated some of these in 3Q, but I'm wondering how to think about the cadence and the flow through there order of magnitude. And then just wondering if this is really intended to effectively pass through the entirety of some of the cost pressure you're facing or whether it's just a portion of that.  And then just secondarily, as we think about capital allocation, Tony, maybe to your last point around doing a little bit more on buybacks in 4Q. I'm just wondering if you could refresh us in terms of how you're thinking about leverage, where you would like to be? And ultimately how you see Corning getting closer to that 2x leverage target you've laid out in the past. Thanks.
Tony Tripeny : First on in terms of the price increases, I mean, clearly our priorities over the last year or so with the pandemic is to protect our people and protect our customers. And we have been doing a great job on that, on those priorities. And we saw it in Q3, which is an incredibly challenging environment, but require decisive action and agility, and we had to act quickly, and we've done that. And I'm personally very proud of what -- all the work we've done as a Company and is what you'd expect at Corning. But what tends to happen in this environment is that you see some places where we made improvements on from a cost and freight standpoint and others that have gone up, and all of this comes at a cost. Our goal here is to increase prices across all of our businesses.  We've had about 150 basis points impact for the last several quarters. I'd expect that to continue in the next quarter and then for it to get better over time. But the actual timing and prediction of that, it's just hard to know because there's so many moving pieces. So tried to do Matt, on pricing here is you have a range of what could happen with inflationary pressures, and then we have a range of what could happen with our pricing in each of our different businesses and even in each of our different products. And what we tried to do is capture those within the guidance that we just gave for quarter four. And as we continue to gain experience on both, we would expect to get better and better at being able to narrow those ranges, and improve our ability to give you a good idea on how this will impact your models.
Wendell Weeks : Then in terms of from a balance sheet standpoint, clearly, we have a very strong set of goals from a balance sheet standpoint in an amount of leverage we're comfortable with, and in particular, very long maturities from a leverage standpoint. We do have the longest maturity in the S&P 500. And that overall approach has not really changed, but we're right -- we're still being impacted by what's happening from a global economic standpoint, so we're going to continue to work through where things go. And the good news is that we're generating tremendous amount of free cash flow. And with that free cash flow, that gives us the ability to invest in the business, but also to return cash to shareholders.
Ann Nicholson : Thanks, Tony. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee : Hey, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask [Indiscernible] of today's communication and what you're seeing from a demand perspective there. We've heard about all of the different -- the overall sentiment there on demand coming from a lot of the broadband connectivity around the government subsidized plans is the delay on the government's side driving any slowdown there. And just moving over to capacity there, if you go -- outline the expansion capacity, as well recently, please help understand, if you can, the magnitude of that expansion and its potential impact on margin as you build that capacity up as well. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny : I want to make sure that I understand your question. So, you are asking how do we feel about the growth in the business, and as that growth occurs, how do we feel about our margin expansion as that capacity ramps? Do I understand your question correctly Samik?
Samik Chatterjee : Yes, I'm doing the addition to that as we dive in the government infrastructure plan, driving any slowdown in terms of [Indiscernible].
Tony Tripeny : Great. So first, as I laid out in my comments, we feel that the growth here in the business is very strong. You saw and I think in the quarter, we've had $1.1 billion of revenue. Our order book was in excess of that, stronger than that rate. So that gives you an idea of the demand that we're seeing right now, and that is before there's any passage. It's in the bipartisan infrastructure bill on what it is the government wants to do with broad debt. So that new layer on top of the demand that we're seeing that is largely say, already serving commercial and customer opportunities. So that's how we feel about demand.  All those long-term trends that we see, they look like they're all continuing in both Cloud and carrier networks. Now, margin. So, in margin expansion, this is a segment where we've given the really strong demand. We have had a lot of expedited shipping. We've had a lot of challenges around freight and we've had accelerating raw material costs. So, we haven't been putting quite the increase in our margins that you would normally expect as we fill out, right? That's one of the reasons that we're going to be addressing price with our customers, who we have done all these long-term build investments with. And hopefully what that's going to do is get the type of margin growth that you really expect with our rising revenue growth, Samik. Does that make sense to you, sir?
Samik Chatterjee : Yes. Thank you. Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Shannon Cross : Thank you very much. Wendell, at the risk of continuing on this topic. I'm just curious. Can we dig more into the inflationary environment? I'm trying to understand when you guys have a really great perspective, I think, of how transitory versus permanent shift you're seeing out there, and what should we watch given the impacts to your margins, what specifically should we watch closely to see if things are starting to improve?
Wendell Weeks : Great. It’s a great question, Shannon. I would say if you had asked us when this all began, say in late quarter 2, in quarter 3, like in that time period. We would have said, you know, this is probably transitory and our top priorities are protecting our people and protect our customers, and spend what it takes to make that happen. And we want to keep our customers running like [inaudible 00:50:32], and this too shall pass. And our normal great job that we do, reducing costs will trigger in and we got this.  Actually, it is mainly through conversations with our supply chain head as well as our investors that have led us to look at this and say this may last longer than we had thought. And that this looks like we could continue to have challenged supply chains for the foreseeable future. And what we needed to do was add to our priorities that we also needed to protect our investors and our ability to invest for the future, which in turn allows us to once again protect our people and protect our customers.  And so, as we've looked at it that way, that is what has led us to start to externalize that cost pressure and we began in quarter 3. We've got a lot further to go. So, I think the thing to look at is pretty simply, how do we do get our profitability of working in the way you would expect when we have revenue growth? Because we're expecting to grow no more less as we grow because we actually make things for a living or you would expect our margins to improve. I think that's the key thing that we're looking at as to see that as well as we have detailed plans like by-customer product by-region and all that is getting rolled out. It’s already in motion.
Shannon Cross : Okay. And then I'm curious, what your initial conversations with some of the customers in areas where you're raising prices now? Is the feeling out there that everything's going up in price, so they're absorbing it, or how much push back you're getting from price increases? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks : Well, it's a little early to tell to generalize on that. That depends on the customer. We've had some who have said, [Indiscernible], I was expecting this. We have others who say, thank you very much for sharing, but we rather you fixed this on your own. But we'll work our way through it. I think the key to all is to understand about how we are with our customers, is this a very long-term partnership. And we invest for the long term, and we ask for strong commitments from them and they ask for strong commitments from us. But we face that future, all of us are looking at the future when we make these investments in innovation.  And our plans, that is a little uncertain. And so, the way we always try to work through things with our customers is, okay, this is where we're at. This is reality. How do we work through it together in a way that allows you, our customer to continue to succeed and allows us to continue to support that success. And that's the tone and attitude that we bring to it and that our customers engage in that same dialogue. we'll all play out, and I'm so certain that as we work our way through it, we'll reach a fair resolution of what happened. We operate in an inflationary environment at least for a period of time, which neither our customers nor us have had a lot of experience with.
Shannon Cross : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox : Hi, good morning. I was wondering if maybe you could put some numbers around all that commentary. So, if I look at Optical, for example, your revenues were up 5% quarter-over-quarter, but your margins were 12-3 versus 13-8 in the prior quarter. So how much exactly was the pressure from all those extra costs and adding new capacity, hindering margins when volumes are going up? And then same question on pricing for display. You're saying it's consistent with prior quarter. I assume that's like flat 0% change in pricing, but last quarter you were able to pass through some costs. Does that mean you're not passing through cost this quarter? Thanks so much.
Tony Tripeny : Great. So first in [Indiscernible], that margin drag that you've rightly identified, Steve, that's the inflationary pressures that we have yet to offset with our customers. So, I think you're right on and what we'd like to do is see that drag moderate. And as you know, our Optical businesses big with a lot of customers. So, it's a lot of commercial work to get everything in place. Already began and already gotten rolling in this last quarter, and we will gain and accelerate in quarter 4. So that's what we'll be about in [Indiscernible] and you're looking at the right numbers and that's the numbers you should expect to improve. In display, we expect the price to be consistent with our raised pricing in quarter 3.
Wendell Weeks : And in quarter 2
Tony Tripeny : And in quarter 2. So, we're following a couple of price raises, and we anticipate our price to be consistent in quarter 4.
Steven Fox : So that just -- that implies that you're still passing through some of these inflation costs in that price; is that correct?
Tony Tripeny : That is correct.
Steven Fox : Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts : Thanks, and congratulations on all the new product wins. You're now on OEM windshield options for a number of Jeep models versus primarily replacement before. Will the wind shield option be packaged with other options so if you want the better stereo and the better seats, you're going to get the Gorilla Glass windshield with that or is it going to be a la carte? And you're on the replacement windshield in the Ford F-150, which is an even bigger model, do you think that's going to go OEM anytime soon?
Tony Tripeny : I think that's a great question. I need to follow up to see how is Jeep going to do that. I just need to follow up, because right now it's just if like you want a vehicle. You tend to get them highly bundled. But I don't know what the difference is between how they're seeking to optimize their very few chips, and how much is really a long-term approach. Let me follow up on this -- on that and we'll get back to you, John. On windshields, I think, you'll continue to watch this pace.  We've got a number of significant innovations going on to solve the glazing problems that EVs represent and that autonomy represents. It's too early, I think, John, for us to -- for me to say definitively to you that we have this, start building in another large revenue generator for us. But in [Indiscernible] to resolve it, we [Indiscernible] be able to say that within the coming 12 months because they're so -- we're doing so much work in that space. And we're seeing an uptake in a number of places of our laminated product and some other innovations that we have going on. So, the very right to identify just a little early for us to call the ball, John.
John Roberts : And then, could we get an update on Hemlock? It's ironic that we have such strong semiconductor demand and you've got this -- the contractual structures in place really that Hemlock's not participating.
Tony Tripeny : So, we're really happy that we are the owners of Hemlock, John. And I think you're one of the few people that we have this fall that really always understood Hemlock in depth and you always wanted us to be the owner of Hemlock. And finally, after all these years, we are. And we're happy to get it. As you know, semiconductor demand is strong. I think the other added revenue source that we're now seeing in Hemlock is in solar, which as you know, we idled a hunk of our capacity in solar as the U.S. supply chain ended up downstream of us, becoming eroded with the intense competitive environment with China.  We are now seeing really strong demand in solar, and we are doing what you would expect us to do, which is if a customer wants us to commit capacity to them in solar, we're putting in place those same type, very strong contractual arrangements to be able to make sure as we turn up some of that capacity that they buy it. And you're going -- you'll see that in our revenues. And so, we feel very good about it, John. We should have listened to you even earlier.
John Roberts : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan : Yes. Thank you. I was wondering when you talk about retail demand and last up, high single-digits in 2022, do you expect Corning to grow in line or higher or lower than that? And then I have some follow-ups, please.
Tony Tripeny : Yeah, Wamsi. As you know, well, a lot of that growth is occurring is in the Gen 10 or is in the large size screen TVs. And that's where us went having 3 out of the 4 Gen 10.5 factories, makes a big difference. So, we would expect that to continue to positively impact our results in 2022, just like it has the last couple of years. We tend to think about -- I'm sorry, you had an additional question, sir?
Wamsi Mohan : No. Please, Wendell goes ahead and I will follow up.
Wendell Weeks : Okay. The way we tend to -- I think you're on one of the real key points. So as Tony said, there are 2 key factors to keep in mind for display, and they really drive display at the demand of the retail level, which we believe will be up single-digits next year, and then glass supply demand balance, which we believe are going to be tight to balance in quarter 4 and throughout 2022. And as a result, we believe the glass environment for pricing is going to continue to be favorable. When we say tight to balance, what we mean is that we're coming out of this time period, I mean, if we're out of it yet, where glass has just been a very tight and we have been extending tanks beyond their planned life.  We've had very high expediting costs and we have delayed technology upgrades really for the last year plus. And so, what our plan is, is to take any opportunity presented by lower panel maker utilization to take targeted tanks down for upgrades while improving service levels with lower expediting costs. Now, the timing for these is slowly within Corning's control. First goal is we plan to meet our customers' demand. We're going to continue to protect our customers and meet the demand that they think they need. But we're also going to get our fleet ready to lower cost and increased quality for years to come. And as a result, that's what we mean by tight to balance. Our customers get what they need, while we get the -- our upgrades done whenever we can. So that's our approach here, and that's how we feel about display. And while we are providing some insight into next year, as well when we normally just would have told you what's going to happen next quarter.
Wamsi Mohan : That's helpful, Wendell. And if I could just follow-up a clarification question. I think Tony mentioned that in Q4 you'd expect some seasonal softness in specialty given some product launch timing in Q3. But I think you specifically you said Gorilla Glass and I was wondering if that was meant to be as specific as Gorilla Glass versus ceramic shield or was that meant to be a comment about a specialty in Gorilla Glass in general?
Wendell Weeks : So, what a very big question. Tony, what did you mean? I would've thought it meant in total, but you tell me.
Tony Tripeny : I absolutely meant in total.
Wendell Weeks : Okay. Wamsi, I need you to -- I need you to help me ask some really interesting question. I took it as total. That's a good question.
Ann Nicholson : Thanks, Wamsi. We still get time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long : Thank you. Maybe just a two - parter on display here. Wendell, you just mentioned again the -- some of the moves you are doing with end-of-lighting, some tanks, and some new ones. Could you talk about maybe Tony Tripeny as well? What is the kind of cash flow impacts, other near-term gross margin impacts that it sounds like ultimately could be a better profitability dynamic? Can you just walk us through the cadence of what those changes mean to the model? And then second, can you talk a little bit, maybe more high level about PC and display impacts? Obviously with pandemic, those probably came a little bit bigger. Part of the mix, what is the outlook there and how do you see that -- how do you see that impacting the overall volume dynamic as you look forward? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks : I think to the first part of the question, I'll start and let Tony come in. I think from a modeling standpoint, as we do these upgrades. Of course, we're doing it to increase quality and lower costs. But the one way to think about it through your next year would be how you feel revenue plays out. It will pretty much just play out like that. I don't think you'll see any added cost drag or things like that. I just think you're going to mainly see it with the revenue change. That's what I would say. What do you think, Tony?
Tony Tripeny : I think that's right. I mean, there are some things like the expedited freight costs, for example, that won't go away. So, as we think about the 150 basis points, as we go through next year, that will certainly help us to some degree against that. You will see those results in the financials. And then from a cash flow standpoint, I mean, all of this is a part of our ongoing cash flow capital spending. It's not part of a build cycle or anything like that. So, I don't think it will really stand out from a cash flow standpoint.
Wendell Weeks : That's a great question on PCs and notebooks. As you quite rightly pointed out, our PC makers had a really strong demand during the pandemic. What we're seeing right now, we're hearing from them is that demand is still quite robust, but it's shifting towards commercial rather than consumer demand. And that as a result, those that are really strong in commercial still find things quite tight. And that's how they're seeing that play out. And we'd be happy to sit down with you, Tim, if you want to share how we view total IT demand come in to play and how that plays out in glass, and we'd be happy to do that.
Tim Long : Just wondering if you think that's an additional headwind relative to TV as being strong next year?
Tony Tripeny : Not much. Because like I said, you're seeing consumer back-off, right? And then we're seeing few which uses a certain type of display which is too deep to go into here. And we're seeing commercial, I mean, big companies with that return to work and those upgrade cycles turn in turn ups. So, I don't view it as a big headwind one way or the other, but like I said, let's talk through the details with you and that way, you can know where our heads at and how that differs from where you see things.
Tim Long : Okay. Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson : Great. Thanks, Tim. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Before we close, wanted to let you know that we're going to be at the Baird Virtual Global Industrial Conference on November 10th, the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference on December 1st, and the Barclays Virtual Global Technology, Media, and Telecommunications Conference on December 7th. Finally, a replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Thanks for joining us. Michelle, you can disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 2, 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce you to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Katherine and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s Quarter 2, 2021 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. In the second quarter, GAAP net income was $449 million. However, GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.42 due to the GAAP accounting treatment required for the transaction entered into with Samsung Display. Let me take you through why this was the case. As a reminder on April 5, 2021, Corning entered into a share repurchase agreement with Samsung Display. As part of the agreement, Samsung converted preferred stock into common stock and Corning immediately repurchased 35 million shares of that common stock from Samsung. The common shares were then traded on the open exchange, so GAAP requires a special accounting treatment of the repurchase as an extinguishment of the original preferred shares. The accounting treatment for and extinguishment of preferred shares is to record the difference between the repurchase price and the original book value in retained earnings. This adjustment to retained earnings is also removed from net income available to common shareholders when calculating GAAP earnings per share. [Excluding this], U.S. GAAP EPS would have been $0.52. Differences between our GAAP and core results can also stem from non-cash mark-to-market gains or losses associated with hedging contracts. They were de minimis this quarter. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP values can be found in the investor relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst segment. Supporting slides are being shown live on a webcast; we encourage you to follow along. And they're also available on our website for downloading.  And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you and good morning everyone. Today we reported outstanding second quarter results, and we're on track for a strong year. Versus second quarter 2020, sales grew 35% to $3.5 billion. EPS grew 112% to $0.53 on the higher sales and expanding margins. Free cash flow grew 65% to $471 million with first half cash generation of $843 million. No question, we're in great shape. And we see a clear growth story playing out across our businesses. Each of our five segments grew sales by a double-digit percentage year-over-year ranging from 16% for specialty materials to 80% for environmental technologies. Now, of course, 2020 was an easy compare, so I think it's worth noting that even versus second quarter of 2019 we grew total company sales and EPS 17% and 18% respectively. Since the second quarter of 2019, we've added more than half a billion dollars in quarterly sales. About $200 million is from Hemlock and more than $300 million is organic growth, with about 70% of that coming from success of our more Corning content strategy and outperforming the competition. The other 30% of organic growth is from rising with the market. In each of our market access platforms, we're addressing significant and transformational trends. We seek to drive content and expand our total addressable market by combining capabilities from our focused portfolio and prioritizing opportunities for more Corning. Our long-term strategy is built on a complimentary set of three core technologies for our proprietary manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. We're leaders in age and the synergies among them allow us to create distinctive benefits for our customer, improve the return on our investments in R&D, and reduce capital intensity. We create breakthrough products and processes by leveraging the synergies among our core capabilities. Capitalizing on insights we gain through close collaboration with our customers and taking advantage of our existing plants and pilot facilities for early stage production. For example, over the past few years, we have created new to the world products, including ceramic shield, tougher Gorilla Glasses, auto-grade glass, Valor drug packaging, Gen 10.5 display glass, and innovative passive optical solutions that are dramatically increasing the ease and cost efficiency of network deployments. But we're not just creators. We're also builders. We do the manufacturing ourselves, using processes that we invent, and proprietary equipment that we design and build. When growth opportunities arise and demand exceeds our existing capacity, we build state-of-the-art plants to manufacture products at scale. And we locate these plants in close proximity to our customers. A strategy that is likely to continue to pay-off in a post pandemic world. We de-risk these investments by requiring meaningful commitments from customers, often including funding before beginning construction. We last detailed our build investments with you in 2019 when we described our focus, create, build, extend value creation cycle. We pointed out how our build projects were directly responding to customer needs and commitments. We knew that carriers like AT&T and Verizon would need more fiber to densify their networks for 5G. We knew that BOE would need glass for its Gen 10.5 panels, that car companies would need gasoline particulate filters to meet new regulations, that biotech companies would need high density cell culture to support gene therapy, and that smartphone OEMs would need increasingly durable scratch resistant cover glass as they designed thinner phones and bigger cameras. We told you these build projects would increase our capacity to meet committed demand and that as we delivered on that demand, they would increase our revenue and generate excellent returns. We are delivering. Today, the build projects we undertook from 2016 to 2019 are collectively delivering return on invested capital above 20%. They've helped us increase our sales run rate from $10 billion in 2015 and 2016 to our current run rate of $14 billion and they've helped us improve total company ROIC by 3 percentage points. Importantly, each time we build, we increase our scale, and we enhance the opportunity to extend our leadership, and create new innovations. And because we're constantly improving our productivity and capabilities, we can often manufacture these innovations and drive revenue growth without building new facilities. And we actually spend most of our time in this extend part of the cycle it’s where we are today. In this [space], we keep creating and extending until we're so successful that demand exceeds our capacity. As we reapply our insights and repurpose our assets, our best-in-the-world capabilities just keep getting better. Every time we pursue an adjacent opportunity, we explore new combinations of capabilities. We push the boundaries in areas where we already lead, and we cross train our people indeed in important ways. In other words, we've created a positive feedback loop that expands our knowledge, increases the relevance of our capabilities, and enhances our value to customers. And this directly fuels our content strategy. We aren’t exclusively relying on people buying more stuff we're putting more Corning into the products that people are already buying, with that in mind. Let's look at some of the initiatives we're advancing across our market access platforms. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we continue to help transform the way people interact with and use their devices. We capture growth by increasing the value we offer on each of those devices. In the quarter, consistent with our strategy to obtain customer commitments and supportive build initiatives, Apple awarded Corning an additional $45 million from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund to help expand our manufacturing capacity in the United States and to support our R&D. To date, we've received $495 million in total from Apple's fund. We've also launched another chapter in our More Corning strategy with an important application of our capabilities to enhance the optics of smartphone cameras, which is a new category for us. The social media experience is centered around photos. Device designers are adding cameras and increasing lens size. They're also integrating more advanced capabilities, such as telephoto, wide angle lenses, and infrared sensors.  These features naturally increase the prominence of the lens surface area, which in turn increases the likelihood of scratches and damage. And to Corning, just last week, we announced Gorilla Glass with DX and DX+ for mobile phone cameras. Our DX increases image quality and camera durability by providing a composite glass material that combines low reflection with scratch resistance approaching sapphire. Samsung is the first adopter.  Turning to Automotive, OEMs are designing creative and safer vehicles with technology that enhances the driving experience. We're uniquely suited to address these trends. We're pursuing a $100 per car content opportunity across emissions, precision glass products, and auto-glass solutions. And we recently entered a new product category in automotive, Curved Mirror Solutions. Our solutions are enabling the augmented reality head up display in Hyundai’s new electric crossover, the IONIQ 5. The system essentially turns the windshield into a display screen, letting drivers keep their eyes on the road, while assessing navigation and speed information directly in their line of sight. Additionally, a new generation of gasoline particulate filters is helping us on our way to surpassing $500 million in annual GPF sales well ahead of our original timeframe. Turning to Life Sciences, we're delivering growth on multiple fronts. We're seeing ongoing demand in support of the global pandemic response. Our inventions are helping advance the transition to cell and gene therapies. And we're making significant strides toward building a Valor Glass franchise addressing a multi-billion dollar content opportunity in the pharmaceutical packaging market. In the second quarter, we further increased valid production capacity and secured additional customer wins. We worked with Thermo Fisher and OPTIMA pharma to demonstrate solutions that increase bio filling speed by nearly 70% thereby alleviating a critical bottleneck in the medical supply chain. Our collaboration features a combination of Corning’s Valor vials and OPTIMA’s ultra high-speed fill/finish solutions. Thermo Fisher called the results, ‘a game changer in their ability to serve patients.’ Turning to display, we’ve experienced the most favorable pricing environment in more than a decade. And we announced a second moderate increase to our display glass substrate prices. Stepping back, we’re the lowest cost producer of display glass, which makes us significantly more profitable than our competitors, our superior products [innovation capabilities] and deep customer relationships enable us to enhance our leadership position. Meanwhile, the emergence of Gen 10.5 has given us a unique opportunity. Other market for large sized keys is expected and projected to grow at a double-digit CAGR through 2024. And Gen 10.5 half glass provides the most economical approach for larger sets. We recently hosted the official opening ceremony for our Gen 10.5 facility in the city of Wuhan. This site is co-located with a large BOE plant, allowing Corning to deliver Gen 10.5 glass substrates more efficiently to our customer for its production of large size display panels. Gen 10.5 provides strong economics for our shareholders, while creating options to use earlier generation fusion tanks for new applications such as automotive and cover glass. To illustrate, remember that we launched our Gorilla Glass business back in 2007 by repurposing some of our existing fusion assets. Over time, repurposing has resulted in us avoiding more than a billion dollars in capital spending. Finally, let's look at optical communications. We're energized by the momentum that is building in this business. We see that momentum confirmed by multiple sources. First is network need. Demand on the network has only been increasing. Broadband usage for June was up 33% versus pre-pandemic levels and up 10% versus June 2020, which was a peak quarantine period. Global 5G subscriptions have grown to almost 300 million and they're on track to double that by the end of 2021 according to industry projections. The second confirmation is customer commitments. And many of our customers are actually being quite public about their plans. We believe we're in the early innings of a large capital deployment cycle across 5G, fiber-to-the-home, and hyperscale data centers. On AT&T earnings call last week, their CEO said that by year-end they expect to have expanded their fiber footprint by 3 million locations, including both business and consumer customers. Deutsche Telekom’s Managing Director recently shared that by 2024 they're planning to have about 10 million homes passed and 97% 5G coverage. He said, ‘the expansion of high performance networks is our top priority, whether with 5G and mobile communications, or fiber optic broadband expansion. To achieve this, we are massively increasing the investments in our network.’ And Microsoft CEO recently shared his perspective on expanding data center capacity to meet cloud demand. He said, ‘Digital adoption curves aren't slowing down. In fact, they're accelerating, and it's just the beginning.’ Of course, the third confirmation is our order book, which is perhaps the most important indicator of growth over the next few quarters. Here, we're seeing year-over-year growth in double-digit percentages in both carrier and enterprise networks. During the quarter, we extended our technology and market leadership in Optical Communications by introducing little solutions that speed network deployment. We launched [Corning SMF-28 Contour fiber], which offers an industry first combination of superior bendability, compatibility with other fibers, and low signal loss. We also launched EDGE Rapid Connect solutions that increase fiber density and reduce customer installation time by up to 70%.  Across our markets, you can see that our value creation model is driving growth and that key trends are converging around our capabilities. We're helping our customers move toward a world with nearly infinite and ubiquitous bandwidth, with large lifelike displays where cars are cleaner, autonomous, and connected, where medicines are individualized, effective, and safe, and where you can do more from your mobile device protected by cover materials that are more and more capable. Now, I'll wrap up my remarks today with one final point. I've always said that how we do things is as important as what we accomplish. So, I'd like to take a moment to emphasize that we're committed to making a difference wherever we can. We're building on more than a century of honest, respectful, and fair behavior. And such behavior must continuously characterize all our actions, including progress toward improving our environmental, social, and governance programs. To share insight into our approach, we recently issued our annual report on diversity, equity, and inclusion. And we published our first sustainability report. On all dimensions, Corning is operating exceptionally well focused on providing value for all of our stakeholders. I want to thank our incredibly dedicated employees around the world for their continued hard work. And I look forward to updating you on our progress as we build on our momentum in the second half of the year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tony, so he can give you some more insight on the quarter.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning everyone. As Wendell said, we are on track for a strong year. Second quarter results were outstanding. We added almost $1 billion in sales year-over-year, a half a billion in sales over pre-pandemic levels, and we generated significant operating and free cash flow. We also improve margins both sequentially and year-over-year, which contributed to our strong EPS. Across the board, our progress has been very positive. In particular, pre-pandemic comparisons highlight our strength. We are confident this momentum will continue. In our markets, Corning’s unique capabilities put us at the center of a substantial growth trend, while our content strategy drives outperformance and we have a highly effective value creation model in place to deliver profitable growth and create shareholder value. Now, let me walk you through the key metrics and drivers of our second quarter performance. Sales increased 35% year-over-year to $3.5 billion, a strong run rate. Net income was $459 million, up 111% and EPS was $0.53, up 112% year-over-year. We saw continued strength across our business segments. Optical Communications delivered its third consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth, and we expect to see that trend continue.  Display Technologies was up sequentially and year-over-year and continues to experience the most favorable pricing environment in more than a decade. Life Sciences and environmental outperformed their markets and grew significantly versus last year's pandemic lows. Our margins expanded. Sequentially gross margin improved 200 basis points to 37.8% and operating margin improved 120 basis points to 18.3%. On a year-over-year basis, gross margin expanded 450 basis points and operating margin expanded 710 basis points. During the quarter, we continue to face supply chain disruptions and inflationary headwinds. Planning and increased output allowed us to reduce costly air freight, but the sequential improvement was offset by increases in shipping rates and the cost of certain raw materials such as resin, a key component in our optical and Life Sciences businesses. In total, we felt about the same 150 basis points drag on margins, as in Q1. Now, while we don't expect significant improvement on the supply chain cost in the short-term, we do expect them to normalize over time. And we're taking mitigating actions, including raising prices in selected product lines. Now, as is usual in the second quarter, operating expenses in dollars increased sequentially. The increase was greater than in prior years because of larger variable compensation accruals consistent with our rising outlook. Free cash flow was $471 million, up $186 million year-over-year. Cumulative free cash flow for the first half of 2021 was $843 million. We expect to generate significant free cash flow in the second half of the year and to suppress our 2020 total by a wide margin. Now, let's take a closer look at the performance of each of our businesses. In Display Technology, second quarter sales were $939 million, up 9% sequentially, and 25% versus 2020. Net income was $248 million, up 16% sequentially and 63% year-over-year. And Q2 sequential prices increased moderately, as we implemented a price increase during the quarter. For the third quarter, we are moderately increasing glass prices once again. We believe the pricing environment will remain favorable going forward. Three factors will continue to drive this. First, we expect glass supply to remain short to tight in the upcoming quarters. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Now, we receive a lot of questions on how pandemic has impacted the display industry. For example, will there be fewer TVs sold in 2021 or in 2022, and what's the impact on the glass market? So, let me take a moment to explain our view. I’ll focus on televisions since they represent about 70% of the glass market. Since LCD TVs emerged as mainstream technology in 2004, LCD television units have only been down three times and never two years in a row, and annual glass demand has never declined. Since 2014, television sell-through units are typically range bound between 225 million and 235 million, while average screen size grows about an inch and a half a year. In 2020, global TV units increase 4% above the trend line to about 242 million. Screen size growth was about 1.2 inches, about 20% below trend. A lot of smaller TVs sold probably to accommodate more people living, working, and studying from home. In total, glass demand was up mid-single-digits. Now, entering the year, we expected and continue to expect the market to revert the trend, implying a decrease in TV units, especially smaller TVs, and for normal growth of 1.5 inches in screen size to return. We now have retail data through the first half of 2021 and it is largely confirmatory. TV units declined by a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year while average trade size growth returned to the 1.5 inches per year trend. Unit volume for TVs, 65-inches and larger increased over 20%, and smaller televisions were down by a high-single-digit percentage. Now, consistent with math and history, the glass market grew. So, halfway through the year, our expectations for TV units being down year-over-year and seeing screen size growing approximately 1.5 inches are playing out. Looking ahead to 2022, we think TV units and screen size will continue to follow historical trends. That means TV units will be within the typical range and average screen size will grow about 1.5 inches. Now, we have yet to see how the current holiday retail season plays out. So, we don't have enough information to definitively comment too much on next year. But it is worth noting that TV units, which are declining this year, have never declined two years in a row. And next year is a World Cup year and TV units have never declined in a World Cup year. And finally, the biggest driver of retail glass growth in most years is the increase in screen size.  We would expect the average screen size to once again grow 1.5 inches next year. Now where we find our views based on this year's holiday retail season, which is still in front of us, and we will keep you updated. Let's move to Optical Communications, which continues its growth in – with sales surpassing a billion dollars, up 21% year-over-year, and 15% sequentially. Sales increased by a double-digit percentage in both carrier and enterprise networks sequentially and year-over-year. Net income was $148 million of 83% year-over-year and 33% sequentially. Higher volume and better operational performance drove the improvement. The environment is extremely favorable. Demand on networks is at an all-time high. In response, operators are expanding network capacity, capabilities, and access. The pace of data centers builds is accelerating, and capital spending by our customers is increasing. Governments around the world are announcing and initiating plans to extend the reach of broadband. All this points to the start of a strong, sustained investment phase across the industry. We are the market leaders and we're well-positioned to capture significant growth as network investment increases. Our solutions improve the speed and capital efficiency of [Technical Difficulty]; additionally Corning is the only large scale Indian manufacturer of Optical Solutions, which allows us to innovate on important dimensions not available to competitors. Our broad customer base and unquestioned technology leadership put us squarely at the center of customer investments for fiber-to-the-home, rural broadband, 5G, and hyperscale data centers. In Environmental Technologies, second quarter results were $407 million, up 81% year-over-year, but down 8% sequentially. Net income improved year-over-year to $81 million and also grew sequentially, partly due to improved freight and logistics costs versus Q1. Car related sales increase 68% year-over-year as vehicle production [Technical Difficulty] and GPF adoption continued in Europe and China. Auto markets continue to be constrained by chip shortages, which impacted our automotive sales sequentially in the second quarter. We are monitoring in-market demand and supply chain activity as we go through the second half of the year. We remain on track to build a $500 million gasoline particulate filter business ahead of our original timeframe. We continue to innovate to solve our customer's most challenging problems, and have recently begun to ship next generation GPS to help OEMs achieve even lower levels of emissions. In diesel, sales grew 101% year-over-year driven by continued customer adoption of advanced after treatment in China, and continued strength in the North American heavy duty truck market. Specialty Materials delivered another outstanding quarter. Following first quarter year-over-year at [28%], the second quarter was up 16% year-over-year, with sales of $483 million. Demand remains strong for our premium cover glass materials in IT products. During the quarter, our premium glasses and surfaces supported multiple new phone and IT launches including 16 smartphones along with 6 laptops and tablets, featuring Gorilla Glass. Demand also remained strong for advanced optics content used in semiconductor manufacturing, which are essential for deep ultraviolet and extreme ultraviolet or EUV lithography. Now investments and innovations that are moving towards commercialization resulted in lower net income then in 2020. As we've noted before, newer innovations can face high cost as we develop and scale our manufacturing processes. We anticipate that profitability will improve as we come up the learning curve and improve utilization. Life Sciences second quarter sales were $312 million, up 28% year-over-year, and 4% sequentially driven by ongoing recovery in academic and pharmaceutical research labs and continued strong demand for bio production vessels and diagnostic related consumables.  Net income was $52 million, up 68% year-over-year and 8% sequentially, driven by the higher sales and solid operating performance. So, our business has performed very well and our markets are strong. That said, let me take a moment to reiterate our commitment to financial stewardship and capital allocation. Our fundamental approach remains the same. We will continue to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength. We generate very strong operating cash flow, and we expect that to continue going forward. We will continue to use our cash to grow, extend our leadership, and reward shareholders. Our first priority for use of cash is to invest in our growth and extend our leadership. We do this through our RD&E investments, capital spending, and strategic acquisitions. Our next priority is to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. This year, we increased our quarterly dividend by 9% and resumed share buybacks by repurchasing and retiring 4% of our outstanding common shares from Samsung Display. In closing, we had an excellent quarter. Our performance relative to both 2020 and 2019 adds to our confidence that we are on track for an outstanding year. For the third quarter, we expect core sales in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion. And we expect earnings per share in the range of $0.54 to $0.59. Our value creation model is working. We are pursuing opportunities that utilize capabilities from our focused and cohesive portfolio to drive growth. By repurposing and reapplying capabilities, we're increasing our probability of success, lowering our cost of innovation, and becoming more capital efficient. I look forward to sharing our progress with you as the year goes on. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. And Katherine, we're ready for our first question. And I ask that and – you analysts please limit to one question so we can get to everybody.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. I’d just ask, kind of, a two-parter on optical comms. Sounds like a lot of positives in the industry there. Could you just talk a little bit about how you see kind of the cadence of, of growth for that vertical as you see these positives emerge in both the service provider and hyperscale markets? And Tony, if you could just follow-up and talk a little bit about operating margin leverage in that business, it looked like it was solid in the quarter? How much more room is there on the margin front for optical comms? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So first on the cadence for growth, at this time, we're going to place where, what is that if we could make more, we could sell more. And that's where our attention is. So, our cadence is going to relate more to that than normal seasonality that you'd see in optical communications. And so, we expect that cadence to continue to be strong and aimed primarily at our productivity.
Tony Tripeny: And Tim, I think you're right. I mean, we certainly do have operating leverage that will come from this business as it continues to grow. We do have some headwinds that we're facing. I’d mention the inflationary headwinds with rising costs and we're, you know, working to mitigate those. So, you know, in terms of the actual pace of how that leverage happens is, you know, we need to play out over the next couple of quarters, but there's definitely operating leverage there.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Thanks for all the details on the display side of the business that’s affecting TV Unit growth and screen size growth here in this year and potentially next. Now, you had very strong pricing performance as well in 2021, so, how sustainable do you view the current pricing environment? Do you see a normalized outlook on display in 2022, also translating to a reversal to low-to-mid single-digit price declines or can pricing remain better given the supply demand dynamics in glass? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question Wamsi. I think it's a little early for us to be able to give you some guidance on how we feel about pricing next year. Without a doubt, our very long-term strategy that we have been pursuing here continues to bear fruit. And we're seeing pricing stabilization continue to improve throughout the time period of that effort. And there's many things that are going on technically, and with our strategic moves that lower the pricing intensity of the environment. So, we would expect all those factors to continue to be in place. But one quarter out, right now, it's probably about as far as we'd like to guide at this time on pricing. I'm sorry, Wamsi.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you. Some of the investors have, you know, sided caution as it relates to end device demand. I know Tony talked a lot about TVs, but maybe if you can talk about notebooks and smartphones and how you think about your components as they go into those two end-markets? And if there's any risk of excess inventory in the channel, maybe due to supply constraints, which are in the end resulting in demand push out? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks Asiya. So, let's start with the first part. So, in general, remember, our outperformance in the market is driven by our More Corning strategy like, now there's a number of great examples, but one, of course is smartphone demand where over the last number of years, smartphone demand has been pretty constant, right. It really hasn't grown. The law revenues have grown in excess of 40%. And so that content started really plays out, across really all the different device categories. So, there's always a degree of mitigation of the impact of what's going on with consumer behavior at any given point of time. So, that's first to put in context. Going forward, what we've tried to do is place that range of outcomes of consumer behavior into our guides, and into the way in which we're thinking about and planning our business in the near-term. We invest though in the long-term, right. So, we're really behind those technology trends in the More Corning strategy and then – so for us, you know, being able to call it one quarter for the other doesn't really impact our core investment strategies. But we get a ton of information because we serve those markets so broadly. We try to integrate that into the points of view that we give to you. So, I guess short version is, it’s in there. Our point of view is that all that is in there, and we'll update the point of view as we learn more.
Asiya Merchant: Great. And then on the auto glass opportunity, I know at one point, I think you guys had talked about being able to provide more color on that, you know, to a point where it reaches a certain run rate where you can then call out auto glass, is that something still in the works for 2021 or just given all the bottlenecks in automotive production should we expect that to come later, in 2022? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Great question. So things are going great for us right now in auto glass. And we should get around to figuring out the right way to update you guys on that progress. So, everything is going fine with the innovations, everything's going fine with the industry. We just have to get our act together to decide how do we best help our investors understand our trajectory in that business. So, thank you for the reminder. That's on our to-do list.
Asiya Merchant: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Nice quarter. When do you think gross margins will be back to pre-pandemic levels?
Tony Tripeny: So, you know, right now, you know, we're clearly facing a lot of supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressure. And what we saw in the first quarter was, of course, a lot of that, you know, relative to freight and logistics, we had plans to mitigate that, we actually did those mitigations, but then there were other things that occurred, you know particularly around increased resin cost.  So as, you know, we think about the guide, in particular of the guide for the third quarter, you know, we thought it was prudent to assume that that 150 basis points drag that's, you know, coming from those inflationary and supply chain logistics costs would continue. And you know, again, do the same thing.  We got lots of things to mitigate those and including, in some cases, raising prices on certain product lines. But at least we think for at least for the next couple of quarters, we'll continue to see that drag. We do believe it will mitigate over time, but exactly how long it takes to mitigate that, you know, we just need you to – we just need to let it play out.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Just one more on margins. The investment spending on specialty materials that he called out, can you give us a sense for how big that was in terms of a drag on the operating margins and how it subsides? And then just a clarification on what you just said, Tony, so going forward on the inflation pressure is 150 basis points, quarter-over-quarter those aren’t changing. So, it's the same amount in dollars that you saw in Q2, is that how we should think about it?
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, that's how we should think about it. I mean, as I said, we do have some plans to mitigate some of that. We've actually implemented those plans. We just thought, as we were, you know, thinking about the guidance, you know, what happened to us in Q2, you know, it could happen to us again in Q3, where we have new areas, where we have inflationary pressure.  So, that's how we're thinking about it. It's not that we're not taking actions, but we just think from a guidance standpoint, that's about right. And then in terms of the impact on the projects and the Specialty Materials, I mean they did have an impact on our gross margin and on our operating margin, and you specifically saw that impact when you look at the specialty materials results.
Wendell Weeks: And when you think about scaling that, Steve, you have a pretty good model, I think of what the incremental should play out, and the bulk of that [delta] is our investment in this delta innovation. So, I think if you think about it that way, you've got the right sort of [boxed car]. And as to how quickly it goes away, as fast as we can make it, right. We're just coming of the production cycle here and it's progressing, but like, often with innovations, you know, it's what you don't know that surprises you as opposed to what you know. So, we should be humble in predicting the exact end of the drag.
Steven Fox: Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thanks for taking my question. Tony, I want to go back to your comment about the TV and glass market, and thanks for the detail. What I want to ask you is, what are your key assumption for the panels that are in the channel? And I'm asking that because I'm under the impression that this year we have had to refill the channel, given the strong demand in the second half. And I'm just curious we'd like to know how that channel refill will impact next year?
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, you know, Mehdi the way we always think about this is, what really matters over time is what happens in the end consumer demand and you know, where the channels, you know, go in any given quarter will, of course, you know make a difference in any quarterly number, but what we're really focused on is the longer-term trend there. And as I, you know, pointed out is that, you know, we expected coming into the year for TV units to be down, and for screen size to grow the inch and a half and at least halfway through the year, that's what we're seeing.  As we look at the next year, we'd expect to be back on the trend line that we had previously been on. And, you know, just a reminder that, you know, TV units haven't been down two years in a row, haven't been down in a World Cup year. And what really drives the growth is the screen size growth. And we expect that to be up an inch and a half. So, what we need to do is actually get through the big selling season, and then we'll have more insights once we do that.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yeah. Hi, thanks for fitting me in. I just wanted to come back to the input inflation question. I guess, Tony, you call that the resin, I'm curious whether you guys are seeing other commodity inputs in play? And whether – how temporarily you think this is, do you think it's short-term or do you think that that is an ongoing theme that we'll still be talking about next year, just kind of wondering how inflation is likely to impact a model over the next, let's say 12 months? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: So, we are seeing in other raw material areas, but, you know the biggest one that we saw in the second quarter was really in the resins? You know, it's just, [indiscernible] and shipping freight, you know, areas like that. We do think in the shipping and freight areas, you know, we saw some improvement in the second quarter, and we'd expect that to continue. You know, so, you know, I think that's exactly how this is going to play out over the next several quarters.  It is certainly hard to predict. We think it's prudent to think it is going to be there and we fought it in, you know, our guidance was based on the assumption that that was, you know, continue into the third quarter. We do believe this will normalize our mitigating actions will, you know, have an impact. So, I'm not worried about it in the longer-term, but certainly in the nearer-term, I'm more concerned about it.
Wendell Weeks: So Rod, I think it's an excellent question. And we don't know the exact answer right now. And I think anybody who says they do know the exact answer is probably being prideful. Okay. So, that's why [we're sued]. That's why we're approaching it the way that we are, which is to say, because we look to our guide, we're going to account for those things that we don't know yet that could arise from an inflationary standpoint.  And also on our mitigation actions, you see us begin to take pricing action, to [more equitably] share some of the supply chain pressures and shipping pressures that we feel. I think will – all of us will learn more here in the coming quarters.  And then as we do, we'll be able to give you, I think, a much better point of view on what happens with those cost structures, but as well, what our plans are to make sure that we're doing the right things around pricing, around cost mitigation to make sure those don't unfairly burden our shareholders.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I had one more on TV and kind of display segment. Tony, thanks for the color about the, kind of what you're seeing in retail data. I know you talked previously about China retail probably recovering and self-correcting to some extent. Just wanted to get kind of what you're seeing in the retail data relative to that market? And then display margins is 26.4 that you reported as the highest it's been for a while. So, as we think, kind of about the next couple of quarters, given that you're getting price increases is that the primary driver of improvement that we should be thinking about in the display margins? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: So, I think from a display margin standpoint, I mean, clearly what has happened is, we've been doing a lot of build investments and as we've talked about before and as Wendell talked about, you know, when those build investments come online, you know, we have outstanding operating performance. And that's what you're really seeing in display. For sure, the pricing is also helping, but it is really what's happening from an operating performance standpoint. In terms of the China markets actually been kind of exactly where it was before. We haven't really seen much of a change there. And, you know, we're obviously monitoring it closely to see if something changes.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open.
Martin Yang: Thank you for taking the question. Good morning, everyone. The Gorilla Glass for camera, smartphone camera cover seems to be a pretty big opportunity and the market seems to be able to adopt the solution fairly quickly. Can you maybe give us more context around the supply chain, whether or not your solution can fit well into existing manufacturing process? And how are the customer feedback so far on the new product?
Wendell Weeks: Thanks Martin. We’re quite excited about this opportunity as well. So, thanks for calling it out. The way the supply chain works is, we will literally provide that part, a cover part. So, both the underlying structure, the glass structures, as well as the material we use to drive the composite to be able to improve the optics and durability of those cameras. So, we've built the supply chain to be able to have that roll into, really the same plants that ultimately glass parts go to, to build phones. So, we feel pretty good that we have the capability that we’ve built the capability to serve the market. And so now it will be, how quickly will the technology be adopted? Because it is new, it is a new feature for phones. It does improve camera performance pretty darn significantly. So, we're hoping that that becomes pretty rapidly adopted. One thing that's going to impact pacing though is, when you change the light capturing capabilities of a camera. Remember that cameras are pretty complex devices, right. So, you have the whole lens system, and you have different chipsets to deal with that imaging, and they're built around an optical chain that is a certain amount of light that's available. So, we're actually improving that. And so, as you improve that to take full advantage of it, you probably need to optimize some other components. So, we do think that though it is relatively easily adoptable, there are things that you would need to do differently to take full advantage of this to deliver an advantage and customer experience.
Martin Yang: That's really helpful. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I have a big picture question. During this script, you noted build projects you've undertaken from 2016 to 2019, have an ROIC of over 20%, you're kind of, this is my word, but in a harvesting mode on some of those, how should we think about the case of the investments you've made over the last few years? Just in terms of thinking about how you maintain, you know, sort of the continued benefit from, I don't know where you're investing in, and so that in four years, you can say that, you know, the ones you've done, you know, right now are yielding sort of a similar growth rate? I'm just trying to understand, you know, the building blocks to get us to the future strong revenue growth, given what you've done in the past four years. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: So, Shannon, that's a great question. The first thing I would say is, you know, our focus right now is on what we call our extend capital. And that extend capital is, you know, how we continue to grow in our businesses. And a lot of the growth that we're experiencing right now really comes from the investments we've made the last couple of years from the extend capital in addition to the build capital. And we'd expect that, you know, we’ve got a lot of extended capital that we're putting in place right now and that's going to continue to support our growth going forward.  You know, given our more Corning trends, and you know, our innovation model and the opportunities that we see out there, that really gives us a chance to perform much better than the underlying markets. And I'm sure at some point, we will be back at looking at build capital. And when we do that, you know, we'll do that with real customer commitments, including, you know, financing.  So, you know, we think this is a great model to run our business with, it's really improved our capital efficiencies, it's improved our return on invested capitals. And, you know, I think from a shareholder standpoint, this is a great way to run our businesses.
Shannon Cross: Great, thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Let's take one more question before we close.
Operator: Okay. And that comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Maybe following up on the last question, you know, Wendell, you guys mentioned, kind of constraints on the optical side, you know, you've also mentioned, kind of increased ROIC. You've been pretty reserved on, kind of CapEx, rightfully, so kind of during a lower cash flow generation period, but as that picks up, you know, just what should we consider for CapEx for the remainder of the year? You know, we do step-up some of the investments to increase product availability. Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: You know, I think our underlying view on what capital spending is going to be this year is, you know, roughly the same as it's been since the beginning of the year. You know, we knew we were going to have a good year, a strong year with growth. It's a little bit, you know, going faster than maybe what we originally projected. So, maybe capital will go up a little bit more than our original projections, but our original outlook would be pretty similar to what we did in 2020, maybe it'll be a little bit higher than that, but not a lot higher than that.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks.
Ann Nicholson: Great. All right. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we're going to be attending the Jefferies Virtual Conference on September 1; and the Citi Virtual Conference on September 14. You can find a replay of today's call on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you for joining us, and Katherine, you can disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 1 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce you to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the first quarter, the largest difference between our GAAP and core results stemmed from noncash mark-to-market gains associated with the company's currency hedging contracts. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this increased GAAP earnings in Q1 by $308 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges provide us – protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than five years ago. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst segment. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported a strong start to what we expect to be an outstanding year. For the first quarter, we grew sales 29% year-over-year to $3.3 billion. We grew EPS by 125% to $0.44. Free cash flow of $372 million builds on the momentum we established in the second half of 2020. All five of our segments delivered double-digit sales and net income growth year-over-year, with sales growth rates ranging from 50% for display to 38% for environmental. But last year was an easy compare. So I think it's worth noting that total company sales are up 14% since the first quarter of 2019. No question, we're in a strong position. This morning, I want to take a closer look at how all our businesses are achieving key milestones and contributing to Corning's success. I'll frame my remarks around three points. First, invention is fundamental to our long-term strategy. Through our relentless commitment to R&D, we developed category-defining products to transform industries and enhance lives. Second, as we partner closely with our customers to move their industries forward, we unlock new ways to integrate more Corning content into their ecosystems. This is a powerful growth mechanism. And finally, we continue to build a stronger, more resilient company, one that is committed to rewarding shareholders while supporting our customers, our people and our communities. Now let me expand on my first point. We're living in a world that Corning anticipated exactly a decade ago in our video, A Day Made of Glass. It's a world where technology underpins every facet of human life; a world of communication and connection, where massive bandwidth facilitates real-time information and on-demand connections and people stay connected through a virtual environment that is literally at their fingertips. Let's think about what it means as displays and touchscreen devices make their way to the very center of daily life. The demands we're putting on today's screens and the expectations we have for tomorrow's imply a very specific set of properties. The requirements for precision glass and ceramics become more and more exacting. We need a material that is strong, yet thin and lightweight, flexible and conformable, durable, damage-resistant and impermeable, stable enough to withstand hostile weather, extreme temperatures and cleaning agents. It needs to be touch-friendly and look elegant. It must scale for very large applications and yet be useful in the palm of your hand or on your wrist. The material must also be operable with a world of technical capabilities that lie just below the surface, enabling complex electronic circuits and nano scale structure. And it must be mindful of the environment. When it comes to the critical components that enable high technology systems in multiple markets that we serve, the bar just keeps getting higher. This leads to a world where precision glass and ceramics win. And we have been winning. When we examine the growth in all our business today, we see key trends converging around our capabilities at a very exciting pace. In short, we're vital to progress. We succeed through sustained investments in R&D and years of material science and process engineering knowledge. Everything begins with our cohesive portfolio. Corning is one of the world's most proficient innovators in materials science. We combine our unparalleled expertise in glass science, ceramic science and optical physics with our proprietary manufacturing and engineering platforms to develop category defining products that transform industries and enhance lives. Today, our inventions clean the air we all breathe, connect people to information and each other, provide the window through which we access information and entertainment. And they help facilitate the discovery and delivery of new medicines. And we're building in each of these areas. We're helping our customers move toward a world with nearly infinite and ubiquitous bandwidth; with large lifelike displays, where cars are cleaner, autonomous and connected; where medicines are individualized, effective and safe; and where you can do more right from your mobile device, protected by cover materials that can withstand even greater reviews. That leads me to my second point. As we work closely with our customers to advance these visions, we find ways to solve their toughest technology challenges. Our probability of success increases as we apply more of our world-class capabilities, and our cost of innovation declines as we reapply talent and repurpose our existing assets. As we apply our focused portfolio, we invent solutions that add even more value to our customers' offerings, and this provides a powerful growth mechanism. We aren't exclusively relying on people just buying more stuff. We're putting more Corning into the products that people are already buying. Now through that lens, let's look at our progress across our market access platforms. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we continue to help transform the way people interact with and use their devices. And we're capturing significant growth by increasing the value we offer on each of those devices. As we advance state-of-the-art for cover materials, we drive sustained outperformance across up and down markets. We've grown specialty sales every year from 2016 to today despite smartphone unit sales being roughly flat or down each year. Over that five-year period, we've added more than $750 million in sales on a base of more than $1 billion. Fast Company recently recognized our achievements in this space. Noting both Ceramic Shield and Gorilla Glass Victus, the magazine named Corning The Most Innovative Company in Consumer Electronics for 2021. We see a similar growth story playing out in automotive since 2017, the peak year for car sales. Our auto sales are up more than 40%, while global car sales are down 20%. We're helping customers navigate an industry that is expected to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the past 15. And as we do, we're working to capture and expand $100 per car content opportunity across emissions, auto glass solutions and other technical glass products, including our patented 3D ColdForm technology. We were thrilled to see the world premier event for the all-electric EQS for Mercedes. Its hyper screen features a Gorilla Glass cover almost five feet wide. We've also launched a new generation of GPS. They're helping vehicles including hybrids, achieve even lower levels of fine particulate emissions. And they're helping us exceed a $500 million GPF business ahead of our original time frame. In Life Sciences, we are delivering growth on two fronts. First, demand is growing based on COVID-19 vaccines and diagnostics. Second, we're becoming increasingly relevant as we help the industry move towards cell engine-based therapies, and that shift translates into more of our content per drug sold. Looking longer term, we're making significant strides toward building a Valor Glass franchise, addressing a multibillion-dollar content opportunity in pharmaceutical packaging markets. We doubled Valor vial production in quarter one versus quarter four. And to-date, the company has shipped enough Valor vials for hundreds of millions of doses of COVID-19 vaccines. Corning also expanded its agreement with the U.S. government to boost capacity for vials to $261 million, a $57 million increase from our initial June 2020 agreement. Turning to display. We're leveraging our competitive advantages to deliver stable returns. I'm pleased to note that in quarter one, we experienced the most favorable first quarter pricing environment in more than a decade. And we announced a moderate increase to our display glass substrate prices for the second quarter. Stepping back. We're the lowest-cost producer of display glass, which makes us significantly more profitable than our competitors. Our superior products, innovation capabilities and deep customer relationships enable us to maintain our leadership position. And our flexible fusion manufacturing platform allows us to match operating capacity with demand. Meanwhile, the emergence of Gen 10.5 has given us a unique opportunity. Demand for large-sized TVs continues to grow. 75-inch sets were up more than 60% last year. These TVs are most efficiently made on the largest fabs, and Corning is well positioned to drive more content into the market in 2021 with its Gen 10.5 plants in China. Finally, let's look at optical. I'm energized by the outlook for this business. We gauge the market by three indicators. First is network need, and we can all see that demand on the network is only increasing. Second is customer statements. Broadly, network operators are making encouraging announcements on capital investment for 5G and hyperscale data center deployments. And there's also good news on fiber-to-the-home. AT&T’s CEO, John Stankey recently said that fiber underpins the connectivity we deliver, serving both wired and wireless. His company announced plans to increase its fiber-to-the-home footprint by an additional three million customer locations across more than 90 metro areas in 2021. Verizon CFO, Matt Ellis said the fiber serves as the critical backbone to our 5G deployment. Our commitments with our vendor partners, such as Samsung, Nokia, Ericsson and Corning, represent key strategic agreements to drive innovation in 5G. And finally, the third indicator that we watch is our order book. We're seeing orders and sales increase. And we're also seeing multiple governments starting to shape policy that asserts broadband is a basic right. They're developing action plans to take optical solutions to many more homes. The White House is calling for more than $120 billion to bring high-speed Internet to every American. Just looking at the two biggest efforts, the Rural Opportunity Development Fund and the President's infrastructure plan, we see a multibillion-dollar opportunity for Corning. Additionally, the UK launched its £5 billion Project Gigabit. The plan is to bring next-generation broadband to more than 1 million hard-to-reach homes and businesses. And the European Commission is calling for €135 billion to support the rollout of rapid broadband services to all regions and households starting in 2021. In addition, we remain the unquestioned technology and market leader. We consistently create new products and extend our lead by delivering solutions that help our customers realize their network visions faster, better and cheaper. Simultaneously, we're driving productivity improvements to increase capacity and lower our cost. In total, we're feeling very good about optical. So I've talked about how we invest to create and make innovations that solve tough challenges, deliver for our customers and grow. Now I want to add on my final point. As we effectively build our strength as a company, we will continue to reward our shareholders. The strength of our businesses results in significant cash generation. Our first priority is to invest for growth. And we are committed to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and opportunistic buybacks. In the first quarter, we announced a 9% increase to our dividend. And earlier this month, we seized a great opportunity to resume share buybacks. Through our recent transaction with Samsung display, we repurchased 4% of our outstanding shares. This is a great deal for our shareholders and it's great news for Corning that Samsung retained a 9% long-term ownership stake in the company. We see their investment as validation of Corning's innovation road map and the value of our capabilities. As we look ahead, this only adds to our confidence. Shifting to a broader view of our stakeholder base, we're committed to sharing resources and leadership on a range of important issues. We continue to support vital human services and emergency relief in our communities around the world. Our Office of Racial Equality and Social Unity has made significant strides. In North Carolina, we've established a five-year partnership with NCANT, the largest historically black university in the United States to provide scholarships through 2026. The funding focuses on enhancing STEM education, helping students become community classroom teachers and boosting the number of graduates in other fields critical to the nation's workforce. In New York, we're providing hands-on support on police reform. We're also energized around our sustainability efforts. The U.S. EPA has once again named Corning an ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year. Recently, Verizon publicly recognized our sustainable practices. And I am pleased to announce that we'll publish our first sustainability report in the coming months. On all dimensions, Corning is operating exceptionally well, and our capabilities are vital to progress on multiple fronts. We're succeeding at building a stronger, more resilient company. I want to thank our incredibly dedicated employees around the world for their commitment to our company, to the communities we serve and to each other. And I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Now I'll turn the call over to Tony, so he can give you some more insight on the quarter.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to reiterate that Corning had another excellent quarter. We closed 2020 with strong momentum and built on that momentum by delivering sales, EPS and cash flow above our expectations. We are off to a great start, and we expect that strong demand and positive momentum to continue throughout the year. Now let me walk you through our first quarter performance. Sales were $3.3 billion, which translates to a year-over-year increase of 29%. We posted double-digit sales and net income growth year-over-year across all of our segments. Environmental Technologies and Specialty Materials delivered particularly strong year-over-year growth, posting sales increases of 38% and 28%, respectively, and net income gains of 111% and 78%, respectively. Optical Communications posted its second quarter of year-over-year growth, and we expect to see that trend continue. And notably, display experienced the most favorable first quarter pricing environment we’ve seen in more than a decade. During the quarter, multiple events disrupted global supply chains. Like many other companies, we experienced elevated freight and logistics costs across our businesses and we expedited shipments to meet our customers' expanding demand. This ultimately reduced profits by approximately $50 million. As a result, our margins were below normalized levels. This was most pronounced in our Environmental Technologies, Optical Communications and Display businesses. We will continue to do what it takes to deliver for our customers. But we'll also take steps to mitigate these costs, and we expect to see them begin to decline in the second quarter and normalize longer term. Operating margin was 17.1%. That's an improvement of 730 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We grew operating income of 125% year-over-year. EPS came in at $0.45, which is more than double year-over-year. Free cash flow of $372 million was up $691 million versus first quarter 2020, and it equates to 39% of our 2020 total. This adds to our confidence that we will generate significantly more free cash flow than 2020. So even with the disruptions from the Suez to storms, to continued COVID challenges, it was a very strong quarter. Now let's take a closer look at the performance of each of our businesses. In Display Technologies, first quarter sales were $863 million, up 3% sequentially and up 50% year-over-year. Net income was $213 million, up 40% year-over-year. Now net income declined slightly sequentially because of the timing and flows of incentives associated with expansions in China. Corning's volume grew by a low single-digit percentage sequentially and Q1 sequential prices remain consistent with Q4 levels. Now we continue to see strong in-market demand. Retail demand for large-sized TVs and IT products, including notebook PCs, are both on track for another year of double-digit growth. As a reminder, growth in large-sized TVs is the most important driver for us as we are well positioned to capture that growth with Gen 10.5, which is the most efficient gen size for large TV manufacturing. Panel makers are running at high utilizations, and glass demand is robust. And we continue to expect the glass market to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage in 2021. Against this backdrop, issues at our competitors have created glass shortages in an already tight supply environment. Our primary operational focus is to supply our customers' demand. Corning experienced the most favorable first quarter glass pricing environment in more than a decade. And we have increased cost in logistics, energy, raw materials and other operational expenses. As a result, we are moderately increasing glass prices in the second quarter. We believe the pricing environment will remain favorable going forward. Three factors will continue to drive this. First, we expect glass supply to remain short to tight in the upcoming quarters. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Looking ahead, we expect that glass supply will continue to be short to tight, and we will continue to partner with our customers to maximize our glass supply. In Optical Communications, first quarter sales were $937 million, up 80% year-over-year. Sales were up in both enterprise and carrier networks driven by the accelerated pace of data center builds and increased capital spending on network capacity expansion and fiber-to-the-home projects. Net income was $111 million, up 283%. The improvement was driven by incremental volume and strong cost performance. There are some extremely encouraging announcements coming from leading network operators as well as governments around the world that point to the start of a strong investment phase across the industry. Clearly, there is a lot of excitement surrounding network deployment and optical fiber's role in delivering both basic and next-generation services to end customers. We are well positioned to capture a significant amount of that upside in the market. Corning is the industry leader and the only large-scale end-to-end manufacturer of optical solutions, which allows us to innovate on important dimensions not available to competitors. This puts us squarely at the center of growth trajectories in fiber-to-the-home, 5G and hyperscale data centers. We've returned to growth in Optical Communications, and we remain confident that we will continue to grow. In Environmental Technologies, first quarter sales were $441 million, up 38% year-over-year. Net income was $74 million, up 111% year-over-year. Diesel sales grew 44% year-over-year driven by customers continuing to adopt more advanced after-treatment in China and by a stronger-than-expected North America heavy-duty truck market. Automotive sales were up 34% year-over-year as the global auto market improved and GPF adoption continued in Europe and China. And we are well on our way and ahead of our original time frame to build a $500 million gas particulate filter business. European regulations are in full effect, and adoption in China continues as China's 6A implementation of the regulations began during the first quarter. In Specialty Materials, first quarter sales of $451 million were up 28% year-over-year due to strong demand for premium cover materials, strength in the IT market and demand for semiconductor-related optical glasses. Net income was $91 million, up 78% from 2020 as a result of higher sales volumes and lower manufacturing costs. Connectivity and computation continues to grow in importance, creating strength and resilience in the smartphone, IT and semiconductor markets. And we outperformed that strong market. Our premium glasses and surfaces supported new phones and IT launches, including more than 25 smartphones and 12 laptops and tablets featuring Gorilla Glass. And we are capturing high demand for our industry-leading advanced optics materials, which are essential for deep and extreme ultraviolet or EUV lithography.\ In 2020, EUV systems accounted for more than 30% of all semiconductor lithography equipment expenditures. Our customers believe these systems will grow significantly over the next five years. So we see growth for our semiconductor-related materials well beyond resolution of the current and well-publicized capacity tightness. Life Sciences first quarter sales were $300 million, up 16% year-over-year and 9% sequentially, driven by continued strong demand for diagnostics, growth in bioproduction and recovery in lab research markets. Net income was $48 million, up 26% year-over-year and 14% sequentially driven by the higher sales and solid operating performance. Now I'd like to turn to our commitment to financial stewardship and capital allocation. Our fundamental approach remains the same. We will continue to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength. We generate very strong operating cash flow, and we expect to continue going forward. We will continue to use our cash to grow, extend our leadership and reward shareholders. Our first priority for our use of cash is to invest in our growth and extend our leadership. We do this through RD&E investments, capital spending and strategic M&A. Our next priority is to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. In February, we announced a 9% increase to our quarterly dividend. In April, share – we resumed share buybacks by repurchasing 4% of our outstanding common shares from Samsung display. We are pleased that Samsung will remain a significant shareholder. Their ownership demonstrates confidence in the value of Corning's capabilities, our ongoing technology collaborations and our combined innovation leadership. The repurchases will be immediately accretive to EPS starting in Q2. We will remain opportunistic during the year surrounding additional share repurchases. In closing, we had an excellent quarter relative to both 2020 and in 2019. Demand is high across our businesses. Our more Corning strategy is working, and we are operating very well with all segments growing year-over-year. We are growing our top and bottom line and generating strong free cash flow. For the second quarter, we expect core sales of $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion and earnings per share of $0.49 to $0.53. And for the rest of the year, we expect that momentum to continue. I look forward to sharing our progress with you as the year goes on. With that, let’s move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tony. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. And thanks for all the color on the call so far. Wendell, I was wondering if you can maybe put some perspective on the current optical cycle from two points. One is the differences maybe in the market served by region application versus prior cycles, where you're strong, where you maybe have opportunities? And secondly, your own innovation, what could drive better content for you, market outgrowth, et cetera. And then, Tony, just on the other sales line, can you maybe break that out a little bit and give us some color on what was in that this quarter? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Steven. In terms of this build cycle, I think the most interesting thing about it is how demanding it is? The nature of network builds is the big civil works projects, and they're big capital investments. And so they tend to be made with very long-term anticipation of growing demand. What's happened is during the pandemic, the networks sort of burn through their guardrail that they always tend to have. That was try to be about 18 months ahead of any demand. And so now you're feeling it. They're feeling the revenue opportunity even earlier as they build. So that provides a little more impetus. So that's like the first thing, I think, that's a little different than build cycles that you and I have seen in the past, Steven. There's much less on spec, more on, hey, the baseline demand has just moved up. There's more work from home. There's more need for bandwidth. There's more cloud. There's more – and it's here today. And so I think that's one thing. I think the second thing is our – the entry of fiber optics in a significant way into wireless. So historically in 4G systems or 3G, they've been relatively fiber-poor. They haven't been big consumers of fiber. But with 5G, those cells need to be so much closer to the consumer, to their customers. You need more densification, and that's driving a lot more glass into the wireless network. So it sort of put us in this position, Steven, where sort of like whichever network wins or whichever network, they tend to emphasize, it will be glass-rich. Now if that wasn't already more than you wanted to know, I think the third thing is that operators are building more converged networks. Especially the big folks used to run a wireless network separate from wireline, there would even be separation between what is aimed at consumers versus businesses. And now they're their very best returns were by putting in fixed glass networks and then being able to serve as many different offerings off the tip of that fiber. So in general, this has built a pretty good build case for the technology cycle continuing to move our way along with the build cycle. As you heard me say in the opening, one of the things we're doing when you sort of see that converged nature and you see more cloud is it's driving our innovation wheel to be able to find ways for people to install networks and have them be able to go in faster, less expensively and now greater using much less materials. And we have a whole suite of products that we're just starting to introduce that are going to help make this build cycle be a more effective investment for our customers.
Tony Tripeny: And then, Steve, in terms of the other segment, sales were about $270 million, a couple of hundred million dollars over last year. Vast majority of those sales were from Hemlock. Hemlock had a strong quarter, but we also saw a little bit of an increase in both our auto glass and in our Ballard business on a year-over-year basis.
Steven Fox: Great. Appreciate all the color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Hey, thanks for taking my question. It was just on display. I wanted to understand the difference relative to when you talk about retail demand being strong, you talked about double-digit growth. But for the glass market, you're talking about mid-single-digit demand. And that overall grass market outlook sounds very similar to what you've talked about in previous years despite a much stronger market this year. So is that really just a capacity constraint that's limiting the glass market demand? And does that push some demand into next year? I just wanted to better understand that difference. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: No, I think from an overall standpoint, you're right. I mean, we're expecting the demand this year to be similar to what's happened in past years. And that, of course, is really driven by what happens with large screen-sized TVs. And so what we're pointing out is how important, not only those are, but that's where we're seeing a lot of good demand. I think one of the other changes that have happened over the last couple of years is IT is also having stronger demand and what we've seen in the last couple of years. And given the work-from-home and study-from-home environment, we expect that to continue. So I mean, we expect our what really drives this market, as you know, Samik, is what happens from a screen size standpoint. We'd expect our screen size to be up in that 1.5 inch plus just like it has in the past, and that would drive that marketplace. The one thing I would note is the one market where demand isn't as strong from a TV standpoint is in China. And China hasn't been as strong in the last couple of years. And we would expect that to change over time. And when that changes, we do think that, that will be additional demand that isn't in the marketplace today. Whether that happens in the back half of this year or next year, we'll just have to wait to see.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And Samik, what you're basically noting, and I think it's an astute observation is that, that demand above sort of our normal screen size growth is getting met by a reduction in the value chain downstream of us. So your question of does that basically put more demand out into next year, that's a good one. It all depends on how that supply chain ends overall. But I think it's a very good observation.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Thanks for the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yes, thanks for the question. I wanted to ask two, I suppose. One would be the inventory levels on TVs. I know that, Wendell, you talked just a second ago about the supply shortages and how that mix is with demand. I'm just curious, when you guys think the inventory levels out there will be back to something like a new normal, whatever that is? And then secondly, I wanted to ask on C-band auctions and the optical business, whether you've detected any delays in deployment of optical fiber around some of that C-band spectrum build out and 5G build out? Or do you think that the deployment of all that starts maybe this summer? Just kind of trying to figure out what the timing expectation for that optical demand, particularly in the U.S., is around C-band and 5G? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: So I think in terms of the TV inventory levels, as Wendell said, we did see significant demand last year. And that definitely and continue to see good demand in the first quarter. And that clearly is impacting what's happening from an inventory level standpoint. And that is where we're seeing the continued reduction in those areas. And whether that sorts itself out by the end of the year or into next year really depends on what level of demand continues on a going-forward basis and not only on these large-sized TVs and IT, but also on IT products and then whatever eventually happens from a standpoint in China also.
Wendell Weeks: And on the C-band piece, I think just take your question divided in these two pieces. First, just look at the value that C-band auction, Rod, is one of the things I take away from that is the value of densification. Because the way you increase the returns on those relatively big amounts they spend on spectrum is you can spread it up. You can reuse the same basic spectrum as long as you increase the densification of your network and decrease the serving area of that particular spectrum. So I think it really provides powerful economic interest in sort of fiber-rich wireless networks over time. So I think that's good news. As far as the actual timing goes, because of the converged nature of the networks, I don't know off the top of my head, Rod. Let us check into it, and we'll get back to you if we have any deep insight, okay?
Rod Hall: Great. Okay, thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Are any of the baby businesses in the other segment graduating to the adult segments anytime soon, say, auto glass or Valor Glass? Or when do you think those businesses grow up?
Wendell Weeks: John, don’t make me laugh on my earnings call, but yes, I think that's an excellent question. We're arguing about just that. And when do they move fully into our map structures, our market access platforms, we're not quite ready to have them graduate yet. But it's – but we're in the midst of that exact dialogue, sir.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I mean, I think – as I said, we saw growth on a year-over-year basis in both of those businesses, and we feel good about that. And I think there's definite benefit of having them in the other segment in terms of the real focus that we get, but then we also leverage our market access platforms at the same time. So we will definitely continue to debate that internally.
John Roberts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Wendell, I was hoping you could talk more broadly about if the constraints in the semiconductor space are creating any particular challenges for Corning across its business lines? And if I could, Tony, could you talk about the gross margins in the quarter? I understood your comment around the $50 million headwind because of some of the increased logistical freight cost, synergy costs. But can you talk about why we're not seeing potentially better gross margins, given the pricing and volumes that you're seeing in display, in particular? And maybe underlying that, what is actually happening with like-for-like margins across the segments? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: First, cover that Tony.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, Wamsi, as you know, our stated goal is to expand our operating margins and improve our return on invested capital. And the good news is we're doing just that. And we believe these results are very good. And we think operating margin is the right place to judge our profitability. And the reason we focus on it, it's where we're utilizing our focus portfolio to capture synergies across our businesses. And you saw this expansion in operating margin. You saw it in Q3 and Q4 last year on a year-over-year basis, and you see it again in Q1. Our Q1 operating margin 17.1%, which was up considerably from last year, and our operating margin in terms of dollars was up 125%. So I mean, this is good performance and in line with where we were actually from a pre-pandemic standpoint. But as you noted, it was also included 150 basis points of cost from the $50 million of freight and logistics cost. And when you adjust for that, then it's extremely strong performance from a margin standpoint. And the good news is these costs will start to decline in Q2. They're going to normalize longer-term. And as that happens, you'd expect to see continued expansions from a margin standpoint. Now one question we get a lot is, well, what does Hemlock do to our margins? And this is a really good example of why we think if you're going to judge our profitability, operating margins is the right place to judge it. Is it actually a drag on our gross margin percentage? On average, it's about 50 basis points. But in Q1 because we had a little bit stronger business in Hemlock, it was actually greater than that. But it is slightly accretive on an operating margin standpoint. And that's why we think it's important to think about things from an operating standpoint. So from where we sit, we think it was really good performance in Q1. And you'd expect to see improved profitability as we turn to a more normalized environment.
Wamsi Mohan: Wendell, could you follow-up on the semi side?
Wendell Weeks: Sure. It's definitely impacting auto, display and our Mobile Consumer Electronics industries. But really, in all three of those, our backlog has been strong enough that we're not feeling it in our sales. So we're watching it really closely. But so far, we're not – we're just not feeling it in our revenue, although we know that it is definitely impacting the industry like auto is or in IT. They can't get it up, but we're still growing really strongly into that. So more to come, we'll look at it closely. And any insights that you pick up along the way, we would appreciate as well, sir.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Wendell.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citi. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for the color, and thanks for all the incremental comments this far. I just have a couple of questions. One on CapEx. It came in a little bit shorter than what I was expecting. Should we expect this run rate to continue for the remainder of the year? Or was there any onetime this quarter? And then just the commentary so far on demand, backlog, order pipeline seems really strong. I know Corning did use to provide annual guidance or at least annual color across the various segments. Any reason why that's not the case this particular quarter? And should we expect that in the future quarters? Thanks you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I think from a CapEx standpoint, what we said back in January is we thought CapEx would be pretty similar to what occurred in 2020. And we still think that's likely to be the case. As you noted, our demand is very strong. And so as we get out further into the year, is it possible we'd spend a little bit more CapEx in order to meet that demand? That's certainly always a possibility. But I think from an overall standpoint, where we were back in January is still the right place. And if for some reason that were to change in a big way, of course, that always comes with committed customer demand. And so that's a good thing. And then in terms of our full year guidance, I mean, clearly, we're very happy about the momentum that we've experienced in Q4 and in Q1. And as with the guide we gave, we expect to continue from a Q2 standpoint. There's just still a lot of uncertainty in the world and a lot of general uncertainty. And so we're very just focused right now on delivering in the near term and keeping that momentum going.
Wendell Weeks: If I can just add to both, I think as you think about cash flow, CapEx and then our guide, fundamentally, our cash flow is really strong when we're not in a big build cycle. And that's what you're seeing right now as we are in to create and extend pieces of our value creation cycle. And you see it with our quarter one free cash flow conversion was 90%. And you should really expect this type of very powerful cash flow from us when we're not in a significant build cycle. It takes us about 18 months to get one of these big plants up, and then it takes us a while to fill it. We're now benefiting from the wisdom of our past build cycles. And so that's going to continue to be strong. On guidance, we've listened really closely to our investment communities. And what we've tried to do is – the feedback we've gotten is sort of what would be most valuable would be to move to the more macro sales and EPS level and to take it a quarter at a time for now. And then as we continue to progress under this method, if you or others have thoughts on how we could additionally improve our ability to communicate with investors, we'll be really open to it. So more conversation to come, and we look forward to your input.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Martin Yang: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Wendell, can you maybe comment on where we are in the hyperscale data center investments? And maybe any additional color, comment on their action in the next 12 to 18 months will be appreciated. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Great. So short version is they're increasing their investments in hyperscale really across the board. Our various folks are more vague versus more direct, right? But what you see is really across the board in hyper, folks are commenting that they are going to continue to increase their investment in data centers as they're going forward here in this year. So we're actually in a build cycle for them as well. Good news is we have the capacity. We're ready to go. And we're seeing that demand as you saw in quarter one, and we're going to continue to see it. And I'm really excited about some of our potential innovations in that space that will, once again, create that more Corning, more of our content, why we reduce hyperscale's carbon footprint. We reduce its cost and increase their ability to get them up fast.
Martin Yang: Great. Thanks.
Ann Nicholson: Operator, we’ll squeeze in one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Thanks for getting me on to bell here. Two, if I could. Maybe, Tony, for you. Could you talk a little bit about operating expenses? I get the focus on op margin over gross margin. It looks like a pretty good number in Q1. How do we think about the cadence there, given you guys have done some refocusing on the OpEx side, but also we should start seeing some return to travel and things like that and incentive payments and whatnot? And then second, on the Life Sciences business, could you talk a little bit about – you've obviously had two really strong quarters there. Do you think there's been some pull-forward? Or do you think we're kind of at new higher levels for that business? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes Tim, from an operating expense standpoint, you're right. We remain very focused on that during the pandemic. We took a lot of actions, which saved us roughly a couple of hundred million dollars during the year. And we've said all along that those costs return as we return to normal, and I would expect to continue to see those increase somewhat as we go into the second and to the third quarter. Kind of the historic operating expense percentages that we've had, I think that's where you're going to end up from an overtime standpoint. Clearly, we remain very focused on it, but I just – I do think that you do see increases as business goes up. But the thing to keep in mind is that, of course, with the leverage that we're getting from a margin standpoint that we'd expect our operating margins to go up, just like they experienced as we did on a year-over-year basis in Q1 and also as we saw in Q3 and Q4. And then from a Life Sciences standpoint, I think that this is an ongoing business level. I mean, this is strength that we've seen across our businesses. Our orders are actually very strong. Our backlog is strong. And I mean, this is a level of business that we'd expect going forward, and we expect to see continued growth in that business actually.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. It's all – I think you're asking is because of the real crunch in the Life Sciences businesses, people are trying to react to everything that was needed for the pandemic. You do create some high variability in supply chains, and we'll experience some of that. But in general, because of where we're positioned with our products and our innovations, we're sort of going down the journey in Life Sciences. It looks a lot like our other market access platforms, where the areas that we've invested are going to grow faster than the underlying markets, and our innovations are going to lead to a more Corning story. And therefore, I believe we are in an elevated growth environment for Life Sciences going forward as our innovations just become more relevant to the secular trends in that industry.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tim; thank you, Wendell. And thanks operator, thank you all for joining us this morning. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that we will attend the JPMorgan Virtual Tech and Internet Conference on May 26 and the Bernstein conference on June 2. Finally, a web replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thanks for joining us. And operator, you can disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Corning, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning and welcome to Corning’s quarter four 2020 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business.  For the fourth quarter, the largest difference between our GAAP and core results stem from restructuring charges, which are primarily noncash, as well as noncash mark-to-market losses associated with the company's currency hedging contracts. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation, hedge contracts, and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though these contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this reduced GAAP earnings in Q4 by $63 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth, and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than five years ago. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, and we encourage you to follow along and you can download them from our website. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported an outstanding finish to the year. Each of our segments grew sales and profits year-over-year, and we continue to progress our strategic initiatives. For the fourth quarter, sales were $3.3 billion, up 11% sequentially and 17% year-over-year. Our operating margin expanded 500 basis points year-over-year to 19.4%. Operating income grew 18% sequentially and 58% year-over-year. EPS of $0.52 was up 21% sequentially and 13% year-over-year. We generated $464 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter, $948 million for the full year, and we finished the year with $2.7 billion in cash on our balance sheet. It goes without saying, 2020 was an incredibly difficult year. We joined the rest of the world to confront the pandemic, economic uncertainty, and social unrest. Throughout the year, we focused on our customers and executed on strategic priorities while protecting our people. For more perspective on our performance, I'll share three observations. First, we demonstrated our ability to adapt rapidly and remain resilient in the face of uncertainty. Second, our more Corning content strategy clearly contributed to our growth and our performance against our end markets; and finally, throughout this difficult period, we're embracing the opportunity to make a difference wherever we are with what we have to contribute. Now, I'll expand on my first observation. Our decisive actions and strong operational execution have resulted in continued leadership in the capabilities that make Corning distinctive. Like many companies, we focused on bolstering our financial strength, reducing production levels, and operating costs, carefully managing inventory, reducing capital expenditures, and pausing share buybacks. However, it's not about what we cut, but what we kept. While we adjusted production, we didn't reduce capacity keeping us positioned to meet increasing demand when the economy improved. We continue to make strategic investments and advance major innovations with our customers to capture the growth playing out across our market access platforms, and we developed multifaceted programs to protect our talent and preserve our capabilities. Our first half actions generated significant cost savings in the second half of the year, and as the economy started showing signs of green shoots, we effectively adjusted our operations keeping pace as demand started to recover in many of the markets we serve. Our results tell the story. Our sales were down 12% in the first half as most economies were impacted by pandemic-related lockdowns. But in the second half, we improved sales 24% over the first, while growing operating income 122%, returning to year-over-year growth and generating very strong free cash flow. For the year, we generated almost $1 billion of free cash flow and our balance sheet remains very strong. We expect this strong momentum to continue heading into 2021. We will continue to adapt and focus on execution as we have proven that our approach is working. Turning to my second observation. In all the industries we serve, important market trends continue to offer new challenges that Corning is just uniquely qualified to address and new opportunities to integrate more Corning content into our customers' products. In this difficult year, we have proven that this is an especially powerful value creation letter. We aren't relying exclusively on people buying more stuff. We're putting more Corning into the products that people are already buying. In the fourth quarter, this strategy paid off as we grew sales year-over-year in every one of our businesses. At the top were Specialty Materials, with sales up 20% year-over-year, and Environmental Technologies up 19% year-over-year, both significantly outperforming their end markets. Last quarter, I described our innovations in Mobile Consumer Electronics, looking at how we're investing to create additional revenue streams and capture content opportunities. Today, I'll focus on our Automotive Market-Access Platform. The auto industry is undergoing major disruptions. Automakers are designing cleaner and safer vehicles, while featuring technology that provides immersive experiences. We're uniquely suited to address these trends. And for us, the opportunity is large in the range of $100 per car in Corning content. We're collaborating with more OEMs, and we're offering more solutions to help move the industry forward. Let's look at two of our biggest successes right now. Starting with our Automotive Glass Solutions business, we’re building strong momentum. Our advantaged solutions are enabling the very rapid shift toward in-vehicle displays that are interactive, that are integrated and shaped. We're collaborating with industry leaders across the auto ecosystem, including Visteon, LGE, BOE, and Via Optronics to accelerate the adoption of our patented 3D ColdForm technology, which enables lower cost, shaped, auto interiors. Our large-scale facility in Hefei, China is now fully operational and servicing our growing demand. And we continue to see strong adoption of our technology by auto OEMs. Our recent proof point is the new Mercedes-Benz Hyperscreen dashboard display, which features a Gorilla Glass cover nearly 5 feet wide. Similarly, in Environmental Technologies, in a year when a global pandemic temporarily shut down OEM production, our proprietary gasoline particulate filter business still grew sales year-over-year. When we introduced GPF, we said our technology increased our content opportunity per car by three to four times. Like most of our innovations, it started with the customer challenge. Europe and China are addressing fine particular pollution with new emissions regulations. We applied our expertise in ceramic science with our advanced manufacturing capabilities and extrusion to rapidly develop filters that efficiently trap ion particulates. And today, we're effectively helping automakers reduce these harmful emissions, meet new regulations, and produce some of the cleanest gasoline vehicles you can buy. Demand for our GPS has grown quickly. And with our market leading product, we continue to win the majority of platforms awarded to date. We're well on our way to building a $0.5 billion business. We're actually ahead of schedule, and the content opportunity continues to grow. We expect our GPS technology to migrate beyond Europe and China as other regions focus on improving air quality. And many new car models will soon be required to get even closer to near zero particulate emissions. In response, we recently introduced our next-generation GPS, featuring enhanced filtration capabilities. They're launching in upcoming models as automakers prepare for the next wave of regulations. Across our markets, we see a similar content story playing out as we respond to key industry challenges with more Corning solutions. Let me share some other accomplishments across our market access platforms. In Life Sciences, pandemic related demand has highlighted our strength in the industry. And we achieved major milestones towards building a significant Valor Glass franchise in 2020. At the start of the year, we entered a long-term supply agreement to provide Valor Glass vials for a portion of the currently marketed Pfizer drug products. Soon after, we were awarded $204 million in funding from the U.S. government to substantially expand domestic manufacturing capacity for Valor vials. Today, we're supplying Valor Glass to several leading COVID vaccine manufacturers. We produce millions of Valor vials and shipped enough for more than 100 million doses, supporting multiple vaccine developers. In our Life Sciences segment, the global health fight is driving strong demand for our consumable products. We're supporting the development of treatments in vaccines, as well as mass testing efforts. We received $15 million from the U.S. government to expand domestic capacity for robotic pipette tips, which are used for COVID diagnostic testing. BioNTech recently recognized our contribution to their successful COVID vaccine development. Turning to Mobile Consumer Electronics. We launched the toughest Gorilla Glass yet, Victus. And it's already featured on six Samsung devices. Corning also invented the world's first transparent color-free glass ceramic, which is featured on the front cover of the latest iPhone. Apple and Corning partnered to develop and scale manufacturing of Ceramic Shield. It offers unparallel durability and toughness. I noted that Specialty Materials sales were up 20% year-over-year in quarter four. They were up 18% for the full year in a smartphone market that declined 7%. In Optical Communications, we returned to growth and we expect this growth to continue as customers increase spending to support growing bandwidth requirements. In 2020, we introduced new and innovative solutions that help speed the deployment of 5G. We launched our outdoor 5G-ready connectivity solutions, featuring compact easy-to-install terminals that can be deployed in any conceivable architecture. Operators can actually save up to $500 per terminal location, dramatically lowering installation cost and speeding up deployment. We're also collaborating with Verizon to enable 5G millimeter wave indoor deployments for their enterprise customers. We're also working with Qualcomm Technologies to deliver indoor networks that are 5G ready, easy-to-install and affordable. And we're collaborating with EnerSys to simplify the delivery of fiber and electrical power to small-cell wireless sites. Turning to Display. Retail demand for TV and IT products remain strong. Demand for large-sized TVs continues to grow. 75-inch sets were up more than 60% for the full year. Large TVs are most efficiently made on Gen 10.5 plants. Corning is well positioned to capture that growth with its Gen 10.5 plants in China, including the two newest Gen 10.5 facilities in Wuhan and Guangzhou, which are now expanding production to meet customer demand. Ramping these sites has been no small feat in the midst of a pandemic. We are very proud of our innovative and dedicated expert engineering teams that rose to a host of unprecedented challenges to start-up tanks in both facilities. Looking ahead, Corning's long-term growth drivers and content opportunities are strong in each of our markets. And we believe some secular trends could accelerate as consumer lifestyles continue to change in the aftermath of the health crisis. And that leads to my third observation. We're living through the kind of moment that tends to bring true carrier to light. At Corning, our values are evident in our actions. We've unleased our capabilities to help combat the virus. And we're proud to be creating life-changing technologies that contribute to keeping people safe and help society address the challenges of the pandemic. We also recognize, in these unprecedented times, that we have the opportunity to share resources and leadership on a range of important issues. We've launched racial and social quality programs, and our Unity Campaign support vital human services and emergency relief in our communities around the world. In conclusion, on all fronts, Corning is executing well. We're delivering outstanding results and making important progress across our strategic priorities. I am confident that we are entering the year with solid momentum and we expect to grow in 2021. Our More Corning strategy will continue to drive outperformance across the diverse industries that we serve. We're not just counting on consumers buying more cars, TVs or smartphones to grow. And I'm excited about how we're bringing our capabilities to bear in optical and life sciences, as operators expand their networks and we continue to support vital drug and vaccine development. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tony, so that he can provide additional insight on our results and expectations.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning, everyone. We feel good about our fourth quarter results. On a year-over-year basis, we grew sales and earnings. We expect to grow again in the first quarter, and we expect to grow for the full year, driven by improving markets and our More Corning strategy. We are building a bigger, stronger company that delivers sustainable results while remaining agile in our ability to respond to changing market factors. Now let me walk you through our fourth quarter performance. In the fourth quarter, we grew sales 11% sequentially and 17% year-over-year to $3.3 billion, exceeding expectations. Excluding the consolidation of Hemlock Semiconductor, sales grew 11% year-over-year, with every segment growing sales and net income. Specialty Materials and Environmental Technologies delivered particularly strong year-over-year sales growth, up 20% and 19%, respectively, both outperforming their underlying markets. Optical Communications returned to year-over-year growth, and we expect that growth to continue. Our operating margin was 19.4%. That is an improvement of 500 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We grew operating income 18% sequentially and 58% year-over-year. EPS of $0.52 was up 21% sequentially and 13% year-over-year. We generated $464 million of free cash flow in the quarter. Cumulative free cash flow for the full year was $948 million. We ended the year with a cash balance of $2.7 billion. We entered 2021 in an excellent financial position. Now let's review the business segments. In Display Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $841 million, up 2% sequentially and 6% year-over-year. And net income was $217 million, up 11% sequentially and 21% year-over-year. Retail demand for TV and IT products remain strong remained strong during the promotional season in Q4. Display’s full year sales were $3.2 billion, and net income was $717 million. Our full year price declines in 2020 were mid-single digits. The glass market and our glass volume were up mid-single digits for the year. The retail market was more robust than the industry expected, resulting in panel supply being tight for the second half of 2020. Panel makers ran at high utilizations and the industry drew down inventory to satisfy demand. These dynamics also resulted in glass supply being tight, and more recently in shortage due to a power outage at a competitor's glass plant. Now let's look at 2021. We expect the TV and IT retail markets to remain strong. We remain confident that large size TVs will continue to grow, and we are well-positioned to capture that growth with Gen 10.5, which is the most efficient gen size for large TV manufacturing. We expect the glass market to grow a mid single-digit percentage in 2021. We expect glass supply to remain tight in the upcoming quarters. As a result of these supply/demand dynamics, we are experiencing a very favorable pricing environment. We expect Q1, 2021 glass prices to be flat with Q4, 2020. This is significantly better than the sequential declines we've seen in any other first quarter over the last decade. Glass prices for some customers in some gen sizes may actually see a sequential increase. We believe the following three factors will continue to drive the favorable pricing environment for the upcoming quarters. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be tight; second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels; and third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Glass prices must support acceptable returns on these investments. In Optical Communications, fourth quarter sales were $976 million, up 8% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Our year-over-year growth can be attributed to broad improvements in demand for both carrier and enterprise customers. Fourth quarter core net income of $141 million was up 127% year-over-year, and 23% sequentially. The improvement was driven by the incremental volume, and favorable cost performance. We have returned to growth in Optical Communications, and we expect that growth to continue. Bandwidth demand is increasing and users are demanding higher performance connections. We're seeing positive statements from customers on increasing investments in their optical networks. Our sales and order rates are picking up, and we're ready to capture demand as it materializes. We are confident we will grow sales in Optical Communications for the year. We continue to monitor and evaluate market demand signals to determine the magnitude of growth, and we'll keep – we'll continue to keep you updated as we go through the year. In Environmental Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $445 million, up 19% year-over-year and 17%, sequentially, ahead of expectations as markets continue to improve and GPF adoptions continued in China. Net income was $93 million, up 45% year-over-year and 35% sequentially, driven by strong operational performance globally and successful ramping of additional GPF capacity in China. For the full year, sales were $1.4 billion, and our performance was better than the underlying market. Net income was $197 million. While our full year 2020 sales were certainly impacted by COVID-19, we are recovering faster than the market by increasing our content for both the automotive and diesel end markets. Despite severely challenged markets we saw year over growth in GPF sales. Strong GPF adoption continues in Europe and in China, where the China 6a regulation is being implemented nationwide this month. We are ahead of our original timeframe to build a $500 million GPF business. Specialty Materials had an outstanding fourth quarter and full year. Q4 sales of $545 million were up 20% year-over-year, full year sales were $1.9 billion, up 18% year-over-year, despite a 7% decline in the smartphone market, driven by strong demand for our premium cover materials and our other innovations. Net income was $423 million, up 40% from 2019 on higher sales volume and strong cost performance. The importance of computing and connectivity were amplified during the pandemic. Our new product innovations, including Ceramic Shield and Gorilla Glass Victus, as well as our EUV products in the semiconductor market were important contributors to our strong performance. Now before I get to our Life Sciences results, I'd like to note something of great importance to us. Throughout the pandemic, our Life Sciences market access platform has applied its broad capabilities and full product portfolio to help the world combat the pandemic. From our traditionally research-focused consumables to our bioproduction products to our transport media and, of course, our Valor Glass, we're playing a vital role in the development and supply of test kits and vaccines. Now let's look at our segment results. Life Sciences fourth quarter sales were $274 million, up 7% year-over-year and 23% sequentially, driven by strong demand for COVID related products, including bioproduction products used in clinical trials. Net income was $42 million, up 11% year-over-year and 50% sequentially. In summary, we successfully navigated a very challenging year. We strengthened our balance sheet, established growth in the second half and generated free cash flow of $948 million for the year. As we look ahead, we have strong momentum coming into 2021 and expect year-over-year growth to accelerate in the first quarter. Specifically, we expect core sales of $3.0 billion to $3.2 billion compared to $2.5 billion in the first quarter last year and EPS of $0.40 to $0.44, which is double last year's first quarter EPS at the low end of the range. For the full year, we expect growth in sales and earnings, and we anticipate generating more free cash flow in 2021 than in 2020. And we will share more with you as the year progresses. Let's turn to our commitment to financial stewardship and prudent capital allocation. Our fundamental approach remains the same. We will continue to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength. We generate very strong operating cash flow, and we expect that to continue going forward. We will continue to use our cash to grow, extend our leadership and reward shareholders. Our first priority for our use of cash is to invest in our growth and extend our leadership. We do this through RD&E investments, capital spending and strategic M&A. Our next priority is to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. In 2021, we expect CapEx similar to 2020, as we have capacity in place to meet higher sales. Now we'll invest more if we require capacity to support additional growth, any additional capital investment would be supported by a customer commitment. We'll keep you updated as we go throughout the year. Given our expected strong free cash flow generation in 2021, we expect to increase our distributions to shareholders. That includes reinstating opportunistic share repurchases sometime this year. In closing, we're very pleased with our strong close to 2020, highlighted by growing sales and profitability. We continue to focus on a rich set of opportunities. Our businesses are fundamental to the long-term growth drivers in the industries they serve, and our More Corning strategy continues to deliver sales outperformance relative to our end markets. And I look forward to sharing our progress as the year goes on. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Thank you. A two-parter, if I could, on display. First, you talked about the pretty strong pricing environment into Q1. Could you talk a little bit -- it's, obviously, a little bit different supply dynamic, and that's normally a tough quarter for pricing. So how do you think about that as it, kind of, impacts the rest of the year, the cadence of normal pricing throughout the year? And then second, can you talk a little bit about the move of some of the big providers from Korea to China, it’s been on hold a little bit. So curious what your thoughts are, what that would mean to either the supply side of the equation or the pricing side? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, I think it's important to think about what's happened over the last year from a display standpoint. The market overall was more robust than what we had expected. And what the industry expected which meant that panel makers ran tight in the second half of 2020. Not only did those higher utilizations, but the industry also brought down inventory to meet that demand, and that meant that glass was tight throughout the year. And as you -- we remain confident that things will remain tight on -- over the next several quarters, because of where we think demand is and as that demand continues to be met, there's also a need to replenish what's happened from a supply chain standpoint and some of the tightness that's happened from a supply chain standpoint. So that's, obviously led to very favorable pricing in the first quarter. And as we look out over the next several quarters, we think that, that environment continues, that tight environment continues.
Wendell Weeks: Yeah. Just building on Tony’s, because I think you're, obviously, a close watcher of the industry. We were tight. Glass was tight, and glass is going to stay tight for -- as far as we can see right now. Then with a competitor having a power outage and the planned shutdown of the Korean operations, that took everything being delayed because the market was so strong, that tipped everything in the shortage. So, we went from being very tight to go into shortage. And that's what led to the very, very strong quarter one pricing environment. But we're going to stay tight even as we address those. I think the Koreans will still, ultimately, continue their shift to those big Gen 10.5 plants just because it's more economical. But right now, they continue to press us to be able to help them supply their Korean operations, and they're not providing a firm end date for when they'll transfer those over primarily because they continue to see this end market as being very strong. Does that make sense? Does that answer your question?
Tim Long: Yeah. Yeah, great. I'm just curious if in any way it changes the longer term view of most of the production moving to China, if the delay here in the Koreans moving -- does that change the overall outlook of the impact of your China position?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I think because these Gen 10.5 plants produced panels, I don't know, roughly at about a 30% cost advantage, especially when they're integrated with our glass operations. The fastest, a pretty powerful microeconomic force so that you're just seeing the behavior set that when demand is well is more than those ultimate low-cost production assets, then less productive capacity stays full. And so as that continues to grow, I still think the right bet is continuing movement towards those big Gen 10.5 plants.
Tim Long: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Your line is now open.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. I wanted to dig a bit further into the opportunity for Valor over the next 18 to 24 months. And I'm just curious how maybe conversations have changed with partners given the strong uptake, I know it's from a small, small base, but of Valor Glass vials related to COVID, and just how maybe have your thoughts changed around the timing of investment and the ability to grow this business? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So the way we view Valor, Shannon, is this is an opportunity to help make all of us safer. And so, we're going with Virtu first, rather than any one of our previous plans. And so now, we are full on accelerating as fast as we can. We're also looking at other ways that our Valor technology can help fill and finish operations because as the world shifts to try to address this really need for billions of doses. We want to make sure that other life-saving medicines can be produced. And so that bottleneck is going to increasingly shift towards fill and finish. And we are uniquely qualified to do that. Many of the vaccines have very complicated thermal cycles that our technology is once again uniquely positioned to do. So sort of simple answer to your question is it's all hands on deck, trying to increase our production, a Valor to increase the applicability of our technology across this platform. I personally have now switched to leading a key engineering program to help address this upcoming bottleneck. That's a long answer. Really, I could have simply just said, how has it changed our view, we need to make a lot more vials, is the short answer to your question, Shannon.
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. So Optical grew in the quarter on a year-on-year basis and you're expressing confidence on the fact that the growth is going to continue. Can you maybe help us think about sort of the rate and pace of recovery in Optical, and how the conversations with your customers have changed through the course of the quarter that's now giving you this confidence on growth? And you seem to be really firing across all cylinders here. I'm curious if you can maybe share some high-level viewpoint on 2021 versus 2020, which segment would you say is going to be the largest contributor of growth and profitability? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Well, let me first start with from an Optical standpoint. I think the last several calls, we really have focused in on our fundamental belief that as bandwidth demand is increasing and users demand higher performance, connections that this was going to be positive from a business standpoint. And we've even talked about, I think, in the last quarter about how our customers were beginning to talk more about that in their conference calls, and there are plenty of examples of that. I think what's really happened over the last three or four months is that our sales and order rates have started to pick up. And it's really that pickup in the sales and order rates, which is what drove our growth on a year-over-year basis and why we're confident that, that growth is going to happen. So I think the question before was, when was it going to happen? And I think the answer is that it's happening now. And so, I think, that's how we think about it there. And then I think from an overall economic standpoint, clearly, as we enter into the year, we had a very strong fourth quarter, and we expect to have a strong first quarter. But there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world and we're not in the greatest position to sort through how that uncertainty is actually going to play out. We think there's two places where we can provide unique insights. When was optical that we just talked about. And the other was to better understand what's happening from a display standpoint, and that's the areas that we focused on during the call.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Great. Thanks. If I could quickly follow-up. On the pricing front, I mean, as you noted, this is very unusual for a first quarter. Typically, you reset price contracts in Q1 on LCD glass. Wendell, obviously, articulated all the reasons why we're seeing this better pricing. And you're also saying that this is -- the market is going to stay relatively tight. But as you ramp your Gen 10.5 capacity, should we expect the pricing cadence to change through the course of the year? Normally, you have a big step down in Q1 and then you have very moderate in through the rest of the year, this year, you're not really seeing a step down. In fact, with some customers, you're seeing a step up. So should we expect that pace of pricing to remain as it has in past years, just very, very moderate, or should we take that as more capacity ramps with Gen 10.5, gee, you're actually going to see more maybe accelerated pricing pressure as you go through the course of the year?
Wendell Weeks: I think you should think of it, Wamsi, as we'd expect that moderation. The environment for moderation continues. I totally get your question though, because the pattern of pricing sort of is a little different than normal. We had the best pricing in quarter one that we've had in a decade in terms of relative move, relative decrease. And so the pattern of question is, like, totally legit, but we do expect it to remain tight how the exact pattern plays out. And let's take it a quarter at a time. And right now, we see quarter one, the way we see it. And we -- our current look in the quarter two is, as Tony said, looks pretty favorable to us in continued moderation.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks guys. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citi. Your line is open.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of quick questions. One on Specialty, clearly, a very strong performance here in the face of smartphone undergrowing and declining actually. But with a strong recovery ahead, if you can like dial down a little bit deeper into your expectations for specialty, that would be great. And then for Tony, as well, on OpEx, you guys are talking about at recent conferences about, kind of, bit very well-managed on the OpEx. Can you just talk to us about what are some of the changes that you've done internally that despite the growth that you're seeing and the secular demand trend that you're thinking about into 2021? OpEx should be well-maintained here -- or well-contained here, I should say. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Great. Let's start with OpEx, and then I'll touch briefly on specialty. And I would like to make a little more macro comment on how we see the year. Yeah. I think from an OpEx standpoint, I see -- clearly, when we got into the early parts of 2020 and things were changing, we did a number of things to adjust our operating cost. Some of them were set up so that we would be able to as the economy has recovered, be able to respond to that. Some of them were compensation related, for example, furloughs and things like that. And certainly, to the degree that business has returned, of course, those costs will also return. But from an overall standpoint, we've remained very focused from an OpEx standpoint to make sure that we're getting leverage as we grow and that we don't grow our OpEx over a longer period of time as fast as we grow our sales. And that's really our underlying philosophy from an OpEx standpoint. I think what structurally makes it possible for us to do is when you us lay out our three, four, five framework, what that allows us to do as we build on our market access platforms, is that ability to reuse and share those platforms, both in our -- we've seen that both on our technology side, as well now in our customer facing organizations. And so that should allow us to more efficiently address the growth that we see. And over time, we do expect that at operating margin leverage to be a more powerful generated for us than just at the manufacturing gross margin levels. So you're going to see us really addressing that more because that's where we're seeing the synergy really start to drive across our portfolio. Let's touch briefly on specialty for you. We would expect that our outperformance versus the smartphone market to continue. And sort of the -- I'm not calling what happens with the smartphone market. So that, kind of, takes me to a broader point. And I'd be really interested in -- feedback from investors, both sell-side and buy, which is -- we saw the strong momentum. We knew it was coming, but we saw the strong momentum and really strong order book in Q4. And that continues into this quarter. So that clarity enabled us to provide the sales in EPS guidance that we just did for quarter one. Now we listen to our investors and made it simple and clear by providing sales and EPS for the entire company rather than the more complicated and detailed market-by-market guidance that we previously provided. Now as we turn to the total year, simply put, we expect our momentum and our outperformance versus our markets to continue. So then the question really becomes what happens in the macro environment. Now you all have your own experts and opinions on what's going to happen in the macro. At Corning, we approach our ability to predict macroeconomic and geopolitical events and tensions with great humility. Hence, we don't think it's helpful for us at this time to predict these forces, and therefore, what exactly our revenue for the year will be. But what we are confident of is we’re going to outperform these markets. So as you pick your geopolitical or macroeconomic scenario, for our various markets, what you can count on is we're going to do better than that. So that may be more than you wanted to know, Asiya, but that's how we think about it.
Asiya Merchant: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is now open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up on the Specialty Material. Wendell, when do you think we're actually going to see enough of a penetration into other industries, so for – specifically for Gorilla that you would have more of a debundling from a smartphone market? And I have a follow-up.
Wendell Weeks: Could you say more. I want to make sure I understand your question.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. Sure.
Wendell Weeks: You always have very interesting ones, so let me make sure I understand.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. We have been anticipating diversification of Gorilla Glass into other markets like auto. And then you highlighted Mercedes Benz. And I just want to see what instigated you to actually illustrate that case. And in that context, how should we think about diversification of Gorilla and Specialty Material end market?
Wendell Weeks: I totally understand. As always, a really good question. So we highlighted that for two reasons. First, our momentum in auto glass systems is increasing. And it's not yet at the point where we would say, okay, in your models, you better start providing for display because it's going to change your macro numbers. But we can totally feel it. And you will feel it more going forward. We're also seeing Gorilla find its way into more and more of our maps. What we're going to do is really talk about that in the form of those market access platforms as the various forms that that technology takes, serves multiple of our customers. Believe it or not, it's even finding its way into opto. So we'll – let us take that note. And as that becomes more important, we'll make sure we share a little bit more on it, Mehdi.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. Thank you. And maybe I just as a follow-up to that question. Thank you for providing detailed opportunities in other industry. You highlighted $100 of content per car. I want to better understand whether some of the key assumptions, how are you thinking about the evolution of electric vehicle and as that segment grow, is your $100 content accounts for that change in auto industry? And does that also account for like, Gorilla penetrating other industry? And again, how should we how should we think about variability in that $100 content?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. So, I think, the short answer to your question is, yes. So, all of the above. So I think what we should do, what I recommend we do is, why don't we -- why don't you follow-up with Ann and let us share just the way we think about the map. And it'll probably be an excellent report for you to do. We'll be helpful and lay that all out, because you had got a great question. And we have the build, and we'd be happy to share it.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. So can I ask one...
Wendell Weeks: I think Tony has something to add. He's looking at me like he has something to add.
Tony Tripeny: No, I mean, Mehdi, I think that would be great. Why don't we -- I think we talk to you later today, and we can talk about next steps on this. And the only thing I wanted to point out as the CFO, is that any glass that's sold to the automotive industry right now shows up in our automotive or into our other segment, not in our Specialty Materials segment, but that was just more of a reporting for...
Mehdi Hosseini: Well, thank you very much.
Tony Tripeny: You’re welcome.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Joe Cardoso: Hi, guys. This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik. Just one follow-up question for me on the optical side. Obviously, the return of your growth and guide for full year growth is great to hear, but I just wanted to take a moment and focus on the profitability initiatives that has been done in that business specifically. Can you walk us through what you've been doing on the optical side, particularly as it relates to temporary versus permanent measures, as well as if there's any weighting towards carrier versus the enterprise portions of those businesses? And as we see revenues come back in that business, is there any way you can gauge expectations relative to the profitability now versus, let's say, a year ago, assuming apples-to-apples revenue profile?
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, we're seeing both growth in the carrier and in the enterprise business. Of course, the enterprise piece is a lot of what being grown from cloud computing, hyperscale data centers. Some of the traditional enterprise pieces are more impacted by the economy. You're not seeing that as much. But we're really seeing growth in both parts of those businesses. And from an operational standpoint, I mean, I think what's important to note is, is that even though our revenues were down. We didn't change our ability to supply that, because we always knew it was going to come back. And there's costs that you carry during those kind of periods. And when you fill those factories back up, you see expansions from a margin standpoint. And we saw that in the third and fourth quarter of this year, and we'd expect to see that going forward.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And also, Joe, you have another dynamic. I think Tony nailed it, which is, as you expect revenues -- as revenues expand, we would expect our margins to expand. There's another factor in that can always impact your quarter-to-quarter type of variability, which is what precisely are the operators or enterprise players buying. When they buy our more complicated, highly engineered solutions, when they buy those, our profitability is higher, right? Than if you're just buying fiber and cable. It depends what's specific size of cable. And so mix starts to play a real role in opto when you think about it from quarter-to-quarter. But if you step back, I think Tony has nailed the fundamentals here, which is as we fill. We would expect the incrementals to be good.
Joe Cardoso: Thanks guys. I appreciate the insights into that and on a result.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thanks. Nice quarter and glad to be active on the stock again.
Wendell Weeks: John, you're welcome.
Tony Tripeny: It's so good to hear your voice John. Long time no see.
John Roberts: Yeah. You've had another quarter to think about the strategy in semiconductors. You've got the lens business and Specialty Materials, and it's benefiting from EUV and you put Hemlock in other, and it doesn't really benefit from any, I think, special trends going on in the semiconductor market. So and it just looks like an opportunistic good deal at this point. Is there more to within that?
Wendell Weeks: So first, I'm just having flashbacks to almost a decade ago when you were telling me what we needed to do is make sure we ended up with Hemlock because it fit so much better with us and the silicone side fit so much better with Dow. And so we finally got it done, John. It just took us a while. So yeah, we feel good about it. For sure, the economics on that deal are incredibly good and we really like that. But actually, your insight from all those years ago, I think is right and we're going to run some experiments here to try to see, can we make more of a difference to Hemlock? Can we, with our capabilities, make it accelerate or vice versa? We really are interested and can we address some of the significant issues there are with lack of domestic production of solar here in the U.S? So there's a number of, I think -- there's a number of significant opportunities. It's too early to say, will they work out or not. And sometimes, and I'd love to have a conversation with you about any ideas that you have on it as well, given how long you've advocated for this.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah. We will definitely do that, John, and we will get back with you on some of those ideas. And all I would say is that in the short-term, all the financial attractiveness of this deal is absolutely paying out as we expected it to. As you know, we didn't put any money into this transaction and Hemlock generates a lot of cash. And so what debt they had, they've mostly started -- we'll pay back within a year, in fact, pay back a lot of it in the fourth quarter. They generate approximately $150 million of annual cash flow. So we're very excited from a financial standpoint and also from a strategic standpoint.
John Roberts: And maybe just an easier financial question. So you guided for 2021 CapEx, roughly flat with 2020. Do you still expect it to be relatively modest through 2023, which -- that was your target, I think, at the Investor Day?
Tony Tripeny: Yeah. I think what happens through 2023, of course, depends a lot on how much growth that we get and how much growth capital that we have to put in bill capital that we have to put in over the next several years. And the good news is any bill capital. I mean, first of all, it comes with growth. And secondly, it comes with a pretty significant customer commitments.
John Roberts: Great Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Go ahead, Joel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. I just had two quick questions. First, on the 25 points of outperformance for Specialty Materials versus mobile device sales last year, can you sort of put that in perspective, where maybe there's some unusualness to the outperformance, what maybe a normal rate of change would be versus markets, et cetera?  And then just as a follow-up, when you talk about the bullishness with Optical, how much are you factoring in the recent auctions on the rural side and the 5G side into that bullishness, or is this before thinking about those things? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: I think on the specialty side, you can always expect us to outperform because of the more Corning strategy, putting more content, higher value content in. What the rate of that is, I think you're quite wise to say, well, that could depend on which particular products are working really well for our end customers and how much of that has our newest technology or is different types of our technology. And that gets a lot harder to predict, because you not only have to call the total market, but then which OEMs sort of win in that market, as well as which of our technologies play. But I think, overall, you could think about it as we will outperform, it's just a little too early in the year to give you some insight as to like how much to outperform, Steven. I'm sorry on that. And then on Opto, you're right to identify it, it is definitely a positive, but it is just one of the sort of number of positive impacts and announcements that you're seeing from our key customers. It's never been – as Tony said, it's never been that we did it – we believe strongly that our customers would have to build and invest to meet the very strong demand. What we wanted to do, though, is before we predicted when it would come. We wanted to see it in our sales. We wanted to see it in our order book. We wanted to see the projects actually state. And so that's what we're seeing. And that's why we're saying it.
Steven Fox: That's helpful. Congrats on the quarter.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks.
Ann Nicholson: Joel, we'll take one last question.
Operator: Thank you. And that question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Rod Hall: Yes. Thanks for sneaking me in. I appreciate it. I've just got one question, and that is – mainly, I guess, aimed at Tony. Tony, we're looking at the cash flow conversion of EBITDA in the fourth quarter, and it's lower than we anticipated. We see the working capital release a little lower than last year. So that's one of the drivers that normally, we see pretty good conversion in Q4. I assume maybe there's COVID related impacts, et cetera. But I wonder if you could dig into the color on that a little bit more for us and help us understand the dynamics of the cash flow conversion, whether it's one-off in nature and kind of some of those things go away as we move into the year here.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. Actually, we were quite pleased with our cash flow conversion in the back half of the year. Compared to NPAT, which is the way a lot of people talk about the cash flow conversion, I mean our cash flow and our NPAT was the same number in the fourth quarter, and it was -- and our cash flow was a little bit better than our NPAT in the third quarter. So, I mean, we were real happy with the cash flow conversion. And in terms of some of the specifics there, Rod, when we talk to you later today, I'd be happy to walk through it with you. But, overall, we were very excited about our cash flow conversion. And frankly, that's a question that a lot of our investors have asked us over the last couple of years, and it's something that we've been focused on. And this is what happens when we're not in a build cycle. We generate a lot of operating cash flow. We generate a lot of free cash flow, and we saw that in the back half of this year. We expect to see more of that in 2021.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay. Thanks, Tony.
Ann Nicholson: Yes. Thanks, Rod. And thank you all for joining us this morning. Before we close, I just wanted to let you know that we will attend the Goldman Sachs 2021 Virtual Tech & Internet Conference on February 11, the UBS West Coast conference on February 23 and the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on March 1. And a replay of today's call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Operator, that concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.
Operator: This concludes our call for today. Thank you for attending.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Three 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to introduce you to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Catherine and good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I would like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. Reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann and good morning everyone. Today, we reported third quarter results demonstrating that the company is strong, financially healthy and well-positioned for growth. Sales were $3 billion, up 16% sequentially, EPS grew 72% sequentially to $0.43 as higher sales and strong manufacturing execution resulted in operating margin expanding to 18.3%, up 710 basis points sequentially and 20 basis points year-over-year. We generated $518 million of free cash flow and finished the quarter with $2.5 billion in cash. Our financial performance has improved significantly since April and we expect a strong fourth quarter. Nevertheless, we remain vigilant and continue to adapt appropriately to multiple disruptive forces playing out around the world from the pandemic to civil unrest to recession and geopolitical struggles. We have been rising to the challenges since Day 1 and our priorities remain clear. First, we must make our values evident in our actions. Our commitment to the health, safety and well-being of our employees underlined every facet of our operations. We are dedicating resources and providing leadership to support our communities around the world. We have launched Unity campaigns as well as racial and social equality programs targeting the multitude of hardships people are confronting right now. And when it comes to the global health fight, we are all in mobilizing our capabilities to combat the virus directly. We must also safeguard our financial health. Our third quarter results show that our decisive actions are providing clear benefits as we leverage cost savings and increase efficiencies across the company. Regardless of the depth or duration of global uncertainty, we are doing everything in our power to keep the company strong and is working. Now to ensure that we emerge even stronger, we are continuing to invest to create additional revenue streams. We are inventing new-to-the-world materials and manufacturing processes as well as co-innovating new solutions in partnership with our customers. The relevance of our portfolio puts Corning at the heart of ongoing innovation with industry leaders and we continue to solve our customers’ toughest technology challenges. You may have seen Apple’s recent promotion of Ceramic Shield for the iPhone 12. They are featuring our new-to-the-world material, which is the world’s first highly transparent, color-free glass ceramic with performance that meets the rigorous demands put on smartphone cover materials. This latest innovation with Apple exemplifies our ongoing strategy of consistent long-term value creation by combining our deep expertise in glass science, ceramic science and optical physics with our unparalleled manufacturing and engineering capabilities. Ceramic Shield melts the attributes that we love about glass, great optics and retain strength with the attributes we love about ceramics, most notably, its toughness. Ceramic Shield consists of ceramic crystals within a glass matrix. There are two big inventions here. The first was keeping the best damage-resistant attributes of both glass and ceramics. The second was ensuring high-optical transparency by growing index matched nanocrystals inside the glass matrix that are one-tenth the wavelength of light. As you recall, Apple made two investments in Corning, totaling $450 million as part of their advanced manufacturing fund and their commitment to foster innovation among American manufacturers. We take Apple for our longstanding product development partnership and their investments in new manufacturing technology, centered in our Harrodsburg, Kentucky facility. We could not be prouder to be a key component in the iPhone 12. Now, it’s important to note, the iPhone 12 and many other flagship phones that we are also proud to be part of support 5G. 5G matters to us. The density of fiber necessary to deliver its promise is yet another example. You have seen us illustrate that up to 100x more fiber is required to deploy 5G in the city than 4G. This week, we are announcing a product design to help operators dramatically boost the speed and reduce the cost of their outdoor deployments. And we are embarking on new work to support Verizon’s to extend 5G indoors. The relevance of our portfolio and our deep customer relationships as illustrated by these advancements keep us at the center of the inexorable shift to optical. Stepping back, in all the industries we serve, important market trends offer new challenges that Corning is uniquely qualified to address and new opportunities to integrate more Corning content into products. This is an especially powerful value creation letter in times of economic uncertainty, because we aren’t exclusively relying on people buying more stuff, we are putting more Corning into the products that people are already buying. We are clearly seeing the benefits of this ladder in today’s results as innovation adoption drove specialty material sales up 23% year-over-year, despite a declining smartphone market. This type of outperformance is not unique. From 2016 to 2019, we added $500 million in sales or 42% cumulatively, while smartphone sales actually went down and we are extending that growth streak this year. In Environmental Technologies, we grew sales 16% in 2019 much faster than the underlying unit demand as automakers added gas particulate filters to cars and we again saw outperformance this quarter with sequential sales, up 68%. These are additional examples of the more Corning strategy at work and why that content story is so powerful for us. I want to stress one additional point. You often hear us say that our core technologies enabled life changing capabilities. In these times, we are increasing focus on life-saving innovations. Safe widespread vaccine delivery is one of society’s top priorities and glass packaging is critical. Our value innovation will help enable faster filling line speeds and increased patient safety. Right now, we are expanding capacity and supplying glass files for vaccines as part of Operation Warp Speed all while leveraging our leadership in life sciences to help support COVID diagnostic testing and virus research efforts. Additionally, reduce fine particulate pollution the objective of our filtration products appears to be helpful for reducing infection rates. And we are excited about recent university lab test showing that our Guardiant antimicrobial glass particles kill bacteria and viruses, including SARS-CoV-2. We are also well-positioned to contribute as consumers continue to adapt to a world with social distancing. For example, fiber increases the capacity and performance of networks and glass provides the primary window to information and entertainment. We are confident that we can bring further innovations to bear in many vital areas as the world addresses and recovers from its current challenges. Overall, we have very strong quarter on almost every dimension. From an innovation perspective, I just reviewed our significant advancements. Financially, we grew sales at double-digit rates sequentially and expanded margins to grow profitability even faster. Operationally, we performed well and I would like to share a few examples. In the midst of the pandemic, we deployed expert engineering teams to startup our Gen 10.5 melting operations in both Wuhan and Guangzhou. These facilities are positioning us well to capture the fast growing demand for large TVs. In mobile consumer electronics, we successfully scaled up a new-to-the-world manufacturing process and product to meet Apple’s iPhone launch. In automotive, we have flexed our operations to adjust to the fast pace ramp-up at OEMs after they significantly reduced production in quarter two. In optical communications, we successfully adjusted our cost to the current market environment, resulting in significant profitability expansion despite flattish sales on a quarter-over-quarter basis. We also remain vigilant in our actions to safeguard the company’s financial strength. We are proud of our execution, especially given the current global uncertainties. Clearly, our employees around the world are dedicated to living our values and giving their best everyday. Now, I will turn the call over to Tony, so he can give you some more insights on the quarter.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell and good morning. We had a very strong third quarter. As Wendell highlighted, we executed effectively and we have bolstered our healthy balance sheet despite the ongoing macroeconomic challenges. Sales growth and cost actions led to strong sequential margin expansion further demonstrating that our operational adjustments are working. We have made significant adjustments to align our cost and operating plan with the lower anticipated sales. In total, Corning continues to demonstrate that it has the resources to deliver on our commitments and extend our leadership as we continue to focus on operational excellence, cash flow generation and prudent capital allocation. Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to call out the changes at Hemlock during Q3 and cover the differences between GAAP and core results. On September 9, Hemlock Semiconductor Group redeemed DuPont’s 40.25% ownership interest in the company, which transforms Corning’s long-time ownership in Hemlock into a majority position. In the second transaction, Hemlock purchased certain manufacturing assets from DuPont and gained control of a critical raw material, thereby becoming a leading low cost producer of ultra-pure polysilicon to the semiconductor industry. Hemlock’s leadership position is backed by attractive, long-term take-or-pay customer contracts with upfront payments. And we are very excited about these transactions that are good for Hemlock, good for Corning and good for our shareholders. We didn’t put any money into the transaction and Hemlock generates a lot of cash. So, it’s debt is mostly paid back in 1 year. Corning improves its financials by adding sales and earnings. In the third quarter, we recognized $31 million of sales from the newly consolidated Hemlock. And Hemlock will add approximately $150 million in annual cash flow. Please see our web disclosure for helpful consolidation details. Now on to GAAP, the largest differences between our third quarter GAAP and core results are a non-cash gain associated with the Hemlock transaction, ongoing restructuring charges, which are primarily non-cash and a mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. Now, with respect to the mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and reported a current value at the end of each quarter even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this reduced GAAP earnings in Q3 by $103 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provides highest certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We have received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago. Now, I walk through our third quarter performance. At the outset of the pandemic, we are committed to preserving our financial strength and positioning the company to emerge even stronger. In Q1 and Q2, we told you we were responding to economic uncertainty by making significant operational adjustments. We said we reduced cost and capital spend to align with lower anticipated sales. And while ramping down production and reducing inventory impacts margins, we said that when sales growth resumed, we expect improved profitability. Now, looking at the third quarter, we grew 16% – sales grew 16% sequentially to $3 billion and our operating margin expanded by 710 basis points sequentially to 18.3%. This resulted in net income of $380 million and EPS of $0.43, up 72% sequentially. We also said we would maintain a strong cash balance and generate positive free cash flow for the year. In the third quarter, free cash flow grew to $580 million. Cumulative free cash flow for the first three quarters was $484 million. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.5 billion and we expect to generate additional positive free cash flow in the fourth quarter. As we continue to reduce cost, control inventory and execute well overall. As a result, I am confident that we will succeed on our free cash flow goals. These actions – the actions we have taken are clearly working. We have delivered great operational improvements, which started to show results in Q2 and really accelerated in Q3. We expect the benefit of these actions to continue in Q4 contributing to another strong quarter. Now, let’s review the business segments. In Display Technology, fourth quarter sales were $827 million, up 10% sequentially and net income was $196 million, up 29% sequentially. Display Glass volume grew approximately 10% sequentially as panel makers increase utilization, resulting in strong incrementals. Sequential price declines were moderate as expected. From an end-market perspective, it appears that the impact from COVID-19 has been a positive. In developed markets, consumers are prioritizing in-home entertainment. Globally, work and steady from home trends are growing. This is increasing demand for TV and IT products. On the other hand, smartphone demand has been down. In total, the retail market as measured in square feet of glass is up mid single-digits year-to-date through August. Of course, the upcoming holiday retail season will be a big factor in how the market actually plays out for the full year. Longer term, we remain confident that TV screen size will continue to grow. TVs at 65 inches or larger grew 40% year-to-date through August and we are well-positioned to capture the majority of that growth with Gen 10.5, which is the most efficient gen size for large TV manufacturing. We continue to expect display pricing to decline by mid single-digit percentage in 2020. We believe that three factors drive a favorable glass pricing environment. First, we expect glass supply demand to be down to tight. For Corning, we are ramping our Gen 10.5 tanks to align with panel makers schedules. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Glass prices must support acceptable returns on those investments. In Optical Communications, third quarter sales grew 10% sequentially to $909 million as carrier spending and deployments remain stable and enterprise sales grew slightly. Net income grew by $34 million or 42% to $150 million driven by improving cost performance. Looking forward, demand on the network is at an all-time high and we are seeing positive statements on capacity expansion for network operators. Currently, COVID-related factors hamper the ability to invest broadly in networks and operators are focusing efforts on addressing capacity bottlenecks. We believe operators will begin additional investments to reestablish normal network headroom and expand offerings. Large carrier and enterprise capital projects are inevitable, but as I said before, it’s always hard to predict the time. Environmental Technologies sales in the third quarter were $379 million, up 68% sequentially as markets recover and OEMs continue to adopt GPS in Europe and China. We effectively adjusted our operations to pace with the market recovery and delivered net income of $69 million compared to breakeven in the second quarter. The business team did a great job over the last 6 months in reacting to the rapid shutdown and restart of auto production by controlling cost and maintaining flexibility. Automotive sales increased 1% year-over-year as continued strong adoption of GPS helped us exceed vehicle production, which declined 6% year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw continued strong market performance in China, up slightly year-over-year. North America and European OEMs more than doubled production sequentially but declined 5% on a year-over-year basis. Diesel sales improved 49% from the second quarter, but were still down 15% year-over-year. The North American heavy-duty truck market improved, but remains in a cyclical downturn with vehicle production down 46% year-over-year. Third quarter sales of heavy-duty vehicles in China, however, continue to exceed 2020 levels and adoption of advanced content increased in preparation for China VI regulations. No doubt, it has been a challenging year for our automotive market access platform. However, we are recovering faster than the market due to increasing content, primarily GPS and advanced heavy-duty products. Our content-driven strategy continues to drive strong results. Specialty material sales were $570 million in the third quarter, up 23% year-over-year and in sharp contrast to the smartphone market, which declined. Net income grew 59% year-over-year to $146 million. Sales growth was driven by Ceramic Shield, our new-to-the-world glass ceramic on the iPhone 12 as well as premium glass sales, IT and tablet glass sales in support of work from home trends and strength in our advanced optic products. In brief, strong adoption and commercialization of our innovations produced strong year-over-year results for the third quarter for specialty materials and we expect that to be true for full year 2020 as well. In life sciences, North America lab utilization is increasing and the pandemic is driving demand for laboratory diagnostic testing consumables. As a result, we are seeing increased demand for our products. In July, we carried out our long-term plan to ramp a new larger distribution center needed to support our growth and enhance our ability to address our customers’ increased needs around the world. Starting up this summer in the middle of a pandemic proved to be more difficult than we expected, which constrained third quarter sales. Sales declined 8% sequentially. Net income declined 10% in line with the lower volume. We have added resources where required, implemented recovery plans and are confident that operations will support the required output in Q4. As a result, we expect strong sequential life science growth in the fourth quarter. Now, I will turn to our balance sheet and our dedication to financial stewardship. As I mentioned at the outset of the pandemic, we committed to preserving our financial strength and positioning the company to emerge even stronger. I have discussed the operational improvements we have implemented and our strong free cash flow generation. It is also important to note that we continue to maintain a conservative balance sheet with a strong cash position at the end of the quarter at $2.5 billion and we have a debt structure that is conservative by design and relatively unique. Today, our average debt maturity is about 25 years, the longest in the S&P 500. Over the next 15 months, we have only $70 million coming due. Less than half of our total debt is due within the next 20 years. And during this time, there is no single year with debt repayments over $500 million. Our balance sheet is built for times like these. As I have previously mentioned, we expected generally positive free cash flow in the fourth quarter. And for the year we also expect to maintain a strong cash position and to maintain our dividend. We have the financial resources needed for the duration of the economic slowdown. In closing we demonstrated outstanding operational performance. In the quarter with significant sequential improvement in sales, net income, EPS and free cash flow, we are successfully carrying out the operational and financial goals we set up to stay strong during the prices we expect another solid quarter at the end of the year. We remain aware of potential impacts from the pandemic, the global recession, civil unrest and geopolitical tensions. Regardless of how long or what shape the recovery takes, Corning is effectively safe guarding its financial strength, our growth drivers are intact. And we continue advancing important growth initiatives with leaders in industries we serve. We are confident that our execution and market leadership positions us to emerge from the current global uncertainty even stronger. With that, let’s move in to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wendell. Okay Catherine, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Your line is open. 
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you everyone. Good morning. And thank you for the opportunity to ask this question. Wendell, Tony given, the consumer spending has been very strong year to date, obviously, we have seen that in some of the results of our company. How do you guys kind of look into the next couple of quarters? Do you feel like visibility is good based on discussions with customers that consumers spending could continue at these levels? as it relates to smartphones, TVs, notebooks, etcetera, that use up all your products? And then simultaneously on the optical side, clearly starting to see some positive trends here I know it’s lumpy. But just as you look at the next couple of quarters, do you feel like you have good visibility at this point into how these quarters unfold and demand strength continues in the next couple of quarters? Thank you. 
Wendell Weeks: Asiya, I think that is an excellent question. And I don’t disagree with any of your observations on some of the macro data on both consumer and statements from network operators. That being said, we expect a really solid quarter further we just we are off to really good start this month. But that is really the extent of the guidance that we want to give at this time. And like last quarter, our business segments, as you just highlighted, continue to flash green. The global uncertainties just remind us to be very humble in our ability to precisely predict the future. And exactly how our customers are going to work their way through this uncertainty on the asset side, I totally get where you are coming from, because we have all heard from our customers or from the network operators that they are experiencing very strong demand on their network. I mean, there is some great examples. I mean, they publish this all the time, its great website by the way. The Internet and Television Association reports upstream growth. So, go from your home, up back into the network. It’s up 37%. Also just recently, we have seen the Microsoft Teams set a new single-day record of 4.1 billion minutes, unbelievable, right. And you also hear very strong statements from them that they want to build more capacity to be able to deal with this new baseline of demand that’s on them. Whether it’s AT&T and Verizon or cable TV, companies or the public cloud players, they are all quite public that they are planning increases in their capacity. That being said, predicting the exact quarter when these plans turn into deployment at scale, that’s just challenging. Just so once again, I just think we should be very humble in predicting that exact quarter and wait until we see that surge in shipments out of our factories to claim a rebound in the optical segment.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you. And if I may for Tony, as a follow-up, Tony, given you guys are kind of managing your CapEx and inventory levels with very prudently. Should we expect the CapEx trends that we have been seeing over the last few quarters to sort of continue here? Are we expecting any upsurge in CapEx at least over the next couple of quarters? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I think it’s – I’d say as we have talked about before, we have an ongoing amount of capital spending that we expand, that we spend on expanding our product lines and creating new innovations, but where we really spend a lot of money is when we get into the growth cycle and we are not currently in one of those build cycles and we don’t see ourselves in the build cycle over the next year or so. Of course, we want to eventually get to a build cycle, because when we get to a build cycle that means there is a lot of growth coming and we always get that with some commitments from customers and we actually saw the benefit of that in the third quarter with our work with Apple. But as we lookout over the next several quarters, we will be in the build cycle, so we won’t see a lot of change from a CapEx standpoint.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Just following up on the optical question is maybe this is wrong, but my perception is that there wasn’t a lot of content growth in the revenues based on what your customers are spending on right now. Wendell, can you just sort of talk about the outlook for content growth in optical as you eventually at whatever point it is see an optical spending surge? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Once again, really good observation, Steve. Most of our operators have been dealing with this year is how do they eliminate some of the bottlenecks in their network in these challenging times, but while they are being as you say quite public on that they are planning to expand their networks. So, I think the content play is coming. And I believe that it will be quite strong, quite strong, whether it’s in cloud, because there has been such a huge shift in the cloud during this time or whether it’s in our carriers, our networks are just trained and operators don’t want to be in a spot where they are running close to redline and they need to establish that base. It’s higher. So – and I feel really good that it’s inevitable, right, but that being said, I call them the quarter, buddy.
Steven Fox: No, I wasn’t asking you to, but just to be clear in the capacity expansion ramp is what would start sort of your content growth coming back? Is that correct or am I thinking about it wrong? Thank you. 
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think that is correct. That is when you really see it, you are asking actually a super subtle question, which is, we have a sort of more Corning play that is going on here as capacity comes in place more optical. And then we have particular set of innovations that reduce the cost of deployment pretty significantly in the efficacy of it. And those have a higher revenue content for us. So in that subtle question that you are asking, we will begin to see that without an acceleration in capacity growth, but you are not really going to feel we are not all going to feel great about it. Until that those technologies get deployed in new capacity expansions.
Steven Fox: Great. That is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. Thank you for taking my question. If I can just have a quick clarification first I read up your comment, Wendell about lights flashing green, I just want to make sure I am reading it right that we are applying all segments are here in a positive backdrop where they can improve sequentially from 3Q to 4Q, including life sciences, for which you saying 3Q is the graph. And then in terms of just drilling down a bit on the specialty out performance that you are seeing, how much of this is driven by content increase versus wider adoption of the cover glass, and if we can drill down a bit on the different areas on a smartphone, you are gaining 
Wendell Weeks: So could you as a favor to me could you repeat the second part of that question? I am not sure that I understand it. Exactly could you do that again for me?
Samik Chatterjee: Yes, the question was about Specialty or performance that you are seeing in your specialty materials and how much of the outperformance rate would be underlying smartphone market is content increase versus wider adoption of your cover glass and which are the areas of smartphone you are gaining content if you can just outline that 
Wendell Weeks: Okay, so we start with your second question first. So the bulk of that growth that you see is content increase. It’s basically a beating players about the latest innovations that is driving that revenue increase. So that is the primary driver Samik. to your first question, just to be precise, on what I mean by flashing green, I said the same thing, our last quarter. And what I am trying to get at here is not that we are going to have sequential growth or not that this one particular business is going to continue to do a certain thing we are trying to get at is sort of the dissonance that we feel between the demand that our customers are putting on us, and versus sort of the uncertainty we see in around the world. And so what I am trying to do is give you the insight that we see, which is, our businesses are doing well. We have got a good order book, and we are operating well. That being said, we still exist in the world that we exist in and we just got to be humble about giving exact guidance Samik.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes, no sounds fair given the current environment. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rod Hall: Yes, thanks for the question. I wanted to start off with ceramic shield. And just well first of all, congratulations on being named on Apple’s stage I think that was the first. So, congrats on that. I wanted to, Wendell, just to ask you whether that is an exclusive deal and if it is exclusive is there a duration on that. Are there other OEMs? You could sell it to eventually, just kind of how are you thinking about exclusivity versus not on some materials like that? And also, maybe, I doubt you will tell me but I would be interested in the pricing differential with Gorilla. And then I have a second question for Tony, I noticed the inventory days jumped up a little bit in Q3. Tony, could you give us some maybe color on what drove that increase? Is it related to the smartphones cycle or something else? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: I want to start with, yes, why don’t I start with the inventory one? It’s a pretty easy answer. During the quarter, we did the Hemlock transaction. We had to consolidate their balance sheet, which is increase the inventory for Corning in total, but of course, that just comes from that transaction itself. It’s great transaction. We are really excited about Hemlock. It generates a lot of cash. We really didn’t put any money and it pays back the debt within – most of it within a year, we have $150 million of ongoing free cash flow generation. So, we will make sure it’s clear and we can talk about it in our call later today that how much of the inventory came from that versus our own growth. If you look at the cash flow statement, we actually lowered our inventory about $187 million during the quarter. So, our inventory actually came down during the quarter, but it’s because of the Hemlock consolidation that you see it little bit different on the balance sheet.
Rod Hall: Okay. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: And Rod to your question, questions for me. First, your statement, thank you for the congratulations, we are really, really proud of that. Ceramic Shield is a lot of work. I have to tell you that it feels, but not quite right to use Apple’s name out loud. I still don’t think I’ve ever done that, like inside the company, we have a codename for Apple, but like we never even say Apple inside the company. So, if you could see me, I sound like turning a little pink and I am having an anxiety attack, if I read their name out loud. So if I stumble a little, be forgiving, so…
Rod Hall: Really soaking it with Apple’s name in the [indiscernible]
Wendell Weeks: Yes, exactly right. So, Ceramic Shield, that’s Apple’s. It’s that simple. That’s Apple’s. They helped us develop it. They invested in U.S. manufacturing for it. That’s theirs. And it should be theirs. And so that’s the way that is. Now, because we take a look at other players, we got a whole stream of innovations for them as well. I think what we would love to see ideal scenario would be that Apple has so raised – I can’t believe, I just said Apple again has so raised the bar on performance for everybody that all of the players will be coming to us to say, we need to have a way to compete with this incredible performance. And if that happens, that’s just going to all be good for us. We will not do Ceramic Shield for them, but we have got a lot of great ideas and we have got a lot of great products to help them raise their game to the new level. That was just set I’ve got to revert in Cupertino. So, the next one got to how much that you didn’t think I would answer was, what’s the price delta? I would say once again, Rod, you have effectively predicted the future. I am not going to answer that.
Rod Hall: Alright. Thanks a lot. One wasn’t it used on the back of the phone, is it too expensive?
Wendell Weeks: You have exhausted my ability to get myself to answer any question about that particular company, I just – I am reverting back to my mode and very sooner we are going to go back into using code words, so…
Rod Hall: Alright. Well, thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Just to stay on this specialty for a second, on the content inquiries that you referred to Wendell, can you talk about whether you meant dollar content or unit content or both? And if both like what the relative split is and just sort of a little bit technical side of this, is the process similar to Gorilla where there is post processing done by finishers or something different that changes the margin structure of this product? And I have a follow-up on display.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question. So it started with smartphones, I think the right way to think about it is its content in dollars, right? It’s just reducing the valuable materials. Now, quite often with some of them like, is a great example is more valuable material that we are introducing, but it also reduces finishing cost for our customers. And so as a result, their part cost can be really close to what they had for Gorilla Glasses. So that is sort of a shape of the way that you should think about it. As it’s brand new products that have a higher price point is the primary way to think about it from your modeling perspective. That smartphones, I think you also got this going on in laptops, and the IP piece is also bringing up more content. Once again, the right way to think about this as more value added in our products that rather than increasing a mass of glass or ceramics on the products right now. It is super interesting question that when you think about 5G, where you have seen smartphones evolve to which is this all glass structure pretty much driven by Yes, we make awesome product and like glass is the best thing we have heard other than that. Is that they need the RF transparency. And if you pop open a 5G phone, any of them you will see how much antenna content is in there to be able to handle 5G and the ability to do 4G and to be able to do different players depending on where you are in the world. This same thing, I believe, is going to come to the IT products if they are going to be 5G users we are going to have to see more mass of our product but volume of our product on those devices to make them be truly great 5G devices.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. That’s super helpful.
Wendell Weeks: Has that answered your question?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, it does Wendell. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you.
Wamsi Mohan: And a follow-up, can you talk about the incremental strengthen display? There is some concern in the market that there were some ramp issues in the China glass market that is causing one of your competitors to take some share? Can you comment on that? And maybe just talk about any changes on the pace of like Korea ramp down? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So I think from an overall standpoint, what is really driving the strength and display is what is happening in the end markets and that’s what always matters from a disclosure standpoint. As we talked about clearly TV demand in the COVID world has been pretty strong. So has IT demand in particularly notebooks and tablets and that’s fundamentally what we are seeing there and you see it in terms of couple of ways one is panel maker utilizations have been high and I think that has slowed down a bit of the exit of from Korea by some of the panel makers there. But in addition to that the value chain is pretty tight right now. So what is really driving this is customer demand from a retail standpoint as we mentioned as measured in glass it is up mid single digits on a year-over-year basis and that feels good. 
Ann Nicholson: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Zdebski with Barclays. Your line is open.
Peter Zdebski: Hi, this is Peter on for Tim Long. Congratulations on the quarter. One I wanted to ask about GPS. Prior to pandemic, I think we were looking at ahead of target about $350 million of sales in 2020. And given it looks like the auto rebound has been probably a little stronger than expected can you give us an idea of how close you might get to that number for 20? And then maybe your thoughts on timing towards that $500 million target?
Wendell Weeks: I think that fundamentally, what is driving the sales from the GPS standpoint, of course is the adoption in Europe and the adoption in China. And on a year-over-year basis, the European market is down, it went down with a lot in Q3, but we are still down on a year-over-year basis, but China is actually up. So, I mean, I think they feel good about where GPS sales are and we certainly feel good that we are outperforming the market because of the content-driven part of GPS.
Peter Zdebski: Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Couple of questions. On Valor Glass, understanding the FDA has had a more their fast track policy over the last year on vaccines, but just post any vaccines just progress you think Valor Glass is making within the FDA did not need a drug by drug approval? And then maybe second, if there were any kind of administration change to come in the next year, just how quickly could emission standard changes flow through the environmental segment? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Well, I will take the first one and maybe you can take the second coming on if you would like. So, Meta, I think in Valor, we are refueling with the broader adoption as well as strategies by our customers to make the regulatory burden be less. And the way to think about the FDA, they react to the plans of our customers and that will end up providing a basis for how it will evolve in the treatment of Valor Glass. In general, what I would say is ease of qualification is getting better for us as our customers get more sophisticated in how to do the regulatory moves. You just have to remember this is the first change really in vial packaging in 100 years. So, everybody was a little out of practice, right. So, I think with that’s coming in place and getting better. Our really focus though in Valor right now is to support the COVID-19 vaccine efforts. That’s what we are about. And we have focused most of our energy now on supporting various vaccine candidates. And for them, it’s a new drug. So, the new drug is just qualified in our vial. So there is no real additional regulatory burden. It’s the redo that provides an extra burden, not the originals. That product is superior in every way from the current product. So, that’s where we are really focusing our capacity efforts, that’s where we are focusing our technology efforts is to use all the Corning’s capabilities to make all of us and our children safer and that’s where we are aimed.
Tony Tripeny: And Meta, I think in terms of the environmental regulations, the way we look at it isn’t as – at least from our business standpoint and when we will start generating sales, it’s not as how quickly the regulations change, it’s when the implementations happened. And on environmental regulations, they always take several years to occur. They have got to change the automotive supply chain and the like. So, while the change in the regulations might be quick in terms of us actually seeing it in sales in North America that would clearly be a couple of years after that.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I want to add a question, if we look back to April when you put in place the new operating structure it was sort of centered around your maps in that, what kind of benefits have you seen from that? How is it working just given we are I don’t know 5 months since it was launched? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So, we basically – because our innovations have been successful, we have sort of outgrown our previous structures. And so we put in place this new operating structure with Eric Musser as our President and CEO and named new market access platform leaders, next generation leadership to take each and every one of our major market access platforms. And it’s gone great. And my main evidence for that is look at the results. I mean it is really strong so I have got nothing but good things to say about that and I am overall quite hopeful going forward with this type of outstanding operations performance continues.
Shannon Cross: Okay. And then I don’t know Tony can you talk a bit about any operational improvements you could make to unlock now that it, wholly owned, just or is it or we should just assume it will be standalone. And there is not much leverage that we had? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: I think there is plenty of operational improvements that we can make there we are basically based on as we thought about why we’re excited about this is based on their current operating performance and those long-term take-or-pay contracts that come with upfront cash payments there the good controls what they have over their cost both in terms of the assets that they bought from long term energy contracts at very favorable rates. And that’s why we’re confident in that ability to generate the $150 million of annual cash flow that being said we will start working on other kind of operational improvements we can make a good example of that is that we procure a lot more stuff as a company than they do I am sure there is opportunities there and those opportunities, from a technology standpoint, from the general manufacturing standpoint, market access stand point chances to look at different markets than they’ve had before. I mean, they will now get the whole power of the Corning machine to really drive that business. So I think on the whole we would expect improvements over time now how quickly they are happening like all we are just at the beginning stages of that and the fact it is going to have $150 million a year free cash flow generation is very exciting.
Shannon Cross: Thank you, Wendell.
Ann Nicholson: Okay. We will take one last question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Martin Yang with Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open. 
Martin Yang: Hi good morning. Thank you for squeezing again. And my question is about Display Glass prices, is there any opportunity for you to see price improvement even more, I understand at the current structure protects your downside but given the tight supply on demand, right now is there any way for you to raise price?
Wendell Weeks: I would say it did like you often heard me say Martin about display is it right way to think about it. To investment standpoint, in my opinion, I have so my operating folks who believe we can make this be back into a growth machine. But I continue to believe we should just count on it is aging gracefully generating tons of cash flow pricing, being moderate alright and that will decide normally in maturing business. That way the price declining and I think that’s the way to think about it. And right now our primary focus here is to make sure we bring up those Generation 10.5 plants that we have put in place and you can remember that was when we did this we did this with largely money support and from various Chinese players, where we kept 100% of the profit stream. And that move when we did it was really a bet on the growth of large size TV and a bet on the Chinese LCD manufacturers that bet is playing out really well. And the key for us is to grow that into its full capability as fast as we can.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wendell. Great and thanks everybody for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we will be at the Baird Virtual Global Industrial Conference on November 10 and Morgan Stanley Virtual Life after COVID Conference on November 11, Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference on November 30 and the Barclays Global Technology Media and Telecom Conference on December 10. Finally, the replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect our lines.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Corning Incorporated Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Joel and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s second quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures; unless we specifically indicate our comments are related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along and they're also available on our website for downloading. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. This morning we reported second quarter 2020 results. Sales were $2.6 billion. Net income was $218 million. EPS was $0.25 and free cash flow was $285 million. All increased sequentially. I have two primary observations on the quarter. First, while we're effectively adjusting to this period of uncertainty with decisive action and operational execution, we're generating positive cash flow and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Second, even in these uncertain times our strategy to deliver for our customers and outperform our markets is working. We're continuing to lead in the capabilities that make Corning distinctive. In fact, we advanced multiple growth initiatives during the quarter. Let’s consider the first observation in more detail. In the second quarter, we completed adjustments to our operating plan and continue to execute across the board by delivering operational improvements that will generate significant cost savings through 2021. We delivered sequential growth in sales, EPS and free cash flow. We also completed the vast majority of our anticipated restructuring, including the reprioritization of R&D programs. We believe we're continuing to position Corning for strong long term and improve profitability. Turning to my second observation, our long-term strategy is sound and our growth drivers are intact. As I said before, we're not just counting on everybody buying more stuff, we're putting more Corning into the products that people already buy. This provides a mechanism for us to outperform our end markets even in challenging environments. The relevance of our focused and cohesive portfolio remains strong and is actually increasing some of the secular trends benefiting us could accelerate as consumer lifestyles continue to adapt in a world of social distancing and as healthcare companies advance solutions to end the pandemic. There is a need for expanded network capacity and ubiquitous display as people spend more time online. Safe widespread delivery of vaccines are among society’s top priorities and reduce fine particular pollution appears to be helpful for reducing infection rates. All these needs fall directly within Corning's mission of improving lives through innovation and we are well positioned to contribute. The progress we've made and the leadership position we leverage across our markets in the second quarter speaks for itself. Let's take a closer look. In Life Sciences, we're mobilizing our capabilities to combat the virus wherever we can. Glass packaging is critical to the COVID-19 vaccine effort and it is currently in sure supply. Our Valor Glass innovation helps enables faster filling line speeds and increased patient safety. Valor Glass was selected by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Defense to accelerate delivery of COVID-19 vaccines and Corning was awarded $204 million in funding to expand Valor manufacturing capacity. Three leading COVID-19 vaccine produces have entered supply agreements for Valor Glass and we’re also working with several other potential customers to capture additional opportunities. Additionally, we announced a long-term supply agreement with Pfizer to provide Valor Glass for currently marketed drugs in their portfolio. Our Life Sciences segment entered several long-term agreements with major customers for COVID-19 molecular diagnostic testing and antibody detection kits in quarter two. We're seeing strong demand for these products currently and we expect to accelerate shipments further in the second half. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, our specialty materials segment delivered 13% year-over-year sales growth while the smartphone market declined year-over-year. Our performance was driven by strong demand for premium products. And we announced two exciting milestones. Gorilla Glass has now been used on more than 8 billion devices worldwide. And we maintained our industry leadership with the launch of Gorilla Glass Victus. This is the toughest Gorilla Glass yet and features significantly better drop and scratch performance than any other Gorilla Glass or competitive glass from other manufacturers. Samsung will be the first customer to adopt Gorilla Glass Victus in the near future. In Automotive, our Environmental Technologies segment outperformed in a weak market, strong adoption of our Gasoline Particulate Filters continued driving their sales growth to more than 20% year-over-year. Turning to Optical Communications, Corning grew sales 12% sequentially driven by carrier network projects. We announced a collaboration with EnerSys to speed 5G deployment by simplifying the delivery of fiber and electrical power to small-cell wireless sites. We also announced that we're working with Qualcomm Technologies to deliver indoor networks that are 5G ready, easy to install and affordable. The Corning systems are expected to be among the first designed to deliver 5G and our capability over a millimeter wave spectrum in the indoor segment. This includes enterprises such as offices, university campuses, hospitals, hotels, retail outlets, and more. Our collaboration will enable a small footprint and low power consumption platform for true high bandwidth 5G for in-building networks. Customer deployment will begin in the fall. In Display, Corning generated consistent sequential net income as customer demand remains steady, and large screen TV sales continue to drive demand supporting the opening of our Gen10.5 facilities. Across our markets, you can see that we're successfully advancing our long-term growth initiatives. Additionally, near term market conditions have improved. Auto factories are resuming operations in North America and Europe. And auto sales in China have returned to pre-pandemic levels. Telecommunications service providers and data center operators have resumed sending their technicians into the field. And they're rethinking their network needs to address greater demand for their services. Life Science labs are slowly reopening. We also expect television demand to remain resilient, as in-home entertainment is more important than ever and the demand for computing devices will be boosted by work and learn from home. So, we're seeing some encouraging developments across our industries. On the other hand, disruptive forces from the pandemic to civil unrest to a worldwide recession and geopolitical struggles all remain in play and they create uncertainty. We are united as a company to remain vigilant and adapt appropriately. We're rising to the challenge. I'll now turn the call over to Tony, so he can give you some more detail on our quarter and our near-term outlook.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. We came into this economic downturn with a balance sheet built for times like these, and we took actions during the quarter to ensure we have the financial resources needed for the duration. We generated $285 million in free cash flow, exited the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash and are on track to generate positive free cash flow for the year. Our financial position is strong. We are becoming more efficient and we have the capacity in place to meet expected growth with minimal investment. We expect improved profitability and return on invested capital as we grow sales. As the quarter progressed, demand and visibility improved. We maintained our leadership across all of our market access platforms. As a result, we expected gross sales and profits in the third quarter. As we said on our first quarter call, we've made aggressive adjustments to align our cost and operating plan with lower anticipated sales. These actions were essentially completed in the second quarter and fall into four broad categories; reducing production levels across most of our businesses, adjusting operating expenses with the majority of the savings to be realized in the second half, modifying inventory plans and reducing capital expenditures. As a result, we expect $200 million in annualized cash savings. We reduced inventory by a $120 million in the second quarter, and we reduced our CapEx by half versus Q1 to $288 million. We expect Q3 and Q4 CapEx to be consistent with the second quarter. We had strong operational performance with sequential improvement in sales, net income, EPS and free cash flow. Second quarter sales were $2.6 billion, up 2% quarter-over-quarter. Net income was $218 million, up 23% quarter-over-quarter, and EPS was $0.25, up 25% sequentially, and free cash flow was $285 million. Now, before I get into further details of our performance and results, I want to note that the largest difference between our GAAP and core results stem from restructuring charges of $254 million, which was primarily non-cash and included the reassessment and reprioritization of R&D programs. Other differences between our GAAP and core results come from a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translations, hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded a current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. To be clear, with mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. So, we're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since the reception more than five years ago. Now let's review the business segments. In Display Technologies, second quarter sales were $753 million and net income was a $152 million, both consistent with the first quarter. The Display Glass volume grew by a low single digit percentage sequentially as our Gen 10.5 customers bought more glass, sequential price declines were moderate and as expected. As Wendell said, we expect that Television demand will remain resilient as in-home entertainment is more important than ever and that demand for IT products will be boosted by work and study from home trends. In the second quarter, worldwide TV sell-through units in Q2 increased slightly year-over-year better than Q1 and better than the industry anticipated. Additionally, demand for Notebook PC's was strong in the second quarter. Preliminary retail sell-through data for June and July indicate that demand recovery in China has held and that demand in North America and Europe remains robust, while emerging regions remain weak. While uncertainty exists around retail demand in the back half of the year, we remain confident that TV screen size will continue to grow in 2020 and beyond. TV’s 65 inch or larger group are almost 40% year-over-year in the first half and we're well positioned to capture the majority of that growth with Gen 10.5 which is the most efficient Gen size for a large TV manufacturer. We continue to expect Display pricing to decline by mid-single digit percentage in 2020. We believe that three factors drive a favorable glass pricing environment. First; we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced through demand. For Corning, we are aligning our capacity with demand. We're also pacing Gen 10.5 capital projects to align with panel makers schedules. Second; our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third; display glass manufacturing requires periodic investment in existing capacity to maintain operations. Glass prices must support acceptable returns on those investments. In Optical Communications, second quarter sales grew 12% sequentially to $887 million as major carriers increased spending on cable deployments and access network projects. Net income grew by $52 million to $81 million on the higher volume and actions taken to allowing cost and capacity. The year-over-year decline in sales was consistent with the passive optical market decline. We maintain our view that the long-term trend in Optical is strongly positive. Bandwidth demand has accelerated during the pandemic consuming network headroom capacity. Evidence of that demand includes AT&T’s report that Wi-Fi calling increased 100%, Verizon's report that VPN connections were up 72% over pre-COVID levels and Zoom surpassing 300 million users from 10 million in December. We expect carriers to expand capacity to meet growing bandwidth in the future but the current environment makes timing uncertain. While network operators remain committed to the original capital plans for 2020, deployments are constrained by pandemic related labor and site access constraints. We expect these factors to continue in the third quarter. Environmental Technologies faced a challenging market. During the quarter, OEMs temporarily halted production in both the automotive and diesel markets. To mitigate the impact, we swiftly adjusted our operations to pace with customer demand and reduce costs. Environmental Technologies second quarter sales were $226 million and profitability was impacted by lower sales and production volumes. Our auto sales were down 31% year-over-year beating the global auto production decline of 41 -- 45% year-over-year through a continued adoption of Gasoline Particulate Filters. The good news is that by the end of the quarter, auto sales in China returned to pre-lockdown levels, while North America and Europe OEMs began ramping production. In these realms, we anticipated cyclical downturn in North America heavy duty truck market was made worse by shut downs, with vehicle production dropping 73% year-over-year. Overall, we remain confident in our content and innovation driven strategy in environmental and expect to return to grow as markets improve through the second half and into next year. Specialty Materials sales were $417 million in the second quarter up 13% year-over-year and in sharp contrast to the smartphone market which declined year-over-year. Net income was $90 million up 34% year-over-year. Sales growth was driven by three factors. First; premium glass demand increased in support of second half customer launches. Second; work and study from home trends drove growth in our products for tablets and laptops. And third; the demand for advanced chips drugs sales for our semiconductor equipment products. Looking ahead, we expect our performance relative to the 2020 mobile consumer electronics market to come from further adoption of our innovations. In Life Sciences, second quarter sales declined 7% year-over-year to $243 million. Net income was $31 million, down $9 million versus last year on the lower sales volume. The business was impacted by the prolong closure of non-essential laboratories such as university research labs particularly in the North American market. The impact has been somewhat offset by increased demand for consumables using COVID-19 testing applications. Life Science lab re-openings picked up in late May and lab utilization has been steadily increasing since then. Going forward, we are confident in the opportunities ahead for Life Sciences and Valor, especially as we prepare for upcoming vaccine demand. Equity earnings were positively impacted in the second quarter as our Hemlock JV settled a contract with the seller customer. Going forward, Hemlock will largely sell products in the semiconductor industry. Hemlock’s leadership position is backed by attractive long term take or pay customer contracts with upfront payments. This creates stable revenue and profits and strong cash flow generation. Let’s move to the balance sheet and our commitment to strong financial stewardship. We generated $285 million of free cash flow, a significant increase from the first quarter. We have $2.2 billion of cash and we have a debt structure that is conservative by design and relatively unique. Our balance sheet is built for times like these. Today, our average debt maturity is about 25 years, the longest in the S&P 500. Over the next 18 months, we have under $70 million coming due. Less than half of our total debt is due within the next 20 years and during this time there is no single year with debt repayments over $500 million. Investors often evaluate credit and financial health based on total debt-to-EBITDA. For the S&P 500, the average company has a weighted average debt maturity of roughly 10 years, and more than 80% of debt is due within 20 years. Consequently, when investors calculate the debt-to-EBITDA, they are implicitly focusing mostly on debt due in the next 20 years. Corning's 20-year debt-to-EBITDA is 1.2 times consistent with an A credit rating and illustrative of the conservatism of our balance sheet. We expect to maintain a strong cash position and to maintain our dividend. As I've previously mentioned, we expect to generate positive free cash flow for the year. And we have paused share buybacks and do not expect to add material debt in 2020. So in total, we have a very strong balance sheet and we have the financial resources needed for the duration of the economic downturn. To wrap-up, we had strong operational performance in the second quarter with sequential improvements in sales, net income, EPS and free cash flow. As the quarter progress, demand and visibility improved. This improvement has continued throughout July. As a result, we expect to grow sales and profits in the third quarter. However, we remain aware of the potential impact from the pandemic, the global recession, civil unrest and geopolitical tensions. So, how much growth will depend on end market demand and economic activity during August and September. We will keep you updated as we move through the quarter. Stepping back, our underlying growth drivers are intact and we're successfully navigating across this crisis. As we grow sales, we expect improved profitability. Furthermore, we have the capacity in place to be able to meet the sales growth with minimal investment, which we expect to result in capital efficiency gains including ROIC improvement. Altogether, this reaffirms our confidence that Corning is positioned to emerge from this crisis stronger than ever. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Tony. During the second quarter, we made great strides in positioning Corning to emerge stronger from the global health crisis and resume growth. Sales, net income, EPS and free cash flow, all increased sequentially. Corning advanced multiple initiatives throughout the second quarter, including the launch of Corning Gorilla Glass Victus and continued innovation with 5G industry leaders. On the COVID-19 front, we continue to seek ways to leverage our deep technology, manufacturing, and engineering capabilities to combat the pandemic directly. We were delighted that Valor Glass was selected by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Defense to accelerate delivery of COVID-19 vaccines. Overall, our decisive action and operational execution resulted in positive free cash flow and continued leadership in the capabilities that make Corning distinctive. We're delivering for our customers, we're outperforming on markets and we're preserving our financial strength. I'll conclude with an additional important development. For nearly 170 years, our company has been dedicated to creating innovations that have a positive impact on the world, while conducting business in a way that has positive impact on our people and our communities. Now, we have an opportunity to make additional contributions. We're setting up an office to further build racial and social unity within the walls of Corning, and in our communities. Lewis Steverson, our Chief Legal and Administrative Officer will lead this office. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wendell. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes, thank you. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. If I can just start off with Display. You talked about kind of demand being resilient on the TV side, but as we’re looking at some of the data points from panel makers regarding to a substantial improvement in banner shipments quarter-on-quarter or going into 3Q something in the magnitude of 20%. So, wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing in terms of or hearing in terms of demand from your panel customers? And where does inventory stand? Because I think last quarter, you were a bit concerned about the inventory level going in.
Wendell Weeks: Yeah, I think from Samik, from an overall standpoint the TV demand has clearly been resilient. The data points that we saw in the second quarter was the fact that the TV units were up on a year-over-year basis and that was certainly better than Q1. I mean, it was also better than well, most people were expecting as we went into the quarter. In addition to that, if you look at what happened in the preliminary data in June and July, I mean, that data was also very strong. In China, we didn't see a change in that data, though, that demand remains robust. And then North American and Europe, it was strong during the whole quarter and that continued. So yes, we think TV demand is resilient. We also think that supply chain is perfectly healthy. I mean, we ended the year in a healthy supply chain situation, of course, nobody knew exactly what was going to happen in the second quarter. But given what did happen in the second quarter and the way things are going now, we don't see any supply chain issues there.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. And if I can just follow-up on the cash flow here, so you had a strong free cash flow quarter through the working capital improvements that you're driving. Just help me think about how sustainable those are as you start to kind of go through the recovery in terms of revenue, how much of that improvement is kind of something you have to get back as you go in working capital? Just trying to think about kind of how does this impact your free cash flow conversion in the long run?
Tony Tripeny: Well, certainly a lot of that was by reducing inventory -- reduced inventory over $100 million during the quarter. And if you recall, over the last 18 months or so as we thought our sales were going to be more stronger than they actually turned out to be we actually built up a fair amount of inventory, so, we think there's the opportunity to continue to reduce inventory. And then just from an overall operational standpoint, one of our real focus areas of the company is on the inventory management and how to get better at that. So, I think that at least that is sustainable for at least a couple more quarters, no doubt, when we grow again, we'll have to consume working capital. The other thing that was a big improvement during the quarter, of course, was what happened on capital spending. And as you know in the first quarter, a lot of that was the expansion capital wrapping up on some of our biggest projects, such as Gen 10.5 and although we still have some of that that's going on, we've reduced it significantly in Q2. And we expect Q3 and Q4 to be at those same levels.
Wendell Weeks: I think stepping back and looking at free cash flow conversion, fundamentally, when we're not in a build cycle, our free cash flow conversion is excellent. And that's where we are right now. Right, so it's less really about the specific programs and specific things we're doing. It's more just since it takes us a couple three years to build one of our major low-cost factories, but there's a cycle where we invest for the future. And it is that investment to drive down our free cash flow conversion. We're in a period right now, where we've gotten ahead of that. So, we're in a spot where we're just in a reinvestment stage. And we were like that, we're going to have really high free cash flow conversion, you can expect that to continue.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Your line is now open.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Wendell, I was wondering if you could maybe step back and give us a bigger picture view on the new Optical cycle. You talked about network headroom, basically going away and sounds like site access is still an issue but not as big of an issue. So, if you wanted to think about maybe the next four to six quarters versus how you performed in the year or two before the downturn in Optical how do we think about that under the sort of new world we're living in? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Steve, I think that's an excellent question and sort of balance of the known versus the unknown and then try to come to the conclusion. On the known side, both our cloud providers as well as our network service providers, all are experiencing very strong growth, as you heard from Tony and you've heard from me during this call. That strong growth and they see an opportunity for more revenue production going forward. And they see that fiber based networks have -- are just lower cost. And we're starting to see some commentary especially from the network providers about how they can combine and merge all the various services onto one high capacity fiber network, and therefore, open up lots of avenues towards revenue creation, all off on capital investment. So, all of that is stacking up to sort of powerful forces to put Optical Communications back in a cycle of growth. On the unknown side, real people have to install these networks. Real people have to show up to put in place these massive cloud-based data centers. And even when people are resuming putting technicians in the field, it is at a much less rate than what it would be -- what would be needed to support historical build cycles. So, we still have the pandemic here. And so that makes actual prediction just quarter-to-quarter what will happen to be difficult? But I think as you said Steve, because that's what's behind the question, the fundamentals look really strong. Our market position looks really strong. We should be entering a growth cycle. Now, we just got to see how the world deals with the pandemic.
Steven Fox: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a good quarter. A couple of questions; one is on Optical, there was commentary that the optical segment performed sort of in line with the passive optical market decline and Wendell just talked about all the labor constraints etcetera that's going on. How should we think about Corning always maintained their leadership across their end markets? When do we expect or when should we expect Corning to again resume growth that outpaces the broader market? And then I have another follow-up on capacity and margins. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: This year if we're doing our job, that's the way we think about it. We should be outpacing the market and we will get on with that post haste.
Asiya Merchant: Okay, and then just on margins, if I think about obviously, you guys are making some progress here sequentially in the third quarter, that's the commentary and typically 3Q is up 5% or so on the top line and as the top line flows through the margins, etcetera. There's some investor confusion around how idling capacity should help margins. If somebody can walk us through the dynamics there typically idling capacity would lead to perhaps a hit on margins? And how should we think about the margin improvements in the back half? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes, Asiya, you're correct. I think when we idle capacity that does hurt the margins, especially if you're having less production than you're actually selling because you also take down inventory, which is, of course, what we did in Q2, in Q3. On the other side, though we did a lot of cost reduction efforts, and that ends up helping margins. And so, we ended up in Q2 with margins very similar to what we had in Q1 on a gross margin level and then on an operating margin level, of course, we did better than that. So, as we look forward, the key here is to increase sales and as we create more sales through our factories and more sales for OpEx structure, we'll see expansion in margins.
Asiya Merchant: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Notter: Hi, there. Thanks a lot. I guess I wanted to ask about just the fundamentals in the Display business. I'm thinking more strategically, there's a lot of moving parts there, of course, you guys are pacing some of your investment in Gen 10.5. You've got pending exits of some of the LCD panel making facilities in Korea. Certainly, we hear about CVC rumored to be for sale. I mean, can you just talk about what you're seeing over there, and how that kind of plays into your dynamics strategically as you look forward? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question. Once you've heard from us in the past really remains -- those fundamental drivers remain in place, which is, we have been preparing for a number of years for the ascendancy of the Chinese panel making infrastructure. And because of the particular way that economy works, that we believe, what was the strongest region in terms of production in Korea at a cost disadvantage. Once they made the decision not to go to Gen 10.5 that sort of was the die was cast. So, that's why we have been on our investment cycle in China with three quarters of the support coming from our customers or the Chinese government in one form or another. So, those trends look right, they continue to move in our direction. It all just happened a little bit faster than we were planning. Because Korea ended-up, Samsung specifically ended-up making decisions a little faster than what was their original plan. So, we don't really have all of our Gen 10.5 facilities up to support all that demand yet. And that's what we're working through. CC, of course, is a strong customer of ours. We would expect our market position to continue to grow as the trends towards China continue and the trends towards our long-term strategic partners continue.
George Notter: Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Does that answer your question, George?
George Notter: Very well, yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Your line is now open.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I was just curious, given the vaccine and obviously you've gotten some funding from the government but just in general sort of this push to move manufacturing back to the U.S. and clearly a significant amount of government dollars that are out there right now, if this has changed really your thought process on timeline for Valor to provide meaningful contribution to the business? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: The simple answer Shannon is yes.
Shannon Cross: Any idea of the magnitude of the pull-in of the timeline?
Wendell Weeks: We have an excellent idea. Yeah, we have an excellent idea, we’re not disclosing it yet. Here's the challenge really why we're not giving specific guidance here on that is, we are putting a significant amount of our effort behind the specific human health need that we have to protect our people and the people around the globe with the vaccine. So, that's where we're aiming our efforts. So, sort of any prediction on the specific sales as they evolve would have to involve like what is going to be the success and timing of the vaccine. So, what you can see the way to think about it is, we're now accelerating the building of our high-volume manufacturing facility. And we're in the midst of pouring concrete on the floor to inside that shell. We're in the midst of quickly ramping our equipment and we are doubling the output of our big flaps New York facility. So, we're growing very fast. But so our customer is going very fast. And it's really hard to pick winners and losers. So, I spilled up, here's why I think about it financially. I still don't think if you're primarily focused on the near term, you should worry much about Valor driving right numbers, right. If you're worried about the long term, this is an excellent sign for us. All the stuff that we bet on, which is we needed U.S. based manufacturing, that we needed a new pharmaceutical package, that we needed to have more full line capacity, that we could do that through our packaging, that we needed to make patient safer. All those bets looked like they're coming true. But that's really about the long term. It will be a big driver. Meanwhile, we just want to make you safe, and we want to do our part. Does that make sense, Shannon?
Shannon Cross: It does, it does. Can you talk a bit about any competitive moves that you've seen from some of the others out in the industry because it seems like you guys are in a really good position and I'm wondering if you've seen anything pop up recently? And then thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Well, in this industry remember we’re an attacker. So historically, we haven't had much of a position in pharmaceutical packaging. And it was only when we saw significant issues with the packaging of today that we developed the Valor Innovation and decided we needed to do this to make patients safer. And we needed to bring our capabilities to that fight. So, we're really the attacker, we're just getting started. But I think you're right. I think we're off to a robust start to give our competitors a heck of a wake-up call.
Shannon Cross: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to ask about the Specialty Materials outperformance. Can you talk us about how significant the impact from work from home and the strong semiconductor equipment demand was relative to smartphone premium products? And then maybe how sustainable you see that as we go into 2H?
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, each of those items were roughly about a third of the reason for the outperformance. I mean clearly what happened the glass that we sell both the tablets and as far as we sell the notebook computers that have Gorilla Glass on them was very important to us. And we think it's a good example of the innovations that we have that cause us to perform better than the underlying market. And the semiconductor performance was also good. I mean, the demand for advanced chipsets really have made a difference there. And then from a glass standpoint, as we said, we -- as people get ready, as our customers get ready to introduce new products in the back half of the year, they of course, pull all those products early and we saw nice demand there too.
Tim Long: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Maybe just a question for me on the Optical segment picking up but just whether you could give us a sense of the breadth of that pickup, is it amongst kind of one or two major customers? Are you seeing it kind of across the board and any commentary on hyperscale customers in terms of their kind of optical demand?
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, in the specialty side and the carrier market, I mean, it's certainly more than one or two customers, but it was very much driven in the carrier market and when you see our detailed numbers, you'll see that those were the numbers that were up on a sequential basis. In the enterprise market, it was a little bit more mixed, I think from a data center standpoint. That's where a lot of the labor constraint really showed up, I mean, in some data centers, less so than others. But I think that's one of the reasons that those sales were down on a quarter-over-quarter basis. But then also a lot of our enterprise customers are small and medium businesses, and also corporate spending. And we saw, those areas were clearly impacted by what's happening in the outside world. But there was a broad set, especially in the carrier business.
Meta Marshall: Got it. And then maybe just on the restructuring charge and you noted that it was due to reprioritization of some R&D projects. Are there any major projects we should consider discontinued or just any commentary there? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: Yes, I mean, it was very specifically a stealth project that we hadn't really talked a lot about externally, that had originally been initiated by a customer request. And if you recall on our 3, 4, 5 strategies, there's the 20% that’s outside of 3, 4, 5 capabilities where we put our energy and efforts into. I mean, it's one of those projects in that 20% category. And of course, in this environment, it made sense for us to go back and look at that 20%. And so that's what we did. And, we ended up restructuring impairing some of those assets.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Rod Hall: Yeah, hi, thank you for the question. I wanted to start with the lack of guidance or the lower guidance for September and just see if I'm interpreting this correctly. It seems like your Display commentary is positive. And then, Optical have been uncertain so that leaves us with Specialty as the source of increased uncertainty in September. So, I wanted to check and see if that's accurate, or that's the right way to interpret this and then if that is right, what's driving that? Is it product timing or is it demand uncertainty; you may be double click on why the reduced guidance in September? And also maybe tell us whether you're going to continue to provide a lower level of guidance like this or is this just a one-off? And then I have a follow up.
Wendell Weeks: So, let's start with your premise, okay. We're not providing lower guidance for September. Nor are we providing lower guidance for Specialty or anything like this. While this is, I think you're over thinking it. Here's the situation. Really, all lights are flashing green in our specific industries and in our performance of our units. Our financial executives, our operational executives, our strategic executives, where all four are getting more specific guidance this quarter, okay. I'm the problem. And it's not anything that we're seeing happening specifically in our industries. It's just as I look at the world, and I see the pandemic doing what it's doing. I see a very broad global recession. I see civil unrest, really across the globe. And I see an awful lot of global tensions in a geopolitical sense, and is that macro area that makes me say, I think there's just too much uncertainty just to count on what we're seeing with our own two eyes. But if we just looked at our data, I think we'd be comfortable giving specific guidance. And we would view that guidance as positive. And I'm just more worried about the uncertainty. Does that make sense to you, Rod? I know it must disappoint.
Rod Hall: Yes.
Wendell Weeks: Does it make sense to you?
Rod Hall: No, no, no Wendell, that's very helpful color. I just -- that's very helpful. So, that answers my question. I appreciate that. And then the second thing, I wanted to drill into the working capital again Tony. One of the standouts for us was the date payable that came down quite a bit in June and wondering, is that a sustainable level? Or do you expect that to bounce back to kind of more historical average levels or and maybe, can you tell us what drove that?
Tony Tripeny: Yeah. And I think from an overall standpoint, I mean, Wendell is right, I mean, we're in a period of time where our free cash flow conversion is going to be strong because we’re not doing the investment capital that we've done the last several years and so either on any given line item on the cash flow statement, there's a variety of things that happened on a month in and month out standpoint. But we're committed and we're going to deliver free cash flow for the year. And, that's what our focus is. And we’re thrilled with our performance in the second quarter. I think it really helps investors understand our ability to generate that free cash flow.
Rod Hall: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Wendell, you noted strong free cash flow margins coming off a build cycle. I think, Tony, you just referenced that too. I was wondering how long typically these post build cycles are especially given the fact that Display has been usually a large source of that historical perspective on that would be helpful. And given COVID now, do you think that, that is extended for a longer period of time? And I have a follow up.
Wendell Weeks: That's a very excellent question. In a way, what you're asking is, when will we be in our next build cycle, which usually is for revenue that's a couple of years now. I think it's really hard to answer that question Wamsi. Drove me up in the middle of the night and asked me, I'd say, I think we're going to be in a period of really staying within more of the reinvestment, repurpose pieces of our wheel, right. And pieces of our wheel for a time period that is your normal models you should be able to count on. At the same time, what we hope for is that things like successful health with the vaccine that, this the movement towards more optical networks and all those things put us in a long-term spot, those mega trends are a conversion of more value in order to be back in our build cycle. But I think we'll have plenty of warning, Wamsi. Sorry, I don't have a more specific answer for you.
Wamsi Mohan: No, thank you. Thanks for the color Wendell. And Tony, if I could, the funding that the government's providing the $204 million that you alluded to, to expand Valor manufacturing capacity. How should we think of that flowing through sort of your statements? Is that a -- does it get reflected in CapEx right away? Is it all in CapEx? Can you give us any color on that? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, I think the way to think about it Wamsi is, as we spend this money, this gets reversed. And so we just get it added out into our statements I mean, most of it is for capacity and most of it is in CapEx, but there's also some operating expenses and they'll get reimbursed there too.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wamsi. Operator, we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And that question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is now open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question, two follow-ups. Tony, given all the changes going within the company and increased focus and in reducing the cost, should I expect your operating margins were to expand from here on even if revenues were to go flat just for the scenario analysis? And I have a follow up.
Tony Tripeny: I mean, clearly what we've done in the second quarter is reduce our operating costs. And that will be reflected as we get into Q3 and Q4. From our overall standpoint, as we've talked about before, our real focus area is to get back to growing our sales and growing our profitability. And when our sales grow, we expect to see improved profitability too.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. And then Wendell, I just want to better understand the dynamics impacting the TV industry. Can you remind me what the mix of 65-inch TV is as a percentage of the overall TV demand or shipment?
Tony Tripeny: Mehdi, at the top of my head, I'm drawing a blank on that, that's clearly where a lot of the growth is going, to give example, almost 40% on a year-over-year basis. But when we have our follow up call, we'll get to the answer of that.
Mehdi Hosseini: All right. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Thanks.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks Mehdi, and thanks everybody for joining us today. Before we close out, just want to let you know that we will attend the Jefferies Semiconductor IP Hardware and Communication Infrastructure Summit on September 2nd, and Citi 2020 Global Technology Conference on September 9th, and both will be virtual conferences. So once again, thank you and Joel, please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter One 2020 Earnings Call. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tania, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I would like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures; unless we specifically indicate our comments are related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They're also available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported first quarter 2020 results. Sales were $2.5 billion, net income was $177 million, and EPS was $0.20. We accomplished much of what we set out to do in the quarter, despite the evolving health crisis and its impact on the global economy. That said, the situation is creating uncertainty in our sales. As a result, we are adjusting our operating plan to reduce cost and capital spending. We are committed to preserving the financial strength of the company. We have essentially no debt coming due over the next two years, and we expect to maintain a strong cash balance and generate positive free cash flow for the year. We also plan to maintain our dividend. Because of the heightened uncertainty, we will not be providing our normal guidance at this time. We are all confronting profound challenges as a result of COVID-19. Our thoughts are with those directly affected by the pandemic and the many people fighting it on the front lines. Our company has been facing this human health crisis head on since day one. The first cases of the disease to draw attention from medical officials and the media occurred in Wuhan, where Corning is opening a display plant. Responding to these early cases in Wuhan and Greater China put us to the test, and we rose to the challenge. Our core teams in our factories gave their all. They kept our people safe and delivered on customer commitments. Our experience at the start of the outbreak informed the blueprint deployed in all our facilities as the virus spread across the globe. All Corning sites maintain comprehensive preparedness plans and are operating under our best practices playbook. From China to South Korea, Italy, India, the U.S., the challenges are unique in each location, but our actions have been compassionate, systematic, and based on facts and experience. So what does this response tell you about Corning? Even in periods of uncertainty, we are certain that we'll protect and support our employees and our communities, we'll deliver for our customers, and we'll preserve our financial strength to sustain excellent stewardship on behalf of all of our stakeholders. Beginning with SARS, Corning has designed procedures to keep our employees safe during pandemics. From the start of the outbreak, we've been ahead of the curve, safeguarding our people and workplaces according to the very highest standards, and we support our communities. We're launching Unity Campaigns in partnership with local business owners, medical professionals, food banks, and other human services organizations in all of the communities where we operate. Together, we're supplying basic needs, aiding vulnerable populations, and easing burdens caused by the crisis. From upstate New York to India, Corning is supporting hunger relief and helping secure essential food supplies for people undergoing lockdowns and other disruptions. We donated 150,000 surgical masks to regional hospitals in New York, North Carolina, New Jersey, and Virginia. We stepped forward with pharmaceutical glass packaging to meet surge capacity, and we've accelerated the commercialization of Valor to assist in developing vaccines and other treatments. In Italy, we coordinated the donation of laboratory supplies to mitigate the impact on medical supply networks. And in China, we supported production of antiviral sprays with our advanced flow reactors. We also donated Corning Guardiant antimicrobial particles for an antiviral paint, which was specially produced and deployed for frontline hospital use in the Wuhan area. We are now working with regulatory agencies to seek approval for other applications in other geographies. Corning is in this critical human health fight. We're doing our best to make a difference wherever we are with what we have to contribute. The same resolve applies to our customer commitments. We've maintained our operational excellence throughout the crisis, and we continue to meet or exceed customer expectations in this difficult operating environment. To share a recent example, customers in China needed to produce antimicrobial sprays to combat the spread of the virus. They urgently needed use of our advanced flow reactor product. We knew our technology and the global supply chain system could make a difference. So our teams executed within days on a project that normally would take weeks to design, make, ship, and deploy production scale systems. We're rising to the call in similar ways around the world. We're also committed to preserving the financial strength of the company. To that end, we are adjusting our operating plans to reduce cost and capital spending, all while meeting our customer commitments. We have essentially no debt due over the next two years. We ended the first quarter with $2 billion of cash. We expect to maintain a strong cash balance and generate positive free cash flow for the year. We plan to maintain our current dividend. I want to take a moment to talk about our strong balance sheet. In addition to $2 billion of cash, we have a debt structure that is conservative by design and relatively unique. It is built for times like these. We deliberately issued debt with 30-year, 50-year, and even 60-year maturities so that there is very little debt due in any given year and the total maturity is spread out over a very long time. Today, our average debt maturity is about 25 years, the longest in the S&P 500. Over the next two years, we have under $70 million of debt coming due. Less than half of our total debt is due within the next 20 years, and during this time, there is no single year with debt repayments over $500 million. Investors often evaluate credit and financial health based on total debt to EBITDA. For the S&P 500, the average company has a weighted average debt maturity of roughly 10 years, and more than 80% of debt is due within 20 years. Consequently, when investors calculate debt to EBITDA, they are implicitly focusing mostly on debt due in the next 20 years. Corning's 20-year debt to EBITDA is 1.1, consistent with an A credit rating and illustrative of the conservatism of our balance sheet. In sum, we have a very strong balance sheet, and we have the financial resources needed for the duration of the economic slowdown. We don't know how deep it will be or how long it will last, but we are financially strong coming into it, and we're going to come out of it even stronger and ready to return to growth. Let's turn to our long-term growth drivers, which remain intact. In fact, some of the secular trends could accelerate as consumer lifestyles continue to adapt to the drastic circumstances being experienced across the globe. A world of physical distancing and remote work requires expanded network capacity and sophisticated communication solutions. Reduced fine particulate pollution appears to be helpful for reducing infection rates. Drug discovery and safe widespread delivery of vaccines are among societies' top priorities. All these needs fall directly within our mission of improving lives through innovation, and Corning is ideally positioned to contribute. Many of the lifestyle changes we're adjusting to today will not be temporary, and our products and technologies across our market access platforms are more important than ever. Of course, the thing [ph] continues to come in, and we're busy on all fronts, assessing and collecting information on what exactly the new normal will be. Looking at optical communications, bandwidth demand is surging. Let's start with usage reports published over the last two months. At one major carrier, Wi-Fi calling has increased almost 90%. Collaboration tool usage is up almost 90% at another. And one cable TV company reported that voice over IP and video conferencing traffic increased 228% since March 1. A major social media company said live streams were up 50% and group video calls were up 70%. A popular cloud video conference service reported that they spiked from 10 million users in December to 300 million in April. For a long time now, our personal technology has been intrinsic to our day-to-day experience. We take it wherever we go. With social distancing, that technology has become where we go to work, learn, and connect. All of these points to the need for continuously scaling network capacity and making investments in technologies like 5G, fiber-to-the-home, and cloud computing. And our physical distancing and remote living is being mediated through displays on TVs, laptops, and mobile consumer electronics. Corning's industry-leading glasses are essential for displays and touch interfaces. Turning to our automotive market, our clean air technologies have captured or neutralized billions of tons of pollutants over the past four decades, and helped billions of people breathe easier. Today's health crisis is heightening the importance of this Corning technology. A study by the Harvard School of Public Health connects fine particulate air pollution with higher death rates from COVID-19 in the U.S. The researchers stated that their study results underscore the importance of continuing to enforce air pollution regulations to protect human health both during and after the COVID-19 crisis. Many countries around the world have regulations to address fine particulate emissions from mobile sources, and Corning's technology is an essential part of the solution. Corning's diesel particulate filters have been used for many years to remove particles from diesel exhaust. More recently, Corning introduced gasoline particulate filters, GPFs, to cut down on particulates from gasoline exhausts, while enabling the most efficient use of fuel and horsepower. As the Harvard study reinforces, a body of research ties dirty air to illness, including the most severe COVID-19 outcomes, and makes our solutions more relevant than ever. There are also multiple ways we've mobilized our innovation capabilities to combat the pandemic more directly. Consider our Valor Glass. There is a worldwide shortage of pharmaceutical glass packaging, and vaccine fill, finish capacity is limited. We need successful COVID vaccines, and we need next-generation pharmaceutical packaging and processes to produce and protect them. We believe Corning Valor Glass is the answer. In addition to offering a safer package, we believe that the faster filling line speeds, enabled by our Valor technology, are particularly critical for a pandemic response when every hour counts and every extra dose delivered makes a difference. Valor Glass vials are being used for COVID-19 vaccine clinical trials right now. We're also supporting several other leading companies developing treatments for the disease. Our support includes Valor, other Corning life science products, and technical support to accelerate solutions and ensure availability across the globe. We're supplying our traditional lab products for both RNA and antibody testing to combat the spread of the coronavirus, and we're exploring applying our technology in other ways. For example, using our advanced flow reactors to scale production of small molecule antivirals to treat the virus, GPF substrates for fixed systems that remove fine particles from outdoor air to reduce disease transmission, and Guardiant to create smart surfaces that kill coronavirus before it infects people. Overall, we're confident we can make significant contributions as the world addresses and recovers from these challenges. And as we've recently announced, we're taking the next organizational steps to tap the full power of our potential. We're centering operations around our market access platforms, positioning Corning to become even more relevant in our markets. We're working to capture more customer insights, further leverage our distribution channels, and open up new opportunities for innovation with industry leaders, who already trust us deeply and appreciate our unique set of capabilities. The new organization comes with a new generation of leaders, moving us steadily forward as we pursue our next 169 years of life-changing innovation. We've also established a new leadership position that will drive operational excellence and appointed Eric Musser, President and Chief Operating Officer. Eric's a Corning veteran with a strong track record for leadership and execution. He will enhance process consistency and ensure we hit our targets across the company. Before turning it over to Tony, I'll close with a final thought. Corning is no stranger to difficult times. Across three centuries, we've tackled some of our customers' toughest problems by creating some of the most consequential material inventions in history. We've navigated two world wars, natural disasters, and economic catastrophes. Our job, as always, is to rise to the challenge of today and lead. We're keeping our company strong. We're innovating on some of the most pressing problems of the moment. And we're built to last, regardless of the duration of the current crisis. Our people are dedicated. Our resolve is total. Our capabilities are more relevant than ever. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for more details.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. As Wendell said, our results for the first quarter were solid, given the significant changes in market conditions in most of the industries we serve. Because we are in a period of uncertainty, our sales are hard to predict. Therefore, we are withdrawing our full-year 2020 guidance. My remarks today will give you a sense of what we're seeing in each of our businesses and a summary of the actions we're taking to address the situation. Now, before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the largest difference between our GAAP and core results is associated with non-cash charges related to capacity realignment and cash severance payments. Other differences between our GAAP and core results come from a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earning translation hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this resulted in a $50 million GAAP earnings gain in the quarter. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flows, our ability to invest for growth, and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We've received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than five years ago. Now, shifting to results, first quarter sales were $2.5 billion, net income was $177 million, and EPS was $0.20. In display technologies, first quarter sales were $751 million and net income was $152 million. Display glass market first quarter volume grew by a low-single digit percentage sequentially, and Corning's volume was down a low-single digit percentage, both as expected. Sequential price declines were moderate, also as expected. Stay-at-home policies in multiple economies, starting in China, impacted end market demand for televisions in Q1. As a result, preliminary Q1 worldwide TV sell-through units are reported to be down low-single digits year-over-year. Now, for Q2, early data indicate TV sell-through units could decline more than in Q1. Weak TV demand will likely be partially offset by pockets of strength for some IT products. Now, based on our experience in prior economic events, we expect TV demand to recover to its longer-term growth trajectory as the economy recovers. In addition, we expect increasing screen size to drive continued growth in glass demand. How the full year plays out for glass demand and retail will depend on the duration of stay-at-home policies and the health of global economies throughout the year. Now, China is the first major economy to experience the shutdown and reopen cycle, and we'll be watching its TV retail demand recovery closely in the upcoming months. Although demand declined year-over-year in the first quarter, it is encouraging to note that China TV sell-through in March increased by over 50% versus February. We are adjusting our production levels to a lower level of demand. As you may have seen reported in the news recently, Samsung Display is accelerating their exit plans for LCD panel manufacturing. While this is happening faster than we originally expected, the fundamental shift from Korea to China is not a surprise to us. We have been working closely with Samsung as we move through this transition, and we are well prepared. As panel makers shift from Korea, our three Chinese Gen 10.5 plants position us well. Ultimately, end market demand drives glass demand. And with retail area growth primarily driven by large TVs, which are most efficiently manufactured on Gen 10.5 fabs, we will capture the majority of that growth. We expect temporary impact on our volume relative to the market, driven by specific timing of Samsung Display's exit, versus the ramp of our Gen 10.5 plants. Our Korea operation is a low-cost manufacturing organization that we will use to serve our global customer base. Finally, we continue to expect display pricing to decline by a mid-single digit percentage in 2020. We believe that three factors continue to drive the favorable glass-pricing environment we've been experiencing. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced to demand. For Corning, we are aligning our capacity with demand. We are also pacing our Gen 10.5 capital projects to align with panel makers' schedules. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Glass prices must support the acceptable returns on those investments. In optical communications, first quarter sales were $791 million. As Wendell said, long-term growth drivers are intact. We are seeing positive statement from telecom operators regarding network constraints, increased demand for bandwidth, and continued investment in 5G and data centers. But we are also seeing negative impact, as carriers and enterprise customers face site access, health and safety concerns, supply chain interruptions, and cash constraints. The business continues to adjust its cost structure and align capacity to match near-term sales. Environmental technologies first quarter sales were $320 million, and net income was $35 million. Sales were down 12% year-over-year, and below our expectations of up mid-single digits, as car and truck manufacturers implemented shutdowns in key markets. Profitability was impacted by the lower volume. We believe the economic impact on the auto industry will be significant, especially over the next two quarters to three quarters. Auto assembly plants are beginning to resume operations, with China starting to run, Europe beginning to open back up, and North America expected to reopen soon. How the recovery will play out for our business will ultimately depend on global car sales. In diesel, we anticipated a cyclical decline in North America heavy-duty truck market from its peak in 2018 and 2019. We now anticipate that decline will be even faster and steeper. Global demand was down 25% in Q1. Now, despite the impact we are experiencing, we expect our full-year sales to be less significantly impacted than the overall market, and we remain confident in our content-driven growth strategies. OEMs continue to adopt gasoline particulate filters in Europe and China, and emerging market heavy-duty regulations are driving adoption of more advanced products. As markets recover and improve, we expect to resume our growth trajectory. Specialty materials sales were $352 million, up 14% year-over-year versus our expectations of a mid-single digit increase. Net income of $51 million was also up year-over-year. We exceeded expectations due to strong sales of premium glasses, other Gorilla Glass innovations, and advanced optics products. We expect the global economic slowdown to reduce smartphone sales. In the first quarter, units were down 19%, as store closures and stay-at-home restrictions, particularly in China, impacted phone sales. Social distancing policies are now underway in many countries, so we expect these lower end market demand levels to continue in the second quarter. As countries begin to emerge from lockdowns, we expect to see increasing end market demand. Looking ahead, we expect our outperformance relative to the 2020 mobile consumer electronic market to come from further advancements and adoption of our premium glasses and our other innovations. In Life Sciences, first quarter sales were up 6% year-over-year to $258 million. Net income was $38 million. Life Sciences is being impacted by the prolonged closure of non-essential laboratories. However, this is somewhat offset by increased demand for consumables used in COVID-19 testing applications. As Wendell said, we are confident in the opportunities ahead for Life Sciences and Valor, especially as we prepare for upcoming vaccine demand. So, that is what we are seeing in each of our businesses. Clearly, the world and our outlooks have changed significantly. Anticipating lower sales, we are aggressively adjusting our operating plan and taking actions that will maintain our financial strength and result in positive free cash flow for the full year. We initiated actions in Q1 and we will continue in Q2. These actions fall into several broad categories: reducing production levels across all of our businesses, adjusting operating expenses with the majority of the savings realized in the second half, modifying inventory plans, and reducing capital expenditures. Our actions impacted gross margins in Q1, and we expect additional impact in Q2. Gross margin in the first quarter was 33.4% and below our expectations, driven by lower-than-expected volume in Environmental and the impact of lowering production across several businesses. Most of our businesses have high fixed costs. In fact, more than half of our manufacturing costs are fixed, and a significant portion of that is non-cash depreciation. This results in very high operating leverage. However, in times when volumes are dropping, our fixed costs do not change and the impact on our margins is significant. The impact is more dramatic when we are lowering inventory. In Q2, we will be further ramping down production and bringing down inventory. Therefore, we expect the Q2 gross margin percentage to be lower than Q1. So, our factory utilizations are low today. On the other hand, the capital is in place when sales growth returns. When this happens, gross margins will expand. Let's move to the balance sheet and our commitment to strong financial stewardship. We have under $70 million in debt due over the next two years and no year with more than $500 million due over the next 20 years. Our 20-year debt to EBIT ratio is 1.1 times, and that's outstanding. We expect to maintain a strong cash position and to maintain our dividend. As I previously mentioned, we expect to generate positive free cash flow for the year. We have paused share buybacks and do not expect to add material debt in 2020. To wrap up, we expect that continued economic uncertainty and related end-market weakness will affect most of our businesses. The current situation poses many unknowns for people, for families, for companies and for governments. What we know at Corning is that our underlying market drivers are intact and that we fully expect to return - to resume growth. And when the expected growth resumes, most of the capital is already in place. We're operating on the strong financial foundation we built under the strategy and capital allocation framework. And we're adjusting our operating plan and taking actions to position ourselves to come out of this slowdown even stronger. We certainly look forward to the end of this health crisis and the related hardships being experienced by so many people around the world. Until then, our priorities focus on Corning's stakeholders, as we maintain disciplined stewardship that will steer us back to growing sales and profitability. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tony. Okay, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Rod.
Rod Hall: Yes, hi guys. Thanks for the question. And let me just say, our thoughts are with you guys. It's difficult to run a business in an environment like this. So, let me start off, I guess, with one for Wendell, and then I'll jump on to one for Tony or Wendell, whoever wants to answer it. Wendell, there is an increased amount of discussion of onshoring. And I know there's been some movement toward potentially producing displays in the US. I just wonder if you could talk a little bit about your thoughts on where that debate is right now and how Corning's costs look in an onshoring environment? Would you need additional capital? I guess you might look to the governor for that etc. Just whatever color you can give in terms of your thinking there. And then, my second question relates to inventory and what you guys think is going on with both display and smartphone component inventory. Are people - we've heard that there is some inventory build out in the channel. Maybe if people worry that production would be affected on through the year by this and so on. So just curious what's going on with inventory levels out there? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. Well, first, Rod, thank you for your thoughts. With regards to onshoring, sort of - I think the priority set with policymakers is going to start with life science products. What they're trying to address is that a huge number of the active pharmaceutical ingredients that we use to preserve human health are manufactured overseas, often starting in China and India; so one of their top priorities is that as we seek to confront this particular health crisis that we build that infrastructure in the US. That is what you heard me talk about in my opening and it's where Valor begins to play a very large role, more to come on that topic. Next, in order would be the other critical parts of infrastructure. Of course, you have defense, which often - which already has significant onshoring implications to it, as does aerospace. But telecom is now increasingly becoming an issue. We already are built because of our value set to support all of our different customers regionally. I think display and consumer electronics will tend to fall relatively low on our societies around the world's priority list for critical infrastructure that governments want to control in their country or in to a particular trading block. So that's my current point of view on it. Of course, it's political. So, that is always subject to change as opposed to necessarily logic. Does that make sense, Rod?
Rod Hall: Yes, that's great, Wendell. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: On the inventory question, whenever you have situations where different elements of the supply chain can be shut down at different times, it makes calculation of value chain inventory quite challenging. So, what we do instead is, we're looking directly to the end market, Rod. And then, we're trying to use that to guide our internal operational thoughts around what we expect revenue will be in total for the year. And then, so to just work out the math that's in between. I'll be interested when you publish on your own thoughts around smartphone demand. You've been relatively accurate in the past.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay, thanks. And do you think, Wendell, there's anything to this idea that maybe people have built up more inventory in the channel, just thinking that they can't count on supply necessarily? Or do you think that's probably not such a big issue?
Wendell Weeks: Well, for sure, they're doing the behavior that you’re noticing. You see it in our numbers, Rod. You see the very strong revenue growth in our Gorilla business, right? And throughout this time period, we've been having very strong requests from our customers. But what you would have heard from us is that we'd say we wouldn't take a look directly at our revenues as being the most accurate view of what's going to happen in the end market. So I think without doubt that's happening. How big a deal it is totally depends on what happens as people emerge from shelter-in-place. For that, what we're looking to is what's happening in China. Because they are now earliest to sort of return. There's other countries like that throughout Asia where we're going to look at what's happening in those markets and use that to inform what it is we think will happen as other regions open up. So, without doubt, you're noticing something that is a true thing. How much of a problem is really the key thing to solve is what happens to demand?
Rod Hall: Great. Okay, thank you, Wendell.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. I just wanted to touch the display business a little bit. You mentioned the move from Korea to China and some potential disruptions as that happens in the 10.5 G plants' ramp. Can you talk a little bit about kind of the magnitude and the time frame for that period of this - maybe second related to that, once we're kind of much more China based in this part of the market, what do you think kind of the pricing or margin implications of this move will be and market share longer term as the supply chain moves more into the China business? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: I'll take the start of it and then Tony can add. So, with the shift from the Korean peninsula to China, as you heard from Tony, this was something we were anticipating. It's just happening faster than what we originally anticipated. So, what the interaction with our revenues will be is how fast the Korean peninsula turns down versus how rapidly the Gen 10.5 plants come up and in what order. Our current point of view is that it will play itself out so that we'll feel the pain this year as Korea will tune down a little faster given COVID-19 than our Gen 10.5 plants will come up. But then, we'll have a strong gain next year. In total, what will drive this thing is what happens to television demand, of course, right? But given that that plays out how we would expect, I think that will be the pattern of how it will play out in our numbers; a little bit of pain this year and a strong gain next year.
Tony Tripeny: And the only thing I would add to that is that essentially, you saw some of that happen in Q1 where the market sequentially grew a little bit and we were down a little bit, and that's really the explanation there. Not a surprise, it's as we guided. But it's a good example of what Wendell is - it's a good example of seeing what - playing out what Wendell just described.
Wendell Weeks: Did that address your question, Tim? Or did you have an additional one?
Tim Long: Yes, that's it. And just maybe if you can just - kind of the overall ASP dynamic will be once we're more China-based than Korea-based?
Tony Tripeny: I think from an ASP standpoint, we are very confident in our strategy that we have talked about in the past in terms of our price declines being moderate. This is already a global pricing market, and we've - for the three reasons that I mentioned and that really are - we still feel confident. And we don't think there's really a change relative to this shift.
Wendell Weeks: And if you're asking a more subtle question about generational mix pricing, I think that's a very astute question. And we like Gen 10.5, but I wouldn't let it overwhelm my analysis at this point. What I would really focus on is, what's going to happen with television demand in this economic and health cycle. If we get that right, then I think the business is going to continue to age gracefully and we'll continue to like it from a profitability and cash generation standpoint.
Tim Long: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Wendell, when you did the SCP transaction back in 2013, there was a long-term supply agreement that was struck between Corning and Samsung. What is the impact of the long-term supply agreement that you have with Samsung as Samsung winds down its LCD operations? And Tony, maybe any update on Samsung's intent on handling the convertible stock? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Why don't you start, and then I'll do the next on the convert? Or do you want me to do both?
Tony Tripeny: Go ahead.
Wendell Weeks: So, we have no new information on the convert. In my previous discussions with people who run Samsung, right from the very beginning, what they believed in was they have a deep understanding of our technology road map and they believe that in that road map and they want to be a long-term holder. We have had nothing that would change that. It didn't drive their investment, and it originally was display technology. It was the totality of the technology portfolio. And what they thought even was coming next for displays. Now, to the purchase, first on the long-term supply agreement, of course, it changes the - who do we sell our glass to, if they shut down their LCD plants in - or LCD panel making plants in Korea. And you'll see some of that in our financials. I think we had a write-off of about $100 million something.
Tim Long: Yes, that's right. If you look at our reconciliation from GAAP to core, there was about $105 million and that was - asset that was set up when we first did the transaction that was being amortized over the length of the contract. And so, that was written off in the quarter.
Wendell Weeks: If we take a look at the deal overall, sort of depending on how you would address what the original purchase price was and some of the original balance sheet moves, basically our acquisition of SCP, the entity now known as Corning Precision Materials, has already paid itself back two times or three times. So we feel really good about that transaction. I think where we're now - I think the key thing to focus on what Samsung is doing, because we've seen some reports that people don't totally understand what Samsung's plans are in the display area, so perhaps I can take a moment and discuss those. Basically, what they're exiting is just the manufacturing of LCD panels. They remain very dedicated to LCD TV. The problem they faced was simple, and it was accentuated by COVID-19 and the challenges that provides to the economy, which is, they have a lack of competitive cost position versus the Chinese Gen 10.5 plants, built with Chinese subsidized capital. So basically, it became - it's cheaper for them to source those panels rather than make them in Korea. It's not much more complicated than that. Instead, what they're going to turn their Korean resources towards is next-generation television and display technologies. You saw some of those recently be introduced at last Consumer Electronics, a Zero Bezel LCD TV that actually uses three pieces of glass; a quantum OLED TV, which combines quantum dot and OLED technology, which is a two-piece glass technology; micro LED technology, once again with some of our advanced glass technologies will be used; and continued emphasis on the polyimide OLED built on our glass substrates. So, our deep relationship with Samsung on display technology continues, in some ways accelerates. And we just have to follow their panel sourcing as it works its way around the globe. Was that helpful, sir?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, it is, Wendell. And just to follow up on Tony's comment on the $105 million in the quarter, you view that as a one-time or is there going to be additional impact in the subsequent quarters on that particular element? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: No, that's just one time.
Wamsi Mohan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I have two questions. First of all, Wendell, you’ve mentioned a couple of times antimicrobial coatings that are now being used. It sounds like more so, given some of the health crisis issues. Can you just give us a little more of a tutorial on the opportunities for that to be used as a surface coating in hospitals and other places? I think you've talked about that in the past. And then you mentioned sprays as well, and I'm not quite sure I understood that part. And then, I have a quick follow-up.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. What we call our Guardiant technology, which I think is what you're talking about, Steve, is we developed a number of years ago because we saw folks going into hospitals and basically getting sicker than what they came in with because of infections arising from viruses, bacterias, and spores. So what Guardiant is, is our answer to that. It is a copper-based solution where we capture a particular ionic state of copper in glass ceramic that we then turn into very small particles that can be used in paints, coatings, potentially fabrics, right, and plastics. So, what we are seeking to do with that is do two things at once. One, provide good antimicrobial and antiviral surfaces, but also because of the particular way in which this ionic form of copper kills, prevent the development of any form of superbugs. Now, as you would imagine, the introduction of such a technology needs to go through a number of regulatory barriers. We are approved for use under the EPA as an antifungal right now, but we're going to have to work our way through various regulatory agencies to be able to effectively make the claim that we can kill these coronaviruses. We are quite confident we can. Now, for countries who felt that very pressing health need like China in the Wuhan area, they leapt on the opportunity for us to be able to provide this to help in those new hospitals that they built. And we're just going to work our way through all the various regulatory agencies accordingly. Also in China, they had a sudden need for sprays, antiviral sprays. Now, things that they use in these sprays, they want to be - they tend to be a chemical production. We have a particularly modular, small, super safe way to produce those type products called advanced flow reactors that we manufacture in China. And so, that was the example that we talked about there. In general, as we look at what are the pressing needs for us all as a society to get a handle on this and potentially future pandemics, vaccinations are important, therefore pharmaceutical packaging. We believe smart surfaces make a lot of sense, and we're continuing to use our core technology to solve that problem. And then as well, there'll be all sorts of treatments and/or protective spray. When that happens, that could use some of our production capabilities that we have built for life sciences and also for small molecule chemistry, sir.
Steven Fox: That's really helpful. And then, just as a quick follow-up, Tony, you guys are withdrawing guidance, which obviously makes sense here. But you sounded confident about generating positive free cash flows for the year. Can you just sort of give us some sense for how we get to positive free cash flows given Q1 cash flows were negative? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, we're really focused on four areas of improvement; both in terms of from a cost standpoint and a lowering capital spending standpoint. And you know, that includes our cost at our manufacturing operations, but it also includes our operating expenses. And then, in addition to that, we're re-looking at our working capital, in particular, our inventory plans, and we're planning to also reduce that. So, when you add those four things together, that gives me pretty good confidence that we will be able to generate positive free cash flow for the year.
Steven Fox: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Please, go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you. And thank you for the opportunity. Just a quick question, the near-term spending by carriers and enterprises is obviously cloudy. But as we come out of the pandemic, do you see any structural changes in demand for 5G spend from the carriers relative to where it was pre the pandemic; where a lot of carriers seemed to be burdened with debts and certain capital allocation plans, etcetera? So, as we come out of that, are there any structural changes in demand that you're seeing for 5G spend from the carriers? And then, I just have another quick follow-up on free cash flow for Tony. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So Asiya, the way I would - A) it's early, okay. And you're seeing a number of things come up in the data, but it's too early to make any sort of conclusive statements. That being said, in general, what we're seeing - and then I'll get specific on 5G - in general, what we're seeing is, the way telecommunications companies work is because it's capital good, they build ahead of perceived demand. Depending on the company, they use different algorithms for how they figure it out but in general, they try to be about 18 months ahead of where they think demand will be. And that's the reason that the telecom network has held up pretty well as we face this surge in traffic, is - they basically went through that excess that they carry to prepare for the next 18 months. So, in general, what we're hearing from our customers is, assuming the human health crisis comes under management, that they believe they will continue to invest pretty strongly in infrastructure so that they can make sure that they re-establish that safety net. The real question is; what's baseline? Are we on a new baseline? If we're on a new baseline, then everybody's plans aren't aggressive enough. So, then it's more than just the catch-up of the period you went through, it's too early to tell that. On 5G, that will just be part of the overall mosaic of network solutions that gets played. If someone's primarily technological thrust was 5G, witness the major carriers that you can name, they will press on the accelerator for that. Now, I think one of the most interesting things that I've seen in terms of innovation because we were working super closely with them during this time, is their ability to do even things like fiber-to-the-home installations without going inside people's homes; it's been a tremendous amount of innovation around being able to do that, and I've been quite impressed with their installation teams and what they've done. So, I'm looking at this overall as reinforcing to us all how important telecommunications infrastructure is, but I don't know and I don't think it will trump various financial constraints that some carriers feel. But without doubt, it's made people believe that they need to have infrastructure.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you. And then, Tony, on the cash flow, I think you mentioned obviously positive free cash flow. And if I heard you correct, no new or no material debt raise to support your dividends. I just wanted to clarify that, given your dividend and sort of positive free cash flow generation expectations for the year that we wouldn't be raising any debt to support these dividends for the remainder of the year. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes, that's correct. I'm always interested in opportunities to take advantage of different markets that we participate in, like in China. And as you - when you see the cash flow statement, you'll see we raised a little bit of debt in China, which is great because it's a natural hedge for all of our businesses in China. And if I could raise more money in Japan, I would at least take a look at that. But we don't really - that - we don't - we are not counting on that on a going-forward basis in the projections that I gave.
Asiya Merchant: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please, go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. On Optical, you noted the installation challenges with the telco customers. But just, what have you seen from kind of your cloud or hyperscale customers as far as order continuity and was there any upside there? And then, maybe second question, just - I would expect most of your facilities are being the central businesses, but just given the adaptations to production, are there any areas of the business where you're concerned about production continuity or supply constraints? That's it. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Hi, Meta. So, on cloud, they're in a little bit different situation, in some ways similar, in some ways different than the telecom carriers. And different ones are playing different ways. Like telecom carriers, they try to be able to hold enough capacity to handle peak demands. So - and there has been an enormous surge of cloud usage here, and that is being absorbed up. At the same time, those are enclosed facilities, and some of the cloud carriers have decided to basically go on lockdown and not allow new materials to come in or installation crews to come in. So, that has provided some downward momentum, just like it's done in some of the carriers giving installation pieces. I think in general, we would anticipate as - around the globe, and we're seeing it - as those rules relax, as the human health crisis feels like it's under more management, then we'll see some of that return to normal order patterns. I think in telecom, the area where it is most difficult to figure out how it will play out will be the impact on small and medium businesses and their particular LAN networks and what demand they need for that. I think all that's ahead of us. But for base cloud and telecom, they're seeing the reinforcement of their business model, and everyone that I talked to, at least, continues to believe that we need for long-term investment. So far, we've been able to maintain our business community - our business continuity at an outstanding level and have managed to do that and delight our customers. It will continue to be something that we - that garners a lot of our attention because as they do things like restart automotive plants, we're experiencing worlds where - situations that there's not a lot of experience in. I mean, restarting economies and whole plants and knowing what the safe return to work, this is going to continue to challenge supply chains. So, so far so good, but historical performance does not necessarily guarantee future performance here.
Meta Marshall: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Please, go ahead.
Joseph Cardoso: Thank you for the question, guys. This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik Chatterjee. Just one question for me. As for your operating plans, you highlighted reducing capital expenditures. Could you remind me of your maintenance CapEx level and whether you guys think this type of macro backdrop calls for Corning to operate close to those levels?
Tony Tripeny: Well, from a maintenance CapEx standpoint, somewhere in the $800 million to $1 billion range, I think as we look at our capital for the rest of the year, in Q1, we were finishing up a number of projects and that's why the capital was at the level it was. It will be a little bit less - somewhat less in Q2, and then in the back half of the year, will be less than that. So, we're seeing the trajectory from a capital spending standpoint to go down as we go through the year. And it is one of the four things that we're focused on in terms of making sure that we have positive operating cash flow this year.
Joseph Cardoso: And if I could, just one follow-up. Relative to Samsung exiting the LCD manufacturing business, or panel business, do you guys have any indication relative to the cadence of the de-ramp by Samsung as we go through the year?
Wendell Weeks: Yes, we do. But it wouldn't be appropriate for me to share that.
Joseph Cardoso: Okay, no problem. Can't blame you [ph]. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question…
Ann Nicholson: I think there is time for one. Yes, go ahead. I think this is the last one.
Operator: Okay, great. Thank you. And the last question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please, go ahead.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. Wendell, I wanted to ask about the organizational changes you made. Maybe you could talk a bit more about what drove that, any changes that are being made in decision-making or customer relationships. Just provide a little bit more color on those shifts. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Shannon. Three things drove it. First, our portfolio work has been successful, serving our customer base with products and inventions from many of our different divisions. And it has been successful enough now that rather than just count on sort of the soft systems we've used to do something like auto, where we did our environmental products, now we're seeing adoption of our different glass products and potentially some of our advanced sensor products and some of our advanced display products. We have used that primarily in our soft systems to be - those customers know us well and to be able to bring together our capabilities; it's been successful enough now but instead we're going to start to put in hard systems in May, market access platform leaders [ph], which we fund, to be able to run that customer interface and our strategies to serve those platforms going forward. The second thing we sought to do was improve our operational excellence across an increasingly complicated global set of operations, and that's why we have named Eric as our COO. The third and final reason is, we have very talented next generation of leaders that we're able to push in more senior spots and get more experience, show their great leadership skills as they will be the ones that will carry us into the next 169 years.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you very much.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Shannon. Thank you, Wendell, and thank you all for joining us today. Before we close, I just wanted to let you know that we're going to attend the JP Morgan Global Technology, Media and Communications Conference on May 13, and Bank of America Global Technologies Conference on June 2. Both will be virtual conferences. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Operator, that concludes our call. Please, disconnect our lines.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, and welcome to Corning's fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you, that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast and we encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. This morning we reported fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. For the fourth quarter sales were $2.9 billion, net income was $406 million and EPS was $0.46. For the full year, sales increased 2% to $11.7 billion, net income was $1.6 billion and EPS was $1.76. While our 2019 growth did not meet our long-term targets, we once again outperformed our underlying markets. We grew Environmental sales 16%, while car sales were down. We grew Specialty Materials sales 8%, while smartphone units were down. In Life Sciences, we exceeded industry growth on the strength of new products for bioprocess and advanced cell culture. In Display, our glass volume grew mid-single digits, while TV unit sales were down, and in Optical, we outperformed the passive optical market, which declined a high-single digit percentage. Changing market and customer dynamics impacted our 2019 performance significantly. Corning entered 2019, building on two years of strong growth, and that growth continued in the first half with sales up 11% and EPS up 24% year-over-year. In the second half, a supply chain correction in the Display industry and weakness in the Optical market, highlighted by capital spending reductions at two of our significant customers, led to declines in Display Technologies and Optical Communications. While we acted quickly to mitigate lower than expected second half demand in Display and Optical, we did not fully overcome these challenges. As a result, our second half sales were down versus 2018 and as our volume decreased, factory utilization declined and so did our profitability, especially gross margin. We're confident that the situations in Display and Optical Communications are temporary, and we expect the company to return to sales and profit growth in the second half. In Display, we see indicators that the supply chain correction has ended and we expect normal seasonality to resume with the majority of volume and growth in the second half. We also plan to start production at our next Gen 10.5 plants, which will support faster than market growth as the plant's ramp. In Optical, we expect year-over-year growth in the second half, driven by projects for 5G, fiber-to-the-home and hyperscale data center deployments. We expect these higher volumes to increase factory utilization and support higher profitability and we expect to benefit from the recent and ongoing cost actions in Optical Communications and Display. Tony will provide additional segment details and I will focus on our overall progress and outlook. 2019 was challenging from a financial perspective, but we remain committed to our new Strategy & Growth Framework introduced last year. Our new framework is the evolution of our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework, which we successfully completed last year. Building on the strong foundation of our original framework, we made excellent progress on many strategic initiatives during the year. We made commercial and regulatory progress on Valor. We opened a dedicated factory for our burgeoning auto interiors glass business and grew our order book significantly. Display pricing remained moderate and we advanced several compelling innovations in Gorilla Glass and Optical Communications. We met or exceeded all of the goals of our 2016 to 2019 Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework, including returning more than $12.5 billion to shareholders over four years through share repurchases and a 67% dividend per share increase, all while creating a better, stronger, more resilient company. Under our new Strategy & Growth Framework, we expect to continue capturing significant organic growth and creating additional value for shareholders. From 2020 to 2023, we expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual sales growth and 12% to 15% compound annual EPS growth; expand operating margin and return on invested capital, invest between $10 billion and $12 billion with a focus on organic growth. And return $8 billion to $10 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. How do we plan to achieve these goals? We are targeting an incremental $3 billion to $4 billion in annual sales along with improved profitability by the end of 2023, driven primarily by our strategy to create and sell into new product categories that enhance our customers' offerings. As I've said before, we're not just counting on everybody buying more stuff. We're putting more Corning into the products that people already buy. This provides a mechanism for us to grow even in challenging environments. We saw that happen during 2019 in Environmental, Specialty Materials and Life Sciences as I outlined earlier. In short, a big part of Corning's story over the next four years is a content story, and we expect to see it across the company. Let's look at how we advanced our strategy in each market access platform in the fourth quarter and for the full year. In Optical Communications, we are currently feeling the impact of capital spending reductions in both the carrier and enterprise markets. We expect recovery, driven by 5G, fiber-to-the-home and hyperscale data center deployments. Our goals in Optical Communications are to advance our product portfolio and align costs with demand in the near-term. We're making progress in both areas. From a product perspective, in 2019, we continue to transform the way the world connects by enabling 5G solutions with industry leaders. New collaborations with Intel and Verizon demonstrate our commitment to helping our customers increase efficiency and address the challenges of new network deployment. We also extended our leadership in data centers as Altice Portugal, the country's largest provider of telecommunication services selected our EDGE product. EDGE provides the increased speed, power and capacity needed to withstand future pressure on servers and network capabilities. EDGE has been playing a vital role in our continued success in enterprise, it's been deployed in 30 countries, used in 50,000 installations and has received 10 global awards since its introduction. Stepping back, the long-term trend in Optical is strongly positive due to the benefits of photons replacing electrons in network after network, and we're uniquely situated to enable that shift. But it's not always a smooth line. As one network or segment upgrades to Optics, there can be a pause before the next one begins. That pause is where we are right now. So, we're aligning capacity and inventory to current market demand. We’ve idled equipment and reduced headcount and we're delaying capital investments. In the long-term because of our leadership, we are positioned to continue putting more Corning solutions into every network that is built. We will return to growth as the inevitable Optical trend continues. Turning to Mobile Consumer Electronics. We're making significant progress on our goal of doubling sales. Since 2016, we've added $500 million in sales on a base of $1.1 billion. We grew sales 42% cumulatively, while smartphone unit sales did not grow. In 2019, we bolstered the presence of Corning content on and in mobile devices with amplify screen protectors, decorative backs and durable solutions for wearables. Apple announced that it is awarding $250 million from its advanced manufacturing fund to Corning, building on the $200 million we received from Apple's fund in 2017. Both investments support Corning's state-of-the-art glass processes, equipment and materials integral to the delivery of next-generation consumer devices. In 2019, as one of our prominent customers noted, we took a major step forward in state-of-the-art cover glass. In 2020, we will continue to advance and introduce new glasses, and we are confident that the adoption of our technologies will enable us to our sales goals, so stay tuned. Moving to the Automotive market, our goal is to double sales by 2023. In 2019, we ran production capacity in Hefei, China to meet committed demand for both our auto glass solutions and our gasoline particulate filter products. We are well on our way to building a $500 million plus GPF business by 2023. Sales in 2019 exceeded $250 million, and in 2019 Automotive Glass Solutions deliver the industry's first AutoGrade Gorilla Glass for 2D and 3D interiors along with Corning's patented ColdForm Technology. Earlier this month, we announced collaborations with industry leaders across the auto ecosystem including Visteon, LGE, BOE and VIA Optronics. We are beginning mass production and have built an order book worth several hundred million dollars, with nearly half of that book under contract. In Life Sciences Vessels, we reached several exciting milestones in 2019. We exceeded $1 billion in sales in our Life Sciences segment as adoption of our industry-leading bioprocess and advanced cell culture products continues, driving our organic growth rate 7%. And we continue to build momentum for Valor Glass. We signed commercial agreements with three leading pharmaceutical companies and received FDA approval for use of Corning Valor Glass as a primary package for a marketed drug product. These major milestones validate our strategy to build a long-term multi-billion dollar franchise as we create a new standard in pharmaceutical glass packaging. In Display, our goal is to stabilize returns. The market continues to shift to large size TVs, which are most efficiently produced by our customers on Gen 10.5 fabs. Our leadership in Gen 10.5 glass supports medium and longer-term volume growth. In 2019, we continued to increase output at our first Gen 10.5 plant. In 2020, we plan to ramp additional Gen 10.5 capacity in tandem with our customers. And 2019 was a great year for display glass pricing. We saw low-single digit percentage price declines for the full year, which was even more moderate than anticipated. And we expect a moderate pricing environment again in 2020. You can see that across our markets, our strategic investments are well aligned with major trends and our relationships with industry-leading customers are creating new opportunities. We've got the structural steel in place. Our strategy is sound. We're advancing growth in each of our market access platforms and we will overcome the challenges in Display and Optical. In 2020, three operational priorities drive our focus; successfully ramping our next Gen 10.5 plants; aligning cost and capacity to current demand; and commercializing innovations to support our customers. Execution against these priorities will create the momentum needed to achieve our strategy and growth framework goals. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for more details.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. In the fourth quarter, we delivered on sales and EPS expectations. Sales in each of our businesses performed at or above expectations and we generated over $1 billion in adjusted operating cash flow. We accelerated actions in Optical Communications to align production output and working capital to current customer demand. This impacted gross margin, which was below our fourth quarter guidance. For the full year as expected sales and profitability were down due to the challenges in Display and Optical Communications. While we also faced challenges in other markets, it's important to note that Specialty Materials, Environmental Technologies and Life Sciences powered through and grew sales. As we turn to 2020, we expect continued strong growth in all three of these businesses. We also expect Display and Optical sales and profitability to grow year-over-year beginning in the second half. As a result, we expect margins and profitability for the corporation to improve in the second half of the year. Now, before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the largest difference between our GAAP and core results are related to charges associated with capacity realignment in Display and Optical Communications and at our equity venture Hemlock Semiconductor. Other differences between our GAAP and core results come from a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts and a change in our tax reserves. Now, with respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earning translations, hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded a current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this impacted GAAP earnings in quarter four by $59 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than five years ago. Now shifting to results, fourth quarter sales were $2.9 billion, net income was $406 million and EPS was $0.46. For the full year, sales were up 2% to $11.7 billion, net income was $1.6 billion and EPS was $1.76. Now, let's look at the detailed segment results and outlook. In Display Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $795 million and net income was $180 million. Q4 glass prices declined slightly sequentially as expected. Our fourth quarter volume was up low-single digit sequentially, better than expected. Display’s full year sales were $3.3 billion and net income was $786 million. Our full year 2019 price decline was a low-single digit percentage. Retail demand in 2019 was strong. Our preliminary view with most, but not all of the data in is that retail display area increased mid-single digits in 2019, driven by TV screen size growth. Last month glass market volume was up low-single digits, less than retail as set makers took a conservative stance in the back half of the year due to macro uncertainty. This conservatism drove panel maker utilization reductions and led to a supply chain correction. We believe that supply chain inventory exiting 2019 is healthy, and we think the correction is largely behind us. Full year 2019 – for full year 2019, our glass volume was up mid-single digits, outperforming overall glass market driven by our increased Gen 10.5 output during the year. The glass market shipped more volume in the first half than the second half, due to the supply chain correction and so, did we. The lower shipments in the second half reduced our gross margin. For 2020, we again expect the retail market measured in square feet to be up by a mid-single digit percentage driven by TV screen size growth. And given that the supply chain is now at a healthier inventory level, we expect the glass market to increase in the mid-single digits and for our volume growth to be similar to the overall glass market. In the first quarter, we expect the glass market to be up low-single digit sequentially as panel maker utilization increases. We expect our volume to be down low-single digit sequentially underperforming the glass market because of a structural shift in the Korean panel market. Up until two years ago, South Korea was the leading provider of panels. Korean panel makers are going through structural changes that will reduce their capacity significantly as the global center of panel making moves to China. This reduction impacts our shipments in Korea. In the second half of 2020, we expect to grow faster than the glass market as our new Gen 10.5 tanks in China fire up and absorb the panel demand that is shifting from South Korea. Given Corning's leadership with three of the four planned Gen 10.5 fabs, we expect the benefit from this regional shift. We expect more normal seasonality in 2020 and from almost all of our year-over-year volume growth to incur in the second half. As our volume increases, we expect our margins to improve. Turning to pricing, we expect Q1 sequential glass price declines to be moderate. For 2020, with over 95% of our volume under contract, we expect full year price declines to be at mid-single digit percentage. We reached our goal of mid-single digit year-over-year declines in the second half of 2018 and had even more favorable changes for several subsequent quarters. More recently as just discussed, the panel industry is working through a fundamental restructure of capacity migrating from Korea to China. The fact that we continue to have moderate price declines, while these changes are happening is positive. We believe that three factors continue to drive the favorable glass pricing environment we've been experiencing. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced with demand or even tight. For Corning, we are aligning our capacity with demand. We are also pacing our Gen 10.5 capital projects to align with panel makers’ schedules. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Glass prices must support acceptable returns on those investments. Now to recap Display, the industry is emerging from a temporary supply chain correction. Retail remained strong with the increase in TV screen size, continuing to drive glass volume growth, we are well positioned with our customers and successfully ramping new Gen 10.5 facilities, and we expect to return to year-over-year growth in volume, margins and profitability in the back half of the year. In Optical Communications, fourth quarter sales were $903 million and net income was $62 million. Profitability was impacted by lower volume and reduced production output to bring down inventory. For the full year, sales were $4.1 billion, down 3% in a market that declined by a high- single digit percentage. Net income declined 17% to $489 million. In 2020, sales increased 13% year-over-year in the first half and declined 16% in the back half. The lower volume in the back half negatively impacted sales, margins and profitability. Nearly 90% of the second half year-over-year decline can be explained by changes in spending by two large customers. A large carrier completed its fiber-to-the-home build and redirected capital to pay down its debt. A hyperscale data center customer concluded a period of unusually intense building. We have excellent relationships with these customers and continue to co-innovate with them. We expect our sales to increase at both companies as they spend more on Optical passes. In 2020, we expect year-over-year sales to be down 5% to 10% as the lower level of sales we experienced in the second half of 2019 continues throughout the first half of 2020, and we expect first quarter sales to be down about 25% versus the strong project spending in Q1 of 2019. In the back half of 2020, we expect year-over-year growth in sales and profits to resume, driven by projects for 5G, fiber-to-the-home and hyperscale data center deployments. Now, the exact timing of these projects is hard to predict. If they proceed as expected, we’ll be in the upper range of our guidance. If the projects start later, we’ll be at the lower end of the range. When year-over-year growth occurs, our factories will fill and our margins and profitability will improve. We are working closely with our customers and we'll keep you informed as the year progresses. Stepping back, we are innovating to improve network speed, cost and capacity. We also continue to receive confirmation that Optical is essential for 5G and hyperscale, and to secure long-term agreements with major industry players, all of which sustains our confidence in our ability to deliver long-term growth. In Environmental Technologies, fourth quarter sales were $374 million, up 17% year-over-year and ahead of expectations. Continued adoption of gasoline particulate filters drove the growth. Net income was $64 million, driven by strong operational performance and successful ramping of additional GPF capacity in China. For the full year, sales were $1.5 billion, up 16%. Net income was $263 million. 2019 GPF sales exceeded $250 million and we are well on our way to building a greater than $500 million gasoline particulate filter business. With our market-leading product, we continue to earn a majority position globally as automakers award platforms to make Euro 6 and China 6 regulations. Sales are accelerating as Euro 6 regulations are in full effect and automakers are preparing for China 6 implementation in 2020. Our Hefei plant startup is ahead of schedule and has been key to delivering incremental sales and net income. We expect continued growth. Looking to 2020, despite continued weakness in the global auto markets and the expected downturn in the North America heavy duty market, we once again expect to grow year-over-year, with sales up in the mid-single digits in the first quarter and for the full year. We expect GPF sales to exceed $350 million for the year. Specialty Materials ended 2019 strong, driven by demand for our premium glasses. Fourth quarter sales were $453 million, up 14% year-over-year and net income was $94 million. Full year sales were $1.6 billion, up 8% year-over-year and grew for the fourth straight year, despite essentially flat smartphone unit volume. Net income was $302 million. Similar to 2019, we expect our growth in 2020 to come from further advancement and adoption of our premium glasses, as well as our additional innovations for Mobile Consumer Electronics. We expect Specialty Materials sales to be up by a high-single digit percentage for the full year. We expect Q1 sales to be up a mid-single digit percentage year-over-year. Life Sciences also ended the year strong, exceeding expectations with fourth quarter sales of $256 million, an increase of 8% year-over-year. Net income was $38 million, up 31% year-over-year. For the full year, the business reached the milestone of – with sales of $1 billion, a 7% increase year-over-year. Net income was a $150 million, up 28% year-over-year. For 2020, our market outlook and customer demand remained positive, and we expect growth to continue, with full year sales up mid-single digits. In the first quarter, we also expect sales to be up mid-single digits year-over-year. Now let's turn to the consolidated results and outlook. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $1.1 billion. As we said in October, we expected to reduce working capital in the second half. We did reduce working capital in Q3 and again in Q4. Full year adjusted operating cash flow was $2.1 billion and CapEx was just under $2 billion. We are taking actions that will result in stronger operating cash flow and lower capital spending in 2020. We expect CapEx to be approximately $1.5 billion for the year. Gross margin in the fourth quarter was 37%. Gross margin was impacted by the lower volume and reduced production output to bring down inventory in Display and Optical Communications. In the first half of 2019, gross margin was 40%, in the back half of the year as Display and Optical Communications volumes declined, gross margin also declined to 38%. In the first half of 2020, we expect Display and Optical volumes to remain low impacting our gross margin percent. We expect volume in Display and Optical Communications to grow sequentially and year-over-year in the second half. When that happens, gross margin should improve to approximately 40%. In the first quarter, we expect sales to be seasonally lower than the fourth quarter and gross margin to be the lowest for the year, down 100 basis points to 150 basis points from the fourth quarter. We expect gross margin dollars and percentage to increase sequentially thereafter. Moving on to the rest of our P&L. As a percent of sales, we expect SG&A and RD&E to be nearly 14% and approximately 8.5% respectively for the full year. In addition, we expect other income, other expense to be approximately $275 million in 2020. Full year gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $170 million, down $67 million from the prior year. The expected decline in 2020 is due to lower expected sales at our Hemlock Semiconductor JV. Most of Hemlock Semiconductor’s business is under long-term take-or-pay contracts, which include upfront cash payments. In the fourth quarter of 2019, similar to prior years, Hemlock settled some of their solar customer contracts. The settlements positively impacted their 2019 cash flow and reduced expectations for future sales in the solar segment. Hemlock took a charge related to realigning capacity to the lower sales level. The business remains quite profitable selling primarily semiconductor products, which are supported by Hemlock's quality leadership and long-term take-or-pay contracts. We expect our effective tax rate for 2020 to be approximately 20% to 21%. Now, before I close, I know there are a lot of questions on the impact of the coronavirus on Corning. The safety and well-being of our people is our number one priority. We are in close contact with our employees, customers and suppliers, and we are engaging with governments and health services organizations as we monitor the situation, at the same time, we have not factored any meaningful operational or financial impact in our guidance, the situation remains fluid and as more information becomes available. We will update you accordingly. In closing, we expect 2020 to be in many ways the mirror image of 2019. We believe that the first half will remain challenging as markets and customer dynamics reflect. We expect the first half will remain challenging as market and customer dynamics reflect what we've seen over the last six months. And in the second half, we expect to return to growth in Display and Optical Communications improved and a strong growth continues in Environmental, Specialty Materials and Life Sciences. As this happens, we expect the company to return to grow to growing sales and profitability as we saw in the first half of 2019. Overall, Corning is operating on a strong foundation that we've built over the past four years and we continue to make progress in key areas, as evidenced by our ongoing customer announcements. We are confident in our ability to achieve the objectives we laid out in our 2020 to 2023 Strategy & Growth Framework. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. Okay, Steve, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: Yes, thanks for the question. A couple of quick ones. So, on Display pricing I wanted to start off, Tony and Wendell to whoever wants to answer this, on the movement of pricing through 2020 understand that the mid-single digit declines are being driven by the movement from Korea to China. But could you talk us through more of that dynamic? What is driving that? Are you assisting that movement with your own pricing or is there a mix of factor or something like that. And then could you also talk about the timing of that is the first half pricing view that we're going to see different from the second half in Display? And then I also wanted to just quickly ask you about Optical. I know Jeff's been working on modeling that. And it sounds like you feel like you've got some better visibility. I'm just wondering on the low end of that guide, are you – do you think you are adequately cautious. I guess the answer is, yes, but how do you have any confidence in engaging the risk on Optical? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: All right. Rod, Let me first start with the pricing answer. I mean, as you know, most of our contracts get put in place in the fourth quarter and the seasonally the largest price decline that we have in any quarters in the first quarter and that is the case here too, and we expect more moderate price declines as items move out throughout the year. I think from a Korea standpoint, I think what's important to highlight here is that there is just a lot of change going on in the industry. I think Korea capacity is going to be down around 40% on a year-over-year basis. So that's a pretty significant decline from a pricing standpoint or from a capacity standpoint. And has that capacity comes offline, it shows back up in China. So, as we see our year flow out, we're going to see less volume – a little bit less volume in the market in the first half of the year and more volume in the back half of the year. And so, I think that that's a trend that's been going on and that's a trend that we really see the impact on 2020.
Wendell Weeks: I think if we just think through Display. First, I think you've got it right. Rod, on that, just the way in which we do our contracts sort of the pattern of price through the year in a little more weighted earlier in the year than later. I think what Tony was trying to get across is, if you take a look at the Korean market or the Korean production and their share of the overall world market, just two years ago they were the largest producer of large size panels in the world. And what's happening is Gen 10.5 plants in LCD are to so much lower cost and you're seeing sort of the China industrial policy of that capital being underwritten to China, that is giving our Korean customers a challenge to how do they compete when they haven’t made that investment in Gen 10.5. So, you're just seeing a pretty natural switch begin and what Tony was talking about was that we've seen announcements out of the Koreans that over time you're going to see about a 40% reduction in their capacity, it won't all happen this year, but over that time period and you're just going to see that shift towards China and the Gen 10.5 plants. Now, when that shifts, there are players at the glass level who are better or worse positioned in that. We are extremely well positioned in that, but the overall industry structure just sort of has to move with that dislocation and so, the fact that we are able to maintain such really good strong pricing performance in the face of this level of announcements for folks, I think is what Tony is getting at is why we feel that's really good news for the pricing environment. And then just sort of the – that is since we're so well positioned in China, we'll just see that progress that he talked about in the back half just continue to accelerate through time
Rod Hall: And Wendell, Can I just ask you, do you guys think that this year is the year that all this kind of, is this play out this year and the next year things go back to more of a normal trajectory or do you think this is a multiyear kind of transition and it will continue next year to be strange?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I think you're going to see the bulk of it happen with the – this year with just the fact that how clear the Korean panel makers have become just on their future. We always anticipated, much like we move from Japan to Taiwan and Korea happened that and then we prepositioned for that, that we see this move to China. I think this year what was surprising to everybody in the industry is, as we went through this last supply chain correction is that the Chinese players continue to produce pretty strongly and pretty aggressive pricing for panels and this made the Korean customers sharply act, and sort of implement sort of some the long-term strategy thought they had in nearer term. And they're just focusing their guns on next-gen innovations for their Korean-based panel capacity. And while they’re set - arms are sourcing more and more out of the Chinese panel makers. So, our view that the bulk of this move has been announced we’ll feel the industry will continue to feel its aftereffects. It's pretty big change. But I think the bulk of it going to be behind us this year [indiscernible].
Rod Hall: Okay, thank you. And Optical visibility?
Tony Tripeny: Yes, I think from an Optical visibility standpoint as you're right, Jeff and his team have been doing a lot of work, relative to what the future especially in the near-term looks like over the next year or so. And we've tried to integrate that work along with what we know from a business standpoint and what our customers are telling us. And the range is really informed by both of us – both of that work. I mean, at the minus 5% of the range, that's an indication that we've got certain customer projects and we're following those closely and if that happens, we'll be closer to that and at the lower end of the range, the minus 10%, that would be reflective of what some of those projects actually get themselves pushed out. So, I mean, that's how we've done the work and clearly, we've really focused on getting better at that over the last six months.
Rod Hall: Okay, great, thank you guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Wamsi Mohan, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you can maybe talk a little bit about your plans to use this capacity is going to be stranded in LCD in Korea. What timeframe can or should we expect asset redeployment and that to show up in your financial results? And I have a follow-up.
Wendell Weeks: So we – basically we've already done most of that. Korea is a low-cost production facility for us. So, what we are doing and what we've been planning for is to continue to use that as a strong melting source for full sheet to feed some of our finishing operations in China. So, therefore the main piece that we'll see will be on that part of the plants, which is where we finished the glass cut it into the right sizes. So that's where we’ll primarily see that. We've made those adjustments. We have to continue to work our way through just sort of what's the appropriate way is to work our way through all the workforce implications and we're continuing to do that. But remember, so much of our higher cost capacity in Display, we have evolved to play into our Gorilla plays, right, and in Korea as well, we've taken a hunk of their panel making production and instead put that in the Gorilla. So, this is all playing out on our long-term planning. It's just, it's happening at a little more accelerated fashion, Wamsi.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thank you, Wendell. And just as a follow-up, there was obviously a meaningful step down here in your CapEx plans for this year. How should we think about sort of the next couple of years, given what we know about the demand environment here, is this sort of a level that we should expect that we can sustain over a couple of year timeframe or is this something that, given the market conditions and given sort of the more elevated CapEx levels over the last couple of years that this is sort of more of a one-time. How should we think about this CapEx levels over the next few years. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Wamsi, as you know, our CapEx is really kind of divided into two different pieces, one is what it takes to kind of sustain and continue to improve our businesses and then the second is what it takes to build and grow the businesses, especially as we get new customer demand. And so, what always going to matter in the longer-term is how much additional customer demand and commitments do we get. And then what is going to drive as far as capital spending. Now of course, once we start those projects, it takes a couple of years for the – for both the sales and the revenues to show up. And if you think back on to IR Day, I think Jeff, did a good description of that. But I think as we look at in 2020, there are certain projects that we’re finishing up with customer demand that will drive growth in 2021 and 2022. And exactly what we'll spend in 2021 and 2022 will just depend on how our innovations continue to evolve and how much customer commitment we get there. So overall, we said we'd spend $6 billion to $8 billion and I think these numbers are really consistent with that.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think the way to think about the timing is, we've got now sort of the bulk of the investment that we need to deliver the revenue and earnings growth that we laid out on our Strategy & Growth Framework.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, thank you for the context. That's helpful.
Wendell Weeks: And they only thing now, we told to is what happens in the period after that and then how much strong demand will we see then, and then we'll just have to start early because it takes a while to build those facilities. So, that's a little bit far out in the future for us to be able to dial-up exactly. And as we get closer to it, we'll be a lot more clear with you, sir.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Meta Marshall, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. I wanted to dig a little bit into kind of the growth in Specialty Materials next year. And just, it seems as if just get a sense of how much of that is just from newer generations of Gorilla Glass versus kind of a new use cases. And then maybe second, just a little bit of a description of kind of what is the difference between core and non-core gross margins, kind of backing out one-time effects that impacted in Q4 and just how that carries forward to Q1 would be helpful. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Well, why don't I start with that, I think that there is – as we do the various restructuring actions, some of that shows up into the gross margin and since that is in part of our ongoing operations that ends up in our GAAP results, but not in our core results. We did a number of things during the quarter, in particular in Optical Communications and in our Display business, and those are one-time charges and that's where you see that.
Wendell Weeks: And in Specialty, the bulk of our financial drivers are the new generations of glass. But we will also see some revenue growth out of our new innovation sets that are non-glass especially our group of very durable optical treatments. And that has a little bit lower gross margin percent then glass, but clearly this next year we're counting on our glass innovations to get adopted and that providing strong growth in an overall unit growth market, which we are not anticipating to grow strongly.
Meta Marshall: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Samik Chatterjee, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking the question. If I can just start-off on Environmental Technologies and going to be, if you can talk to the – what are you expecting? What's the driver for the moderation in growth that you're expecting from the teens growth rate you had this year in 2019 to more of a mid-single digit in 2020. Is that kind of content moderation on automotive or is that more driven by the diesel segment, which obviously has a more challenging outlook, I believe?
Tony Tripeny: It is mostly driven by the change in the diesel segment. GPF we feel continues to be very strong and we expect sales to be up a $100 million in 2020. They were up more than that in 2019, but we're well on our way to the $0.5 billion goal that we set out for this business, where we are clearly the market leader and continue to have great success.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay, thank you.
Wendell Weeks: In the diesel segment, you're going to see us – because you're going to see the North American heavy-duty diesel market, as you'll see from talking to our customers that we expect to go through down cycle here, but we are replacing that with our gains as the Chinese adopt some of our new tech and there diesel market. So that's why I've sort of moderating.
Samik Chatterjee: And Tony, if you can quickly clarify what's driving the confidence in improving cash flow in 2020 versus 2019 when the outlook on the profitability or profit side seems to be more kind of flat to down modestly.
Tony Tripeny: So, there is a couple of things there. I mean I think the first thing is that in 2019, we built a lot of working capital. Now we always build inventory and working capital as we expect businesses to grow, but obviously compared to the first part of the year, our businesses didn't grow as much. So there is, we wouldn't be growing as much working capital in 2020 as we did in 2019. And then the second thing is, in the back half of the year, we do expect to see growth on a year-over-year basis and I think that will help us from a cash flow standpoint. And then of course, finally, we are going to also reduce our capital spending compared to what we spent in 2019. So from an overall standpoint, we expect our free cash flow to be much greater than it was this year.
Samik Chatterjee: All right, thank you. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Steven Fox of Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. I had a question – a couple of questions on Optical actually. First of all, I was curious on your view on the, just the industry supply situation. My understanding is that, there is quite a bit of excess capacity in China for fiber and cable. I understand you cannot move seamlessly across the globe. But it seems to be making its way into Europe, are you guys factoring in any of those any of that excess supply into your model, should we be concerned about pricing pressure risks as the year goes on. And then I have follow-up.
Wendell Weeks: I think on that one, Steve. Where you’re seeing that to the extent that is going to impact us, is already in our financials. The actual level of excess inventory in China has been trending down, there is still some to come. I think how rapidly the Chinese market tightens up will depend a lot on this upcoming tender, it will see out of China Mobile. We anticipate that is part of this, they will lay forward a little more clearly what their 5G plans are and therefore what they'll need to densify that network. If that comes out with a very aggressive set of 5G builds, then the China market itself will tighten up very significantly. If it's not quite as aggressive, we'll just have a little bit longer-tail. We think we've got the bulk of that in these numbers.
Steven Fox: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks for that. And then just in terms of the Optical margins. I guess the rough math is you did about 9% pre-tax margins this quarter, which is about half of what you are doing a few quarters ago. So, I guess maybe just I think I understand the walk from 18% to 9%, but if there is anything you want to point out there. But more importantly when you get to the second half of the year, if you're executing or demand is where you think it's going to be, are the 18% margins reasonable or should we think about that is taking a little longer to come back? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, our margins in this business and its Display are all about volume and we had significant decline in volume in the back half of last year, 16% on a year-over-year basis and that really impacts our factory utilizations and the like and that clearly causes our margins to go down. And we do expect to return to growth in the back half of 2020 and when that happens, we get both the benefit of that volume. But of course, we've also done some cost reductions during that period of time. So we expect, from an overall company standpoint, we'd get back to the 40% gross margins and Optical both Optical and Display would also get back to where they were before.
Steven Fox: Great, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Asiya Merchant of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you for taking my questions. Lot of them have been answered, but just had a quick question on Specialty Materials, knowing that this primarily goes into a lot of smartphones. We're starting to see smartphones inflect to growth this year, calendar 2020 driven by 5G models, etcetera. The growth rate that you talked about should we expect some inflection there? I think you're guiding for growth rate to be similar to what it was this year given that it was slightly down market for smartphone. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes, I think from an overall standpoint, clearly if smartphones started to grow, you would – that would certainly impact our business but what's really has made the difference from our business standpoint is the content that we provide on the smartphones. As Wendell said, I mean, we've grown 40% over four year has grown every single year in the last four years, even though the number of smartphone units have been down in most of those years. And so, yes, I think as you get more smartphones that might put us at the higher end of the high single digits. But what really matters there is our premium glass strategy and some of our other innovations and that's what's really driving our growth.
Asiya Merchant: And so should we expect that 5G phones. We have higher content, but I think you guys have talked a lot about higher content and other category in other consumer electronics as well. So, if you could just maybe talk a little bit about that. And then just on margins. Sorry to keep talking about that. The 40% inflecting to 40%, is that something we expect in the third quarter – third calendar quarter? Is it more towards the fourth quarter? It really depends on how quickly or does it just simply a matter of that 5% to 10% range that you talked about that in the Optical segment? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Let me start with the 5G phone and then I'll turn it over to Tony, on the profitability. So yes, I think your hypothesis on 5G using more of our content is true. We don't anticipate that 5G becomes a very large segment in smartphones here in this coming year, but you are right, it has more of our content, it tends to be the most premium phones, which is our very best glass. And because of the nature of what it takes to deliver 5G, we have an increase in the need for RF transparency, which tends to increase the amount of glass required on those phones. I think sort of a question back for you. We would be very interested if you are now predicting a positive inflection point in smartphone unit sales. We currently aren't counting on that, if you have any insight into that, that would be helpful to us.
Tony Tripeny: And then on margins, you're absolutely right, I mean I think what requires for the margins to get back to the 40% is the volume increase that we expect in the back half of the year and exactly where that ends up in the timing of that volume increase is what's going to drive us back to 40% in the back half of the year, we should be back at the 40% number.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Operator, we've got time for one more question.
Operator: And that question will come from the line of Tim Long of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. Yes, let me just squeeze two quick ones in if I could. I just wanted to go back to the GPF market. You highlighted better-than-expected results in 2019 and $100 million additional next year. Just talk a little bit about what you think drove the outperformance this year? Do you think it was better share? Were there any advance sales into the China market? Or what specifically drove that, and that help in the trajectory next year. And then on the auto glass side, can you just give us an update on timing there, it sounds like still a lot of wins, but when can we start to see more meaningful contribution there. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So on the GPF side, our product strength, the relative advantages of our product led to us winning more than we originally planned. So that is one driver. The other is that with the move to real-world driving the automotive companies are envisioning perhaps use of GPF, and even some more advanced GPF technologies on more and more of their vehicle platforms. So, that's more of a longer-term piece. I think pretty much everything that we've learned so far has been positive about our relative position in GPF and the need for this technology to help clean-up cars even further, especially in a city environment.
Tony Tripeny: And then on the auto glass piece, I mean, clearly we're winning these awards and our factories ramping. So we will see some increased sales this year. But as you know, the automotive market in the supply chain takes longer than say the mobile consumer electronic supply chain. So the bigger impact of that will be in 2021, but we will see some increases as we go through each quarter of this year.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And then after we break through that sort of $100 million revenue run rate level will our analytics will be able to click and can be a lot more helpful to you and us and being able to guide the trajectory going forward. We just need a little more data. We need to get implanted in a few more places was breakthrough that run rate and then we should be able to be a little more accurate for you, sir.
Tim Long: Okay, thank you very much.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks. All right, thank you everybody for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you all know that we're going to be at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 11. Mobile World Congress on 26th of February and at the Susquehanna Technology Conference on March 12th. So once again, thanks for joining us. Steve, you can please disconnect all lines.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Three 2019 Earnings Call. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Shawn. And good morning, everyone. And welcome to Corning’s third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, we encourage you to follow along. They’re also available on our website for downloading. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann. And good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported results in line with the early update we released in September. Sales were $3 billion. Net income was $397 million and EPS was $0.44. While challenges unfolded throughout the quarter, our results and expectations are consistent with our September update. We are not immune to the types of challenges facing us and many other companies this earning season. But I think we are more resilient than at any other time in our history and we are taking actions on the things within our control. We’re adjusting our cost and capacity, while at the same time maintaining focus on key growth initiatives. We continue to invest in technology and innovate with industry leaders across our markets as we pursue the rich set of opportunities outlined in our 2020 to 2023 Strategy & Growth Framework. I’d like to share a few other important notes on the quarter. The favorable pricing environment in the display market continued, as third quarter glass prices in Display Technologies were consistent with the second quarter. Environmental Technologies grew sales 20% year-over-year as the company's gasoline particulate filter solution propelled sales well above the underlying auto industry growth rate. Specialty Materials and Life Sciences also grew faster than their underlying markets as adoption of Corning's new technology continued. Of course, we're living in uncertain times. We see it in the headlines about trade disputes, political unrest and China's economy. Amid this uncertainty, you may be wondering why we continue to be confident that we will grow over the next four years. Part of our confidence stems from the relevance of our technology leadership and the tangible customer commitments that support our build projects. We’re also confident, because we’re not just counting on everybody buying more stuff. Instead, we’re putting more Corning into the products that people already buy. This provides a mechanism for us to grow even when spending in the end market category is down. There is no clearer example than in automotive. In the third quarter, we grew sales in Environmental 20%, in a market that is expected to be down 3% this year. Our growth is driven by increasing sales of our proprietary gasoline particulate filters, which traps fine particulate and which track fine particulates and help reduce harmful engine emissions. From a financial perspective, GPS increased Corning's opportunity per car by $30. These types of content place create a path for growth even when underlying unit demand is flat or declining, as our environmental results are demonstrating. We expect to double our sales to the auto industry by 2023. By adding AutoGrade grade interior glass solutions to GPS, we increased our opportunity per car by another $25 to about $70 in total. That’s up almost a factor of five versus just two years ago and additional products will further increase our opportunity. So we’re not counting on more cars being sold, we’re driving more Corning into each car. In short, a big part of Corning's story over the next four years is a content story. We see it playing out in Mobile, Consumer Electronics, Display, Optical Communications and Life Sciences Vessels, as well as Automotive. Because we’re capturing significant technology substitutions, we have sales drivers beyond just end market growth. Let’s look at how we advanced our strategy in each market access platform in the third quarter. In Optical Communications, we continue to be impacted by capital spending reductions in both the carrier and enterprise markets. Despite this near term weakness, we are confident in our ability to outperform the passive optical market over time. As you’ve seen with fiber-to-the-home and corporate data centers, Corning is the unquestioned technology and market leader. We delivered on those opportunities and we are well positioned for the next waves of growth as 5G and hyperscale data centers drive the optical signal closure to the edge. Our near term goals in Optical Communications are to align cost with demand and to continue advancing our product portfolio through co-innovation. We made progress in both areas during the quarter. Verizon and Corning are co-innovating and are manufacturing a technology center in Hickory, North Carolina. Engineers from both companies are using Verizon’s 5G ultra-wideband service and Corning's optical fiber and cable innovations to explore the capabilities of 5G in a manufacturing environment. Our work will demonstrate 5G's ability to revolutionize the way, goods and services are produced, as the technology enhances capabilities like machine learning, augmented reality and virtual reality. Corning is also co-innovating on the 5G with Intel. We’re making future 5G in building networks scalable and easy to install. Our innovations will allow for faster adoption of 5G features as they are standardized. Shifting to hyperscale. Corning and Facebook are demonstrating how to meet ever increasing bandwidth demand through Space Division Multiplexing or SDM. Internet content providers like Google and Facebook are making SDM their primary strategy for increasing capacity between their data centers across the globe. In short, this technology boosts the number of fibers in submarine cable and multiplies Corning's opportunity per cable by up to four times. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we’re well on our way to doubling sales despite a maturing smartphone market. Apple announced that it is awarding $250 million from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund to Corning. This builds on the $200 million we received from Apple's fund in 2017. Both investments support Corning's state-of-the-art glass processes equipment and materials integral to the delivery of next-generation consumer devices. In the third quarter we continued to lead the industry as our innovations were adopted on more and more devices. Apple announced phones with the toughest glass ever used on a smartphone and we saw the launch of multiple laptops, convertibles and tablets with Gorilla Glass. Corning continues to win in new device categories with nine wearable launches in quarter three, four featuring Gorilla Glass DX and DX+. Gorilla Glass DX delivers improved optics while DX+ improved optics while DX+ also provides scratch resistant approaching the finest watches. Both maintained the superior drop performance of Gorilla Glass. Moving to the automotive market. As I already noted, our goal is to double sales by 2023. In the third quarter, we continued ramping production capacity in Hefei, China to meet committed demand for both our Auto Glass Solutions and our gasoline particulate filter products. We're making great progress, building a $500 million plus GPF business, and we expect over $200 million in 2019 sales. Our Auto Glass Solutions business continues to build its order book. At next month's Guangzhou Auto Show, the industry's first shaped dual-display module with a single covered glass part will be on display in the GAC Aion LX, an electric vehicle. The module's cover glass is produced using Corning's 3D ColdForm Technology. In Life Sciences vessels, we have some very exciting news. The FDA has approved Corning Valor Glass for use as a primary packaging for an already marketed drug produced by a leading pharmaceutical company. This approval makes Valor Glass, the first and only fundamentally new glass composition to be approved by the FDA since the advent of borosilicate glass more than 100 years ago. This approval also marks a major milestone in our strategy to build a long-term multi-billion dollar franchise and the success provides another step on our journey to create a new higher standard in pharmaceutical glass packaging. Overall, we continue making good progress with our development partners and interest and engagement with other major pharmaceutical manufacturers continues to grow as well. In Display, our goal is to stabilize returns. In the near-term, retail demand continues to track to our expectations with TV viewing area growing year-to-date through August. Set makers are purchasing panels more conservatively; apparently due to a macro uncertainty, which drove panel maker utilization reductions in the third quarter. This caused the panel makers to purchase less glass in the third quarter. We expect this supply chain adjustment to be temporary and for panel maker utilization to increase in the first half of 2020. We remain confident in our long-term strategy, because our growth driver is large-sized TVs, which are most efficiently produced by our customers on Gen 10.5 fabs. Our leadership in Gen 10.5 glass supports medium and longer term volume growth, despite temporary supply chain adjustments. And we have great news about pricing. We now expect full year glass price declines of a low single-digit percentage compared with our previous guidance of a low to mid-single digit percentage. You can see that across our markets, OUR strategic investments are well-aligned with major trends and our relationships with industry-leading customers are creating new opportunities. Of course, we understand our current environment and we'll continue to navigate thoughtfully through any headwinds that may arise. Now let me turn the call over to Tony for more details.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell and good morning. In the third quarter, Corning took steps to offset recent market headwinds. In Display Technologies we aligned capacity to demand. In Optical Communication, we idled capacity and reduced capital spending to reflect our customers near-term infrastructure investment plans. And across the company, we reduced operating expenses to align with near-term sales projections. While we experienced these headwinds and took steps to offset them, it is important to note that even in these challenging markets we grew sales year-over-year and faster than the underlying markets in Environmental Technologies, Life Sciences and Specialty Materials. It is also important to note that while we were taking these steps, we continue to advance our long-term growth initiatives, investing in technology and innovating with customers to capture future commercial opportunities. Now before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the largest difference between our GAAP and core results come from charges related to capacity realignment in Display Technologies and Optical Communications. Other differences between our GAAP and core results come from a non-cash, mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts and a change in our tax reserves. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debts settling in future periods to be marked-to-market and recorded a current value at the end of each quarter even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this impacted GAAP earnings in the quarter and quarter three by $72 million. Now to be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth in our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provided additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We’re very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than five years ago. That brings me to our results and outlook. For the third quarter, sales were $3 billion. Net income was $397 million and EPS was $0.44. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $864 million. As we said in July, we built working capital in the second half. We also said, we expected to reduce working capital in the second half. Sorry, as I said in July, we built working capital in the first half. We also said we expected to reduce working capital in the second half and we did reduce working capital in Q3 and expect to further reduce it in Q4. Now let’s look at the detailed segment results and outlook. In Display Technologies, third quarter sales were $793 million and net income was $185 million. Net income was down year-over-year, primarily driven by the lower volume. Third quarter volume was down high single-digit sequentially and prices were consistent with the second quarter, both as expected. Now there is no change in our outlook in terms of volume. Retail demand is tracking to our expectations with TV viewing area growing year-to-date through August and preliminary data for September is also encouraging. The industry, however, remains conservative on inventory and panel maker utilization is expected to stay at current levels in the fourth quarter. Consequently, we expect our fourth quarter glass volume to be down mid-single digits sequentially. That said, we expect this current supply chain adjustment to be temporary. We expect panel maker utilization to increase in the first half of 2020 over the second half of 2019. Glass pricing in the fourth quarter continues to be positive. We expect prices to decline only slightly sequentially, which is equivalent to down low-single-digits year-over-year. For the full year, our volume outlook remains consistent with our September 16th update. We expect our volume to be up slightly year-over-year, which is higher than the glass market driven by the ramp of our Gen 10.5 facility in Hefei. In terms of price, our outlook is more favorable than our previous guidance. We are revising our full year price guidance to low single-digit declines from prior expectations of low- to mid-single digit declines and we expect that the favorable pricing environment will continue into 2020. Now three factors drive our view. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced to demand or even tight. For Corning, we are aligning our capacity with demand. We are also pacing our Gen 10.5 capital projects to align with panel maker's schedules. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Glass prices must support acceptable returns on those investments. In summary, we are experiencing a temporary supply chain correction. However, retail TV viewing area is growing and expected to create more demand for display glass, especially at Gen 10.5. As the leader in Gen 10.5, we expect to capture most of the growth and we expect the favorable pricing environment to continue. Results in Optical Communications were consistent with our September update. In the third quarter sales were $1 billion and net income was $127 million. Our third quarter sales and net income were down versus last year. These results reflect overall market weakness including the spending decisions of several major carrier customers. For the full year, we continue to expect sales to decline in the 3% to 5% range as previously guided. We have taken actions to align our cost to our current sales reality including idling capacity, pacing capital projects and reducing operating expenses to align with near term sales projections. At the same time, we continue to innovate to improve network speed, cost and capacity and to secure long-term agreements with major industry players, sustaining our confidence and our ability to outperform and deliver long-term growth. In Environmental Technologies, third quarter sales were $397 million up 20% year-over-year and ahead of expectations driven by continued adoption of gasoline particulate filters and strong demand in the heavy duty diesel market. Net income grew 32%, driven by strong operational performance and successful ramping of additional GPS capacity in China. We are well on our way to building a greater than $500 million gasoline particulate filters business. With a market-leading product, we continue to earn a majority position globally as automakers award platforms to make Euro 6 and China 6 regulations. Sales are accelerating as Euro 6 regulations are in full effect and automakers are preparing for China 6 implementation in 2020. Our Hefei plant start-up is ahead of schedule and has been key to delivering incremental sales and net income. As a result we continue to expect GPF sales to exceed $200 million in 2019 and to grow robustly thereafter. Our strong performance is expected to extend into the fourth quarter with sales growth up by a low teen percentage year-over-year. Given a strong second half we now expect full year sales to be up by a mid-teen percentage compared to our previous guidance of a low teen percentage. In Specialty Materials third quarter sales were $463 million and net income was $92 million. We were pleased with strong sales from our new innovations as Wendell noted. However, our overall sales growth was muted because our Gorilla Glass shipments in China were lower due to the current trade environment and Advanced Optic sales were down on semiconductor market weakness. From a profitability standpoint some of our newer innovations start initially at lower margins and could not offset the loss of higher margin Gorilla Glass and AO products. We anticipate these issues will improve over time as the trade situation is resolved the semiconductor market returns to growth and we reduce cost on newer innovations as we come up the learning curve. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales to be approximately flat year-over-year. We expect full year sales growth again despite a smartphone market that is down year-over-year. This growth is driven by adoption of new innovations, including premium cover glass innovative parts products including DX Plus for wearables. Life Sciences third quarter sales were $256 million up 11% year-over-year. Net income was $41 million, up 37%. For both the fourth quarter and the full year, we expect sales to be at mid-single digits Year-over-year. In summary, our third quarter performance was impacted by changes in the display and optical markets and we took actions to lower our cost to align with those lower sales. We now expect the full year price decline in display to improve to a low single-digit percentage. We grew sales in Environmental, Specialty Materials, and Life Sciences year-over-year and faster than their underlying markets and we delivered strategic milestones with Apple's investment and FDA approval of Valor Glass. Now, let’s turn to the consolidated P&L. Gross margin in the third quarter was 39% as expected. Last quarter we talked about the Gen 10.5 facility and I'd like to give you an update. We continue to make progress coming up the learning curve and improving our low cost in our Gen 10.5 plant which should lead to further improvement in 2020. We are excited about our Gen 10.5 projects because they enable us to capture the majority of the market growth and will growth and will ultimately provide the step-change in glass manufacturing. For the rest of our P&L, there has been no change in our guidance. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 39% in the back half. SG&A and RD&E are expected to be just under 14% and approximately 8.5% of sales respectively for the year. And capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $2 billion. Moving to additional outlook details, we expect other income, other expense to be approximately $260 for the full year. Full year gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $230 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductor and we expect our effective tax rate for 2019 to be approximately 20%. In closing, we acted quickly in the third quarter to address changing market conditions. We met our revised targets. We continued our actions to advance our long-term growth plans and we remain confident in our strategy. We are operating on the strong foundation that we built over the last four years and we're making progress in key areas as evidenced by our ongoing customer announcements. This makes us confident in our ability to achieve the objectives we laid out in our 2020 to2023 Strategy & Growth Framework. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. Okay Sean, we’re ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Asiya Merchant [ph] Pleases go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, everyone and congratulations on a well-executed quarter given the macro environment. I just have a quick - two quick questions for both Wendell and Tony. The multiple growth drivers that you talk about, obviously they are coming into play as we talk about Valor and auto interior glass, et cetera. When should we expect Corning to demonstrate like growth margin leverage from these initiatives in your P&L? And then secondly, just given the macro environment as well and the expect - the revised expectations for 2019 as you announced in September, I mean, should we expect revenue growth for 2020 to sort of come towards your strategic outlook, which was around 6% to 8% revenue growth CAGR? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So I think from our gross margins standpoint I mean, clearly, what’s happened to us in gross margin is really all about volume. We have lower volume in the back half than what we were expected and it’s going to take greater volume for us to recover that gross margin. But once that volume occurs then our gross margin is going to increase. And in terms of these innovations, specifically it depends on when those innovations come, but when they do come, they will come with incremental gross margin favorable gross margin for us.
Tony Tripeny: We could all be on the - it's a really good question and it will be the interaction of - we invest usually with very strong customer commitment and we need to put it in place ahead of the time when the demand comes on stream, and in almost all of our cases we're building bespoke proprietary equipment. So as those plants fill and as we work our way through those learning curves, we’ll see that leverage. We'll add as we go through the year, next year, put more information for folks that are trying to model all those to try to be helpful on how do we think about these new innovations as they become a bigger and bigger part of our revenue growth story over time. It’s a fair request.
Wendell Weeks: And then in terms of 2020 obviously, we’re not giving guidance for that. But the reason we chose compounded annual growth rates in our Strategy & Growth Framework is that we knew there would be times of economic headwinds like we’re experiencing now when we not likely to have that level of sales growth and there will be times when there's either really great adoption of our technology or economic tailwinds where that will be greater. So you really should think about those objectives just as we intended them to be which is over a four-year period.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Asiya. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Peter Zdebski from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Peter Zdebski: Hello. This is Peter on for Tim Long. I wanted to ask about Environmental and the outperformance there. Obviously, GPF [ph] has been doing very well. How should we think about going into 2020 though, the more conventional parts of that business, the heavy duty diesel for example? And then I have a follow-up.
Wendell Weeks: We’re not giving guidance on 2020 on today’s call. But clearly there have been macroeconomic headwinds that have impacted both the automotive market and appeared to beginning to impact the heavy-duty diesel market in North America. Of course at the same time in China there are new regulations that are going effect on heavy-duty diesel. So you have to factor that in an addition plus the adoption on the GPF continues to grow into 2020 because that’s actually when the regulations become in effect in China.
Peter Zdebski: That's helpful. Thanks. And then just to touch on Optical. It looks like the performance was a little bit better than the low teens that you had guided for. Is that – are you seeing any kind of nascent strength in the service spend there or you factored that you would point to?
Wendell Weeks: Let me address both optical and then also use it as a bit of an example of the more general forecasting approach. So as you noted in your earlier question, we tend to grow much faster than our underlying markets as customers adopt more of our innovations in their in their products. And this has been true in the Opt Co, Life Sciences, Gorilla and Auto over the last four years where our growth rate has been significantly higher than that of the underlying markets we serve. And that's a good thing. But it also means that from a forecasting perspective, we need to be right about both the underlying market and the rate of adoption of specific technologies at specific customers in a specific time frame. This can be difficult. During quarter three, we heard from some key customers that they plan to reduce their spending on our products below their existing run rates and our expectations. We in turn lowered our expectations across those industries and we initiated actions to adjust our cost and capacity accordingly. Now as we finish the quarter, some customers exceed that assumed take rate and we performed better. That being said, our approach for the remainder of the year is the same and we’re reaffirming our guidance at this time. Is that helpful to you, sir?
Peter Zdebski: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Brian Yun from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Yun: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the Automotive Gorilla Glass opportunity. I saw a recent product announcement kind of highlighting Gorilla Glass Windshield as an option on the new Ford F-150. It sounds like there's going to be multiple new product announcements sort of inline with commercial trucks. So, my question is, are you seeing an uptick in the exterior glass interest. And if you could just update us on the broader interior automotive glass opportunity, that would be helpful.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you for the question. So the answer is yes. We're continuing to see a momentum building on XT. However, at the same time, the very strong positive upside has been demanding for our new technologies in interior and we’ve been shifting more of our resources because the key to innovation is, you have to go really towards those positive surprises, towards interior. And we continue to build both our order book and momentum there. We were especially excited about being able to demonstrate our proprietary ColdForm Technology in a commercial offering that I talked about for GAC and we expect to have more momentum there as well. So right now, we're beginning to scale our plant that we just put in place in Hefei, China and we're really excited about our opportunities. That being said, much like you point out on exterior. The way the car industry works is we will get a nomination well before the sales actually begin. And s sometimes, when you're watching the press, there can be some time delay and delayed gratification in seeing what the customers says, or when we say we’re building our order book, and the time period when that revenue shows up. Did I get to the core of your question?
Brian Yun: Yeah. Absolutely, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question it will come from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: This is Meta Marshall for James Faucette. James, are you on? Just a question on - it's going to expand upon - you mentioned changing timing to the pacing of additional glass facilities. I just wanted to know if there is anything formal around kind of some of the change in timing there. And then second on the impact of Valor Glass. Just any timing or additional milestones we should expect there?
Wendell Weeks: So I think in terms of the pacing of the Gen 10.5 facilities you really need to go to each of the customers on what they are planning to do, but the important thing is we’re lockstep with them, and we're adjusting dollar pacing and consistent with what they're doing.
Tony Tripeny: And on Valor I would expect us to continue to build momentum we are. The nature of that industry is one where confidentiality agreements abound. And so when we announce it is largely dependent on how on our customers want to handle that topic. They're interesting position because what we have on offer here is a superior packing, from both the patient safety and productivity standpoint, yet at the same time, for a long period of time this new ascendant technology will live side by side with the older technology. So what our customers have to work through as they manage through their change process in the customers, they don't want to be in a position of sort of which customers get the new technology, which can't be old and how all that works out. So everyone is better served until such time as we build up enough momentum that we build up enough capacity in a thoughtful way, we're working with regulators and our customers that this can be talked about in a more easy fashion.
Meta Marshall: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is RK on behalf of Rod. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on display. I know you're not giving guidance for 2020, but given this slowness in the second half, can we expect glass volume growth better than the mid-single digit growth you talked about in the past? And should we think about this recent draw down in inventory as a reset to appropriate levels or our panel markers and that maker's being overly cautious if retail demand continues to hold?
Tony Tripeny: So you’re right. We're not going to give 2020 guidance, but I think the way that you should think about what happens is what’s really happening from a retail demand standpoint, because at the end of the day that’s what's going to drive this market. It's going to drive what's going to drive panel maker utilizations and it's not only just a number of TV sets that are being sold, but the size of those TV sets, and as both Wendell and I said, I mean, we haven't really changed our perspective on the market for the rest of the year for the full year. And in fact, things are coming a little bit better than what we originally expected. But equally maybe even more important than that is what's happening with TV sizes. 65-inch TVs are growing greater than 40% on a year-over-year basis and 75-inch TVs are growing greater than 60% on a year-over-year basis. So we believe in the fundamental drivers of what's happening in this business and what's really happening right now is caution with the panel makers in the supply chain with the set makers in the supply chain because of all the trade uncertainties and we think that gets itself work through the rest of this year and in the first half of next year volume's going to be better than the back half of this year.
Wendell Weeks: Correct. I think the core of your question is really good in that if you haven’t changed your long-term end market view, as Tony just went through, then as you take a look at supply chain corrections where you grow in some periods, the supply chain grows faster than that end market and some period slower. So really, you're sort of asking exactly when does that correct and when does that growth rate accelerate. And I think in Tony's answer, you see that we do expect in the first half of 2020 right that to be above that in the back half of 2019. That being said, sort of the core of what we do is not to try to call sort of specific quarters and specific time periods around supply chain. It is a worthy exercise, but we tend to be focused more on that long-term market and to get our capacity in the appropriate spot to be able to serve our customers.
Unidentified Analyst: That's super helpful. Thanks for that. Could you also comment on visibility in the Optical segment? Any color on thing you expect spending to resume?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. In Optical, here's one of those that's a good example of having grown so much faster than the underlying market. As we entered this year, we would see a number of signals that the end market would be going down. And then - but at the same time, we saw adoption of our new technologies at some specific customers more than offsetting them sort of underlying heartbeat. And I think this probably led us to being able to believe as long as that continued, we could ride out this temporary dip in the end market for Optical without having much impact on us. That turned out not to be true as some specific customers who are adopting this strong tech changed some of their timing and capital plans. That being said, though it’s very hard to recall the exact timing by quarter or even by year, we remain more confident than ever that the fundamental drivers for the demand of our technology will become increasingly ascended. IG is going to take the wireless network for being a fiber poor network to a very fiber rich network. Our innovations in hyperscale are going to push that optical signal closer to the edge and use more of our product. So over the long-term, we see a set of demand that is higher for glass, because densification of networks is occurring that will lead to glassification. And if we do our job well, we will capture our unfair share of that.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. I want to ask a clarification on Display. In your press release you talked about aligning capacity in display to demand. When you - are you primarily just shifting the timing of maintenance of class tanks here. And if that is the case, wouldn't that automatically mean that as you sort of complete the maintenance and bring those tanks up, you should start to see margins start to recover perhaps as quickly as late this year or early next year?
Wendell Weeks: So let’s separate the two sort of questions. First is what we’re going to do around our capacity matching to demand both in macro and regionally. You are right that our tanks are modular and we always have available to us, that ability to manage the timing of when we bring up tanks. We have other tools that we frame to bear on managing our capacity as well to better match to particular customer demand in particular regions and we will do that. Overlaying all that though is just sort of the simple driver which is right now the gross margin pressures primarily being driven by volume, right? And as volume comes back as we look to the supply, we should see gross margins also come back and those are interrelated between capacity and demand right, because they just help you on how much leverage you have on that particular number. But the core of the piece here is I think if you come to a point of view on when you expect the supply chain correction to be done and when we expect volume to come back you will have a good idea of the timing of the improvement in gross margins sir.
Wamsi Mohan: Wendell, just a follow-up on that. Would you say that are there any dynamics now I mean, you've just spoken about this in the past about how Chinese New Year for instance has changed the seasonality. Anything that you see that changes the seasonality this year going from 4Q to 1Q if we just exclude the supply chain-related disruption?
Wendell Weeks: Not really, Wamsi. I mean, I think that from an overall standpoint there is a little bit of standpoint as you go throughout the year. But to build for Chinese New Year's a lot of that building has to happen in the fourth quarter. And so I think it's really – there is nothing really different I think this year with respect to kind of the end retail market. What is different is - what's happening in the supply chain and obviously going through a temporary supply chain correction in the back half of this year.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question line of Steven Fox of Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions, please. First, Tony on the gross margins. So if I understand correctly the difference between originally doing 40% and then doing 39% in the quarter is volumes, but then when we think ahead to Q4 can you just sort of explain the puts and takes to the flat 39%? I think you still had some quarter-over-quarter volume pressures. Pricing is a little bit better on LCD and then the impact of capacity shifts. And then I have a follow-up.
Tony Tripeny: Steve, you got it exactly. I mean I think it's those things and - we think that the back half gross margin is going to be around 39% and I think you hit on the things that are trade-offs in that calculation.
Steven Fox: And next is in net neutral or help - or how does that play out?
Tony Tripeny: It always - it's essentially a net neutral. I mean, essentially what you are looking at is since we are taking actions and each of the businesses have their own dynamics as it comes to the sales numbers, but fundamentally we think we're in the same place where we were on September 16 which is the back half of 39%.
Steven Fox: Okay. Thanks. And then Wendell just on the Optical. You just made a comment that it's hard to call the timing by quarter even by year. Understanding, obviously, that the construct for more demand is there. Is there any kind of green shoots or anything you would point to that would give us confidence that maybe you've seen the worst of the cuts for optical and that we could sort of build our models over what we're seeing in the second half or is it still that early and too hard to call? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: That's an excellent question, Mr. Fox. I think, we're still early. I'd like to work our way through a little more time here and work through some of the changes that we're making to improve our ability to get better acuity on these items. Certainly, we see a lot of green shoots. If green shoots are taking in the form of incredibly strong interest in what it is, we can do in 5G and what it is we can do with hyperscale. That being said, we also see this as an industry different particular customer, sort of, working their way through their broad strategy their broad financial management challenges because at the core here is an investment strategy that are pretty significant decisions for them. So I’d like to get a little more time before we update you on that point of view if you don't mind, sir.
Steven Fox: No. Appreciate the all the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask relative to the 2020-2023 plan. And you mentioned you're feeling comfortable still about the 6% to 8% revenue growth target that you issued at that Investor Day. Just wanted to ask more relative to the investment plans outlined during -- in the plan of like $10 to $12 billion of investments in growth as well as the $8 billion to $10 billion of returns. Should we now think of those being a bit more back-end loaded in terms of that time horizon? Or are you still feeling very comfortable in terms of the CapEx trajectory, for example of $6 billion to $8 billion or should we think of them being towards the lower end of that horizon of that time - of that guidance. And then, if I can just follow-up on the cash flow as well. Can we get some visibility into the cash flow for the fourth quarter given that looks like for the first nine months you’re lower on the operating cash flow by $900 million from last year, and then some offsets here on the lower CapEx? But how should we think about kind of free cash flow outlook for the year?
Tony Tripeny: Okay. In terms of the cash flow, let me start with that question. As I talked about in the July call, our operating cash flow is seasonal. I mean it is lower in the first half of the year and a stronger in the back half of the year. And what we talked about was the working capital build that we did in the first half of the year and the expectations that both operating cash flow would improve in the third quarter and inventory would come down or working capital would come down. And that's exactly what happened and that caused us to be positive from a free cash flow standpoint in the third quarter. And we expect that improvement to continue into the fourth quarter as we have further improvements in working capital. So, I think from a full year standpoint, we expect to be positive from a free cash flow standpoint. In terms of the investments and the way to think about that over a period of time, of course, a lot of those investments is, Jeff described on IR day, really depend on the customer commitments and the timing from a customer commitment standpoint. But that being said, we're not giving guidance on 2020, but I think given the environment we're in today, capital spending probably isn't going to be as high in 2020. But as you go out over time, it really is driven a lot by what happens from a customer commitment standpoint.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of George Notter from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi. Thanks, guys. I wanted to ask about the FDA approval with Valor Glass. I guess I'm curious about when you think that might start to generate revenues for you. And then, certainly, I'm curious about how many other drugs or manufacturers you guys have in the pipeline marching towards FDA approval at this point. So, any color there would be great. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: So as exciting as this approval is and as necessary. We are still in the beginning of an industry that moves very thoughtfully for very good reason. So, I would say we should keep our expectations low and for the near term not having any significant impact on us. It is very confirmatory for our long-term revenue opportunities and our ability to really bring life-changing innovation to market. But from a financial modeling standpoint, I will continue to caution and say exercise greater strength at such time as we believe it becomes important to start modelling this end, we will articulate that.
Ann Nicholson: Shawn, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Then our final question is going to come from the line of Tejas Venkatesh from UBS. Please go ahead.
Tejas Venkatesh: Thank you. This is Tejas Venkatesh. Can you talk to the hyperscale spending trends you're seeing? The enterprise portion of Optical, which includes hyperscale, appears to decelerate after growing 30% plus in the first half. So just curious, what you're seeing in the second half? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: I think we're seeing consistent with some of those external, the various external benchmarks that you're looking at. Our particular dynamics all depend on what you compare to, right. So if I look, delta to last year, right, we can have a different sort of answer than the total market different because we grew so much faster than the total market, right. So, we can have dynamics that in the near-term, at any given quarter can be a little different than that market. But over the sweep of time, I think the right way to think about it is, those signals in the external market that you're looking at, they impact us too. And over the sweep of time, we should do better than the overall markets, just to the ascendancy of our technology. Does that answer your question, sir?
Tejas Venkatesh: It does. Thank you so much, Wendell.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tejas and thank you everybody for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that, we'll be at the Barclays Global Technology Media and Telecommunications Conference, on December 12 and the Citi 2020 Global Technology and Media and Telecommunications West Coast Conference - West Conference on January 8. Finally a replay of today's call will be available on our site, starting later this morning. Once again, thank you for joining us. And Shawn, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s quarter two 2019 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at Corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast and we encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. This morning we reported excellent results that keep us on track for growth in 2019 and beyond. Our performance demonstrates the strength of Corning’s portfolio and our ability to deliver for shareholders in a mixed macro-environment. Looking at the second quarter, sales were $3 billion, up 8% year-over-year. Net income of $410 million, grew faster than sales at 14% year-over-year, driven by operating margin expansion. And EPS was $0.45, up 18% year-over-year. Segment sales growth rates ranged from the mid-single-digits to mid-teens. And we grew earnings in all segments. Highlights from the quarter include optical communications met expectations delivering high-single-digit sales growth, driven by data center and fiber demand. Environmental technologies delivered 15% year-over-year sales growth, driven by the accelerating adoption of our gasoline particulate filters and continued strong demand in the North American heavy duty market. Life Sciences sales were up 6% year-over-year, with net income growing much faster than sales, up 29% year-over-year. Specialty Materials sales were up 8% year-over-year on the strength of Gorilla Glass and our other innovations. Display continues to deliver stable returns with second quarter sales and net income up significantly year-over-year and better than expected pricing. Our performance stems from the successful execution of our four-year Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework introduced in October of 2015. Under the Framework, we targeted returning more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends, while investing $10 billion to extend our leadership and deliver growth. We surpassed our 4-year goal of $12.5 billion by returning more than $300 million to shareholders during the second quarter. And we’re seeing the benefit of our investments in our first-half year-over-year performance and in our expectations for the second half of 2019. Of course, as you’ve all seen this earnings season, many companies are facing uncertainty and macroeconomic headwinds. And we’re not immune to economic downturns or trade disputes or other geopolitical upsets, but we are more resilient than at any other time in our history. Across the company, while the end markets we serve are experiencing downward growth revisions and many of our competitors are not growing at all, we continue to outpace the markets. In the auto market, global auto production is down, but we expect sales growth in our environmental business to be in the low-teens this year. Retail television sell-through forecast are declining in units, but we expect display volume and sales growth this year. Smartphone unit sales are also forecasted to be down, but we are growing Gorilla Glass sales this year as well. In Life Sciences, the industry is relatively immune to economic headwinds, so it is growing in its typical low-single-digit rate, but we expect mid-single-digit growth of our Life Sciences business this year. And finally, in Optical Communications, we now expect the passive optical market to be down. Earlier in the year, we projected the market to be up 5% and for our sales to grow in the low-teens. We now expect the market to be down mid- to high-single-digits and for our sales to grow low- to mid-single-digits. While the growth is lower than previously expected, it is still very positive relative to the market. You’ll hear more details from Tony on the current dynamics. So, the good news is, even in this environment, we are growing. And when markets improve, we’ll grow even more. We are confident in our long-term growth prospects. The successful execution of our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework adds to our confidence. We face challenges along our path to growth throughout our 2016 to 2019 plan. But we addressed those challenges, and met or exceeded all our goals. In so doing, we created a bigger stronger company and we created a strong foundation for significant additional growth. Our new Strategy & Growth Framework sets our leadership priorities for 2020 to 2023. It’s our original Framework evolved for a new growth era. We will continue to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength. We plan to return $8 billion to $10 billion to shareholders, and to invest $10 billion to $12 billion in growth and extending our leadership. We expect a sales compound annual growth rate of 6% to 8% and an EPS compound annual growth rate of 12% to 15%, an annual dividend per share growth of at least 10%. Our capabilities are becoming increasingly vital and multiple trends are driving growth across multiple businesses and in multiple geographies. In optical communications, we are on track to deliver growth twice as fast as the passive optical market, driven by opportunities in 5G and next gen hyperscale. Recently, CenturyLink announced that it is using Corning fiber to build the largest ultra-low-loss fiber network in North America. They’re connecting more than 50 major cities throughout the U.S. and will soon expand into parts of Europe as well, creating a 4.7 million mile fiber network. In the second half, we’re going to be introducing next generation solutions that enable 5G and access networks to be installed faster and reduce the total cost of ownership. While pauses may occur as network operators transition between projects, photons replacing electrons in network after network provides a strong upward trajectory over longer periods. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, we are well on our way to doubling sales, despite a maturing smartphone market. As the world leader in glass for smartphones, tablets and emerging categories like wearables and augmented reality devices, we expect to continue capturing more value per device. Gorilla Glass has now been featured on 7 billion devices worldwide and adoption of Gorilla Glass 6 is expanding. We continue to innovate in new categories and expect further adoption of new products in the second half. Turning to the automotive market, we expect to double sales by 2023, driven by gas particulate filter adoption and our new Auto Glass Solutions business. As I already noted, many companies in the auto industry are dropping expectations. We’re generating double-digit growth and ramping new capacity. In one new plant, we’re now producing large parts to serve the growing pipeline of projects awarded to our Automotive Glass Solutions business. In another, we’re capturing accelerating demand for gasoline particulate filters and not only are we making great progress building a $500 million GPF business, we’re growing faster than we expected. We now expect GPF sales to exceed $200 million for the full year. Our market leadership for this new technology was publicly recognized by two customers in the first half of 2019. We received the Daimler Supplier Award in March. And just recently we also won the Volkswagen Group Award. We were 1 of just 8 suppliers honored in the Global Performance Champion category, chosen from Volkswagen’s global network of 40,000 suppliers. Turning to Life Sciences Vessels, we aim to outpace the industry by more than 2 times. We’ve recently increased manufacturing capacity for several key products used in cell and gene therapy development and production. Our growth is also supported by the increasing need for safety and quality in the packaging of injectable drugs. On this front, we continue to make strong progress on the path to a new long-term multibillion dollar franchise with Valor Glass. In Display, our goal is to stabilize returns and we are successfully delivering. The growth driver for display glass is large size TVs, which are most efficiently produced by our customers on Gen 10.5 fabs. We continued our leadership in quarter two, with the announcement of two new Gen 10.5 plants. Corning now has 3 of the planned 4 Gen 10.5 facilities in the world. And we are thrilled about pricing. Third quarter glass prices are expected to remain consistent with quarter two. Yes, you heard me correctly, third quarter prices should be approximately flat to quarter two. As a result of the glass pricing through three quarters, we now expect full-year glass prices to only decline in the low- to mid-single-digit range. Across our markets, our relationships with industry-leading customers are creating new opportunities for collaboration and our strategic investments are paying off. We’re capturing opportunities and generating significant top and bottom line growth in multiple businesses. I look forward to sharing our progress against our new objectives over the next 4 years. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for more details.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. We had another excellent quarter. Year-over-year, we grew sales 8%, net income 14%, and earnings per share 18% with sales and earnings growth in every business segment. And we did this all while continuing to invest for a long-term growth. Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the largest difference between our GAAP and core results are a non-cash, mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts, and a change in our tax reserves. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earning translations hedge contracts and foreign debt setting in future period to be mark-to-market and recorded a current value at the end of each quarter, even though these contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us this reduced GAAP earnings in Q2. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We’ve received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than five years ago. That brings me to our results and outlook. For the second quarter, sales were up 8% year-over-year to $3 billion. Net income rose 14% to $410 million and EPS was $0.45, up 18%. Our strong growth results from our technology and manufacturing leadership. We are benefiting from recent investments, including capacity expansions for optical fiber and cable, Gen 10.5 display glass, gasoline particulate filters and multiple development projects such as advanced glass for mobile devices and automotive. We are very pleased with how these investments are playing out, and we are continuing to invest. We are bringing new plants online this year, creating capacity for committed demand and driving additional sales growth in 2019 and beyond. Capital spending in Q2 totaled $570 million and we expect to spend just over $2 billion in 2019 with programs in every market access platform. Now let’s look at the detailed segment results and outlook. In Display Technology, our goal is to stabilize returns and we had a very strong quarter. Second quarter sales were $848 million, up 9% year-over-year and net income was up 11% year-over-year. Second quarter sequential glass price declines were moderate and even better than we expected. As Wendell said, we expect third quarter glass prices to be approximately flat to Q2. As a result of the glass pricing through three quarters, we now expect full year glass prices to decline in the low- to mid-single digits versus our prior guidance of mid-single-digits. Now three factors drive our view that this favorable pricing environment will continue. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced demand or even tight. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments in existing capacity to maintain operations. Absolute glass prices must support acceptable returns on those investments. For Corning, we will only add capacity if we can get an attractive return for our shareholders. In the second quarter, the display glass market volume grew mid-single digits year-over-year and our volume grew faster as expected due to the ramp of our Gen 10.5 plant. Now, while end-market demand is meeting our expectations, as you’ve been hearing recently some panel makers have lowered their utilization. Therefore, for the third quarter of 2019, we expect to display glass market volume to be roughly consistent year-over-year, and to decrease by a low-single digit percentage sequentially. However, our volume is expected to be up year-over-year again due to the Gen 10.5 ramp and decreased low-single digit sequentially in line with the market. For the full year, despite this anticipated weaker third quarter, we continue to expect to outperform the market by delivering volume growth in the high-single digits driven by Gen 10.5. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current pricing dynamics in our display business and our ability to capture Gen 10.5 glass growth to deliver stable returns. Let’s move to Optical Communications, in the second quarter sales were $1.1 billion, up 2% sequentially and 7% year-over-year. Net income of $158 million, grew 11% sequentially and 5% year-over-year. Growth was driven by multi-year data center projects, fiber sales and the addition of sales from our 3M Communication Markets Division acquisition. Now in spite of our strong first half, we are reducing our expectations for the year. We entered 2019 projecting the global passive optical market to increase by more than 5% and our sales to grow in the low-teens. We now believe that the global market will be down mid- to high- single digits and that our sales will be up in the low- to mid-single digits. We see the weakness primarily in the carrier market. Since the last earnings call, several large build projects we projected for the second half of the year have been pushed out, and multiple carriers have reduced CapEx for the remainder of the year. We see delays in Fiber-to-the-Home builds that several Tier 2 carriers, slower deployment at North America cable operators, and fiber densification for next generation wireless has not yet gained momentum outside the early leaders. Also, we have further reduced our expectations for the 2019 China market and are now seeing related weakness in India and Southeast Asia. The delay in China Mobile’s tender announced earlier this year resulted in surplus inventory, which is currently being absorbed in these regions. Now we continue to execute well against factors in our control and our growth remains significantly above the market. For the third quarter, we expect sales to be consistent sequentially and down low-single digit versus an exceptional third quarter in 2018. Environmental Technology second quarter sales were $366 million, up 15% year-over-year and ahead of expectations, driven by ramping GPF sales and continued strong demand in North America heavy-duty market. Net income grew 20%. We are well on our way to building a $500 million gasoline particulate filter business. European regulations are in full effect and automakers in China are preparing for full China 6 implementation in 2020. The market is developing faster than we planned and we’re winning more platforms than we anticipated. We sustained our majority position of awarded platforms to date with additional wins particularly as OEMs prepare for China 6 implementation. As a result, we now expect GPF sales to exceed $200 million in 2019, and to grow robustly thereafter. Based on our accelerating demand, we now expect full year sales to be up by a low-teens percentage versus our prior expectation of 10%. We also expect third quarter sales to be up by a low-teens percent year-over-year. In Specialty Materials, second quarter sales were $369 million, up 8% year-over-year and driven by continued strong demand for the company’s portfolio of mobile consumer electronics glass solutions. Net income was up 5%. For the third quarter, we expect sales to be up approximately 25% sequentially and consistent year-over-year. We continue to expect full year growth again in 2019 despite a maturing smartphone market, exactly how much will depend on the adoption rate of our innovations. Our results and outlook demonstrate the value of our premium glasses and the strength of our innovation portfolio. In Life Sciences, second quarter sales were $260 million, up 6% year-over-year. Net income was up 29% year-over-year, manufacturing performance and operating leverage were outstanding. For both the third quarter and the year, we expect sales to be at mid-single digit year-over-year. In summary, we had an excellent second quarter with strong performance across the company. The benefits of our recent investments are contributing to results. All of our businesses have solid momentum relative to their markets and we are on track for sales growth for full year 2019. Now let’s move to the consolidated income statement, second quarter gross margin was 40.1%, a slight increase from the first quarter. As I described last quarter, we are continuing to invest, while we build startup, ramp and optimize new facilities associated cost offset some of the normal leverage on our gross margin line. For the second half of 2019, we expect gross margin to be slightly better than the first half. This is less than we thought in April because of lower-than-expected sales in optical as well as higher-than-expected cost in display. In our Gen 10.5 facility, we are bringing up new technology, ramping volume and improving our cost, just not as quickly as we expected. We are excited about our Gen 10.5 projects, because they enable us to capture the majority of the market growth and will ultimately provide a step change in glass manufacturing. From an operating margin standpoint, we expect the second half to expand over the first half. Moving to additional outlook details, we expect other income, other expense to be approximately $250 million for the full year. Full year gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $210 million predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductor with the third quarter at approximately $20 million to $25 million versus second quarter 2019 gross equity earnings of $28 million. And we expect our effective tax rate for 2019 to be approximately 20% consistent with Q2. In closing, we had an excellent first half with sales and NPAT growth in every one of our businesses. As we discussed, most companies are facing uncertainty and macroeconomic headwinds right now. We feel these headwinds as well, but our solid execution that gets the factors within our control is evident in our strong first half, and makes us confident in our ability to grow every business for the full year. Now, we are not immune to challenges, but we are more resilient than ever. Our portfolio and emphasis on capturing technology substitutions enable us to outpace the markets we serve. As conditions improve our growth will accelerate. Our confidence is reflected in the long-term growth targets we’ve laid out in our 2020 to 2023 Strategy & Growth Framework. There are exciting opportunities across our market access platforms. We are becoming increasingly relevant to the trends fueling those markets, and that allows us to capture more opportunities in products and categories, where we are already the leaders. I look forward to sharing progress on our Framework in the months and years ahead. With that, let’s move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. Okay, Greg, we’re ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Tony, can you bridge the gross margins in 2019 versus 2018 in the second half and actually even operating margins if you could? It will be helpful if you can isolate the impact of the mix of the faster growth businesses, which might be a little bit lower margin versus the incremental impact that you’re talking in Display. And can you just square the trends of improving glass price to the deteriorating sort of gross margin optics here in the year in the second half? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Sure, Wamsi. I think the big change statement here is that we had expected gross margin to go to 41% to 42% in the back-half. And now we’re looking at it to be slightly better than the first half. And it’s really there are two drivers on this. I mean, the first is what’s happening in the Optical Communications sales. This is all driven in the carrier market, where we’ve gone from low teens sales at the beginning of the year to low- to mid-single-digits. There is incremental profitability on these sales are high, given that we have all the fixed cost infrastructure in place. So we see margin compression for COC in the company as those sales don’t occur. And then the second area is the higher-than-expected cost in Display. And that is really driving – is really being driven by, as we bring up our new technology and ramping volume and improving our cost in Gen 10.5, it’s just not happening as quickly as we expected. So that is the big change statement over what we had expected a quarter ago. In terms of operating margin, we did expand operating margin in the first half of the year versus last year. And we expect to expand operating margin in the second half of the year. And so, from our standpoint, as we’ve discussed, that’s the most important of the metrics, because of the operating leverage that we get as we grow sales.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, just a quick follow up, Tony. Free cash flow has been negative for two consecutive quarters, with gross and operating margin in the second half is slightly better than the first half, how do you see free cash flow trending?
Tony Tripeny: So, Mehdi, I mean, keep in mind that the normal operating cash flow pattern for us is to generate most of our operating cash flow in the back-half. And that is, because in the first half, we have working capital growth to support our increased sales. And we also have some significant annual payments that occur in the first half related to compensation, tax payments and legal settlements. And that’s exactly what’s happened this year. I mean, our operating cash flow for the first half is about $150 million. And included in that is the build and working capital of about $500 million. Now, that’s a couple of hundred million dollars maybe more than what you would normally expect, which is mostly in inventory. And the reason for that is that we have significant new products like GPF, Gen 10.5, some of our new innovations in Specialty Materials. It’s also a little bit higher than you’d expect, because we thought at the beginning of the year Optical Communications would be a little bit stronger in terms of sales. And now it’s a little bit less than that. But we expect that inventory to correct itself in the second half. And we expect just like in most years or in all years, will generate more operating cash flow in the back-half. So I think we’re confident that we will end up with free cash flow for the year. And this is just the normal cycle that we have.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. And just one quick follow on Optical. I’m a little bit confused and would appreciate any high level color. On the handset side, there’s increased optimism that the 5G phone is going to be available especially with the carriers investing in for millimeter wave. And you’re down ticking especially with densification of additional sales capacity. These trends are kind of contrary and I’m just having a hard time reconciling. So any color or additional clarification here would be great.
Wendell Weeks: Great. So, Mehdi, I think you’re actually right on top of that. And it’s just those two things that you need to understand around, when we think about our demand cycle. First is the one that you’re highlighting, which is architecturally which solutions win and what our folks choosing. And then, second is, how quickly do our customers put it in. So you’re right, sort of all lights are flashing green. And that we’re right with the point of view we laid out over 2 years ago, that 5G is going to equal significant network densification, which in turn means classification, which means more demand for our innovations. And you’re right; all you tend to be hearing is confirmatory data on that topic. So that’s what we’re hearing as well. So we are increasingly confident of our long-term projections, of which architecture wins for 5G. And that’s a bullish signal for us. Now, then, the next piece has to happen. These are significant capital projects and our customers need to get themselves organized, make the decision, and then begin to make those investments. Now, in that, timing can be difficult to call. And what we’re seeing right now is that people are waiting a little bit, there is sort of a little gap between projects. Other than the sort of a real leaders in 5G, they’re putting their plans together, getting their financing house in order and getting their alliances in place, that then we would expect the demand that you’re pointing to, to occur. Does that make sense to you?
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. But, what you’re saying, are these trends coming together, is it like a 12-month timeframe? Or does that require more than 12 months?
Wendell Weeks: No, it’s really so customer specific and announcement specific that it’s hard to like name an exact time period. We had thought, coming into the year, there was going to be at least one other major player that came on strong, on the 5G densification piece. They altered their business model slightly and changed their timing slightly. So I think that, what we’re trying to do is be right on the architecture and the long-term demand cycle, and then be able to support our customers as they gear up. The good news here is this isn’t going to be subtle, as our customers announce and decide they’re going to roll. And how they’re going to roll in 5G, they’ll talk about it. All the different cities that they are going to go to, we’ll talk about it. And in a way, you’ll see the normal cycle of the announcement piece getting a little bit ahead of demand, and then demand will follow, and will have a hard time keeping up.
Mehdi Hosseini: Great. Thanks so much for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more perspective on the change in the 10.5 G ramp that you mentioned. You’re still looking for, it sounds like about the same growth in your own units overall. TV demand is obviously weaker, but how does this change in terms of the new projects you’re bringing on versus the existing plant you’re operating, et cetera? Any help there would be appreciated.
Wendell Weeks: So, Tony, will make some comments on how – the relative strength of the large sized TV market in a moment, which I think a really interesting data point. But at the core of what’s happening to us from Gen 10.5, it’s not really a ramp issue of significance, right? You have the normal sort of how high our customer utilization is at a given month. But what’s really driving our dynamics is we’re meeting all those requirements and we’re really bullish on Gen 10.5’s ability to be the powerhouse of large size TVs. All that’s happening to us is how quickly our yields are improving. That’s all that’s going on here, right? So there’s nothing deep. This is just a matter of us making our technology yield at the rate at which we would like it yield to be able to put more profit in the hands of our shareholders. So Tony, maybe you want to talk about television.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, Steve. Yeah, I would just add in terms of the TV market, sell-through is actually tracking slightly ahead of our expectations through April. As you know, it takes a couple of months for all the data to come in, but the most important piece of that is what’s happening on large-size TVs. Sell-through for 65-inch TVs have grown almost 40% and for 75-inch TVs they’ve grown almost 60%. And of course, that’s the TVs that are really are optimized in the Gen 10.5 and it’s really what is driving these Gen 10.5 investments, where we have ended up going to have three out of the four announced Gen 10.5 factories. So we feel really good about that. And so from an overall standpoint, while there’s some of – a little bit of a panel maker utilization slowdown in the third quarter. We expect for the full year our volume to be up high-single-digits well ahead of the market because of Gen 10.5.
Steven Fox: That’s helpful. And then just a quick follow-up, when you think about the Gen 8 and below market for you guys. Is there a functionality here where you’re taking more tanks offline given what’s going on at the customers and as pricing trends similarly as strong as you’re seeing overall? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So our pricing trends. Yes, it’s very strong, right. We feel really good about that. And then what you will see from us is that will continue to account for our increasing yield and productivity out of our technologies by adjusting the overall capacity and roots that we have to support it. So that’s really the dynamic more than anything else, we feel really good about the market, we feel really good about price, right. And we feel really good about our ability to service our increasing share of that market with our technology. And we’ll just adjust by taking sort of the older generations of tech offline or repurposing it for other markets. So that long-term trends you’re on, Steve, I think is just continues. And all we got to do is get our yields up a little faster, and then that would match beautifully to our plan.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess, I wanted to come back to this flat glass pricing indication window, and see if you could comment on what is kind of driving that? It seems like maybe it’s a mix towards Gen 10.5? So I wonder, if you’d comment on whether that’s helping pricing? Or is it the below Gen 10.5 pricing dynamic is driving that? And then the other thing I wanted to ask about is, Tony, I know you mentioned working capital on the cash flow, but I also see a larger drag in other cash flow. And I wondered if that is related to some of the tax deferrals? What exactly is going on there’s a non-cash adjustment to income? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me first take the pricing one, as Wendell said, this clearly is across the market including below Gen 10.5 and particularly below Gen 10.5. And I think the reasons are pretty straightforward, I mean, first, we expect glass supply demand to continue to be balanced and even tight. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, our display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments to maintain operations, and so absolute glass pricing must support acceptable returns on those investments. So that’s consistent what we’ve been saying for a number of years and we continue to see improvement in the pricing environment. And as Wendell said, we’re very thrilled by the pricing environment, what happened in Q2 and the continuation into Q3.
Rod Hall: If you – Tony, if you expand on that, can pricing actually go up at some point?
Wendell Weeks: Rod, you’re now really right in the center of this debate that I’ve been really open about between myself and my operators, where I think the wisest thing to do from an investment theory is to count on our Display business aging gracefully, right. A number of our operators creating leadership of those businesses believe that they can actually make display grow in net income. Their recent performance would tend to be data on their side. And therefore, your question is fair. They have not put together enough consecutive quarters yet though for me to change my investment thesis. Does that make sense, Rod?
Rod Hall: Yeah. Thanks, Wendell.
Tony Tripeny: And then, Rod, in terms of the operating cash flow, the comparison on the other, I think, last year we had a couple of payments that occurred in the first quarter that were nonrecurring – a couple of receipts that occurred in the first quarter that were nonrecurring, some of them related to the incentives in the factories that we’ve been building and others related to the indemnification asset with our CPM transaction of a number of years ago. And so that’s the reason why it’s a different number this year than last year.
Rod Hall: Okay. Thank you, Tony.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you. I just wanted to ask about, I think, one of the concerns that investors have right now is probably around visibility into end markets back through the supply chain to what you’re supplying? And in particular, I think, the narrative on larger display size as well as in the optical business makes sense. But I’m wondering, if you can talk a little bit about things that you are doing or can do to further improve your visibility and are you able to see changes in demand trajectory first? My second follow-up question is, at the Analyst Day last month you gave a pretty upbeat assessment of the opportunities in both Valor Glass and automotive opportunities. Just wondering, if there’s been any additional data points you can contribute to those new products. Thank you very much.
Wendell Weeks: So I think on – let’s do the value chain first, and then I’ll try to tie in the other piece. So for us, it’s a little like the walk through that I just did on optical. We’ve got two levels that we try to align. The first is the long-term technology substitution curves for our innovations. And as you remember from the Investor Day, the core of our growth story is a content story, which is what we expect over the coming four years is more and more of our innovations to be adopted into the products that people buy. And then that is our primary growth driver as opposed to how much of everything everybody buys or what type of economy do, we face. We continue to get nothing, but positive signals on those items whether it’s an optical or in the areas that you just named, automotive. So here we are in a time period when you see declining forecasts of overall automotive sales and production, but we’re projecting growth in the teens, because of more and more of our content. Similar things we would expect to happen in the Valor story. We once again tend to have confirmatory evidence that we’re on the right side of that substitution curve. Optical, very much the same as you heard in my answer. And in Specialty Materials, our Mobile Consumer Electronics business, also much the same. So that’s the first level, we feel pretty good about that. The next then comes to how does the timing of that substitution curve play out and how does that interact with overall demand for our customers. Now that you can get a little more noise in, in the near-term, and we’re certainly experiencing some of that. So then we have folks like Jeff Evenson, who’s here in the row as well as pretty significant analytical groups to try to start right at the end market and then work the way – all the way back to the value chain and build models and the right analytic tools to keep track of it. We don’t always get it exactly right, but we feel pretty good that we are able to track record demand signals through the system.
James Faucette: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to start off with gross margins, and if I get the guidance right here, you probably imply more of 100 basis points decline in gross margin year-over-year for the full year. As we look at kind of the recovery of that 100 basis points and maybe coming back in line with 2018. Is it more contingent on some of the macro headwinds dissipating? Or are you looking at some cost actions that might help you kind of exit that recovery back of that 100 basis points? And secondly just to follow-up, second question on display side, I just wanted to see given that you have an outsized share of the Gen 10.5 plants market share there. Is – can you give us a sense of your market share in display today? And what it will be once all the plants are online? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: So let me talk about our gross margin, clearly, what’s most important to us in the way that we really think about our profitability is what’s happening on the operating margin line. Our operating margin is being compressed and our gross margin is being compressed, primarily – compared to what we thought at the beginning of the year, and what’s happening on optical communication sales, and what’s happening in cost in our display business. So as those things change then of course we’d expect that continued for improvement there. But from an overall standpoint, what we’re really measuring and what we’re really driving for is improvement in operating margin. And in the first half of this year, our operating margin actually expanded by 80 basis points and we expect that to continue in the second half of the year. And the other thing, of course is, what’s very important to us is return on invested capital, over the last four years we’ve improved our return on invested capital by 300 basis points and over the next four years we expect to continue to expand that is our profitability improves, and we get the returns on the investments we’ve been making.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. Any help on the market share in display?
Tony Tripeny: I mean – I think that what’s important there, I mean, we don’t disclose market share numbers and what’s important there is that in a market, where the growth is really occurring, because of large-size TVs, where the both in 65 and 75 inch TVs are much larger growth this year. That gets supplied by Gen 10.5 and we have three of the four projected announced Gen 10.5 factories.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tejas Venkatesh from UBS. Please go ahead.
Tejas Venkatesh: Thank you. I wonder, if you’re seeing any change in competitive environment in optical. In particular, I was wondering, if you’re seeing any pricing effects of China fiber makers moving to other markets.
Wendell Weeks: This is Wendell. So, yeah, clearly, we are seeing that in China as one of the key parts of the carrier market that had a strong downward revision this year, especially the delay in China Mobile tender, right. And so that led to sort of a buildup in China that expressed itself in terms of pricing largely in China. We’re also seeing some knock-on effects in India and Southeast Asia, primarily. And we’ve incorporated all that into our outlook for our Optical Communications business.
Tejas Venkatesh: Thank you. And as a follow-up, the adoption of glass backs on smartphones has been very helpful for your Gorilla business, now you have other smartphone innovations like vibrant glass and so forth. As we get closer to new smartphone introductions, I wonder, if you expect any of those newer innovations to be adopted over the next 6 to 12 months? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: That is an excellent observation, and my simple answer to your question is, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant from Citi. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Hi, thank you. A lot of the questions have been answered. But if I could just about the 5G commentary that Wendell shared earlier about some customer push outs, et cetera. Can you maybe walk us through some of the more puts and takes now to your outlook for the Optical segment? Is there more risk that we see that coming down as the year progresses on the other side as maybe some 5G reception by customers – by the end consumer is better on the phones and the smartphone to we expect an uptick there? Again, it’s more about the puts and takes to the outlook for the Optical segment as the year progresses? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: That’s an excellent question. So first, let’s do with the 5G one, because I think there’s – just the way to understand 5G is how quickly does it start and expand beyond some of the few early adopters and leaders? So it’s less people like changing deeply their 5G plans, if them arriving at their 5G plans, and how they’re going to deploy and then get that rolling. That’s sort of the next leg of growth. And for us, when that clicks in exactly – when it clicks in, it will be very significant in growth. When it happens is sort of hard to call. Meanwhile, what we see in our near-term results is more having to do with the pieces of the carrier market that dealt with particular projects that they have on wireline, some on wireless, but it’s just really just some delays and push outs that they’ve done into 2020 rather than big significant 5G changes. So that’s why I keep saying, the 5G piece won’t be subtle when it starts to hit our demand cycle, you’ll see it coming and all you’re seeing in our growth this year primarily, right, is the adoption of our previous innovations and other pieces of the network. We haven’t really started to feel the big oomph from the wireless networks of the world changing from relatively fiber-poor to very fiber-rich. That’s all ahead of us. Now to your next question on, can we expect continued downward revisions in auto? I would say, it is clearly our intent that that is not the case. What we’ve tried to do here is guide in a way that we feel highly confident it will deliver. Now as the months go by, we’ll know more and how accurate our point of view is, but it is not our intent to have a sort of sliding set of expectations in [opto] [ph]. Does that answer your question?
Asiya Merchant: Yeah. No, that’s great. And then, just as we think about when the 5G hits, like given that it’s more fiber rich, how should we think about the margin for that solution relative to, let’s say, the Fiber to the Home builds, which are driving more of your sales this year? Is there a significant leg-up we should expect or are the margins similar? If you can just kind of walk us through how you see the margin profiles on the more newer innovation relative to what’s been happening for the past few years.
Wendell Weeks: In my opening remarks, this is really a great question – in my opening remarks, you heard me make an allusion to that we’ll be introducing some new products in the second half related to this densification approach. What those new products represent is ways for us to bring the full suite of our technical capabilities to bear in wireless. What our plans would be is for the 5G opportunity to have our full suite of products involved in it or our whole suite of innovations, and therefore, that its relative profitability should be consistent with that which you’ve grown to expect in optical communications.
Asiya Merchant: Right.
Wendell Weeks: That’s a little mysterious. And the reason it is, is I don’t want to steal my operator’s thunder when they launch their new product set.
Asiya Merchant: Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Notter from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Thanks a lot, guys. I guess, maybe to start with just a clarification. So when you talk about glass pricing in Q3 being flat relative to Q2, just to be clear, are you talking absolute pricing or are you talking about a flat rate of pricing erosion and I got a follow-up.
Wendell Weeks: Absolute pricing.
George Notter: Okay, great. That’s a real improvement. And then, just to follow on, as I look at the dynamics among your panel-maker customers, I think about the supply coming on in China, there is certainly Gen 10.5s, but also Gen 6s and Gen 8s in China. And I guess with that supply coming online, it seems like it can create some changing dynamics among your traditional panel-maker customers in places like Taiwan and Korea, Japan. So how do you see that kind of rippling through for Corning? Is there potential for that pricing pressure to flow downhill on to you? Or do you feel like you have enough leverage in terms of those customer relationships where again pricing can remain flat on a go-forward basis? And then, I guess, alternatively, do you think that could ripple effect through in terms of changing utilization rates or how do you see the dynamic with China? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: So you had a number of observations. Let’s just compact two key ones. So first, I think you’re quite wisely pointing out that, once again seeing some regional shift in the display market. We have followed it from Japan to Korea to Taiwan and out of China. What we try to do with each of those moves is enhance our position in each new region and we have done that again here. So we are very well positioned for the direction with which we see panel production shifting. So that’s the first strategic level. Now, embedded in there, of course, I think you’re making a wise comment, which is then what happens to the sort of panel production capability, glass production capability, in the regions that will be relatively weaker, relative to China? So in that, you’re seeing a combination of things happen. First, is shifts to newer and more advanced display technologies, right, which we’re supporting with newer and more advanced glass types. Second, you’re seeing optimization of our network of supply, of glass, and you can expect to see us to continue to optimize that to always make use of the capital that we have in place, to serve our number of growing different glass markets. So we will expect us to continue to optimize our cost structure, optimize our glass supply, and then support our customers in those previous regions, so that innovation aspirations and their market diversification. Like, for instance, in Taiwan, we’re seeing a nice buildup of capabilities to address in the automotive industry, which are going very nicely with our automotive glass opportunity sets. So that’s the way we’re going to work through it all. Now, I can’t pass this answer to your question without noting that you said pricing continue to be flat in Display. We are not saying that yet, for a long term. What we’re just saying is we expect the rate of decline to continue to improve and for our glass returns to stabilize. We’re not predicting that glass prices remain flat for the foreseeable future.
George Notter: Right, thank you.
Ann Nicholson: We’ll squeeze in one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brian Yun from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Yun: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. Most of my questions have been answered as well. But could you just give us an update on the hyperscale cloud side of the business? Any color on the visibility there or spending trends into second half 2019 or even heading into 2020 would be helpful. Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Hey, I’d say once again here, I’ll divide it into 2 layers. First, architecturally, each passing month in piece – a new piece of technical work and interactions with our customers, are making us more confident that that point of view we presented at our IR Day is accurate. So we see growing adoption of glass in the glassification of the cloud continuing and becoming even more dense. So we feel really good about that. Exact timing for cloud and hyperscale, we’re not seeing any real fundamental shifts there in terms of the total market. And you can get different time periods, where they can’t quite get these large facilities up quite as fast as what they may have planned at the beginning of the year. But we’re not seeing any sort of fundamental shift, that’s saying we don’t expect hyperscale and the cloud to continue to be a real growth driver for us, both this year and beyond.
Brian Yun: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Brian. And thank you, Wendell and Tony. And thank you all for joining us today. Before we close, I just wanted to let everyone know that we’ll be at the Jefferies Semiconductor, Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit on August 27, and the Citi Global Technology Conference on September 5. We’ll also be posting some virtual presentations and webcast on business topics. And a web replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may know disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter One 2019 Earnings Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tanya, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to Corning’s Q1 2019 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I would like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access our results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. Now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. This morning we reported excellent results to position us for another year of strong growth. For the first quarter, sales were $2.9 billion, up 13% year-over-year. Net income was $365 million, up 22% year-over-year and EPS was $0.40, up 29% year-over-year. Four of our five segments achieved double-digit sales growth year-over-year. Highlights included that Optical Communications continued to outpace the market with sales up 20%. Environmental Technologies delivered 12% sales growth driven by accelerating adoption of our Gasoline Particulate Filters. Specialty Materials sales were up 11% on the strength of Gorilla Glass and our other innovations. Life science sales were up 5% as the business continues to benefit from its leadership in cell culture vessels. Display continues to deliver stable returns with first quarter sales and net income up double digits year-over-year and the best first quarter pricing environment in well over a decade. These results keep us on track to deliver the growth and shareholder returns we designed into the four year strategy and capital allocation framework introduced in October of 2015. We targeted returning more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends, while investing $10 billion to extend our leadership and deliver growth. We continue to make great progress and we expect to meet all our stated goals. Our cash generation is on target. Through the first quarter of 2019, we have returned $12.3 billion to shareholders, reducing outstanding shares by approximately 37%. And we’ve increased dividends per share by 67% since the framework began, including an 11% increase in February. Our investments in RD&E capital expenditures and acquisitions are also on track, totaling $8.8 billion through first quarter 2019. Now let's take a closer look at our progress in each of our market access platforms, starting with Optical Communications. Our performance in Optical Communications continues to be outstanding. We remain on track to surpass our goal of $5 billion in 2020 sales. We are growing faster than the overall market as our unique co-innovation model continues to deliver the right product at the right time for the right customer. Our first quarter results reflect our progress with 20% sales growth. We continue to earn recognition around the world for our stream of product and technology innovations that reduce network cost and increase the speed of installations. For example, in the first quarter, Lightwave Innovation reviews recognized two of our solutions in extreme high density cable, which make hyperscale data center fiber deployment up to 30% faster and a surface mounted in home fiber connection solution that is not only fast and easy to install, but also integrates seamlessly into the decor because it's transparency renders it essentially invisible. This product is among the innovations added to Corning's portfolio through our 2018 acquisition of 3M's Communication Markets Division. At the Global Conference, OFC, in March, we demonstrated that our EDGE 8 solution provides data center operators with of simple migration path to 400G transmission speeds and beyond. This helps them stay ahead of requirements for emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence. We were first for 100G and will be first for 400 as well. March also marked the introduction of the new Corning Technology Center Montréal. The center will service as Corning's global home for software solutions for telecommunications networks and will support emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, augmented reality, cloud computing and data analytics. The center will eventually become a hub for software innovation across all of Corning's business segments. And we're off to a strong start as two major North American service providers are now using our software for their fiber-to-the-home installation and maintenance. Overall, recognition of the value created by our solutions and co-innovation approach continues to grow. And that results in our Optical Communications sales growing faster than the market. Now let's turn to mobile consumer electronics where we are the world leader in glass for smartphones, tablets and emerging categories like wearables and augmented reality devices. Our goal has been to double mobile consumer electronic sales over the next several years, despite a maturing smartphone market. And we continue making significant progress toward that goal with steady adoption of our premium glass and the other innovative solutions we offer for smartphones, laptops, tablets and wearables. We launched our Amplify line of glass screen protectors on OtterBox.com and in more than 1,600 corporate owned Verizon stores in the United States. Amplify screen protectors provide a new channel for Corning to capture an additional piece of high-value glass on smartphones. Our strategy combines the best screen protector glass with the number one selling smartphone case brand in the United States. In the first quarter, we also continued our success in emerging regions with multiple device launches featuring Gorilla Glass in India and Turkey. Overall, we are making great progress on our goal to double sales in mobile consumer electronics. We expect continued momentum throughout the year as we look forward to more new device announcements and we will continue to innovate for our customers and you'll continue to see more Corning in your devices. Turning to the Automotive market access platform. Our core technologies are helping to propel the auto industry into a new era of cleaner cars with enhanced cockpit functionality, connectivity and design. Our objectives are to grow our environmental business by continuing to win in Gasoline Particulate Filters and to launch a disruptive automotive glass business. We are off to a great start in 2019 on both objectives. Our Gasoline Particulate Filter technology makes cars significantly cleaner and it increases our sales opportunity per car by a factor of 3 to 4. We continue to seek strong GPF sales in the first quarter as European Regulations are in full effect and China demand is materializing earlier than expected. And we continue to win the majority of platforms with our industry-leading solutions. We now expect to exceed our goal of delivering $150 million in 2019 GPF sales and we're investing more to capture accelerating demand. We also continued to demonstrate our ongoing leadership in the industry with a Daimler supplier award that recognizes our collaborative development of next-gen emissions control solutions. Next, excitement about Corning Gorilla Glass for automotive continues to grow as the industry transitions to highly connected and autonomous vehicles that use technical glass. Customers have validated their desire for Corning's technical glass solutions by awarding us hundreds of millions of dollars in our automotive glass pipeline. Our new and industry first auto grade glass solutions are making it easier and more affordable for automakers to bring curved and flat displays to market. To service the growing pipeline for our solutions a dedicated manufacturing facility in Hefei, China is expected to begin ramping in the third quarter this year. In our Life Sciences Vessels platform, we continue to make strong progress on the path to a new, long-term multibillion dollar franchise. Valor Glass substantially reduces particle contamination, breaks and cracks, while significantly increasing throughput. Valor helps protect patients and improve pharmaceutical manufacturing. We are making headway with our development partners Merck and Pfizer and our interaction with regulators has been favorable. We also continued important on-site research with a number of customers at their facilities where we completed in-depth validation and filling line studies that reinforce our progress towards certification. What this means, in essence, is that various customers are doing test runs of our Valor Glass vials on their lines. They’re confirming that its viable on their machines and that it provides the value we described. They’re documenting firsthand how significantly Valor Glass will increase their throughput. We are getting ready for adoption of Valor Glass by scaling up our production capabilities. We brought new capacity online in 2018 and expanded our range of products. We are also progressing with the construction of the new high volume manufacturing facility in North Carolina that we announced last year. Although this market is slow to adopt new technologies, we continue to invest and make encouraging progress. In Display, we are delivering stable returns consistent with our goal. First quarter sales and net income were both up year-over-year with the most favorable first quarter sequential price declines in well over a decade and we expect continued progress. Full-year 2019 price declines are expected to improve further to a mid single-digit percentage and to be better than in 2018. Our first in the world Gen 10.5 glass facility is ramping to support the expected growth of large size TVs, allowing us to grow faster than the overall market. Overall, Display will continue to execute its proven strategy to deliver stable returns. These examples demonstrate significant progress across all our market access platforms. Ultimately, we remain on track to fully achieve our strategy and capital allocation framework goals. Looking ahead, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustained performance. We’ve multiple businesses driving our growth. Our capabilities are becoming increasingly vital to important trends. Our relationships with industry-leading customers are opening new opportunities. We continue to invest in capabilities and capacity that will create substantial additional growth and you can see the benefits of these investments in our recent results. We are not only succeeding at building a bigger company, we are building a stronger, more resilient one. We look forward to outlining the next phase of our strategic framework in the coming months and we are on path. Some of the opportunities that I’ve discussed today in more detail at our Investor Day on June 14. Now let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and outlook.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell and good morning. We had another outstanding quarter. We grew sales 13% year-over-year with every business segment growing. We also grew net income 22% and earnings per share 29%, all while continuing to invest for even more sales growth this year and beyond. Now before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the primary difference between our GAAP and core results is again a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. As we’ve discussed before, GAAP accounting requires earning translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded a current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this resulted in an after-tax GAAP gain of $138 million in Q1. Now to be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We’ve received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than five years ago. That brings me to our results and outlook. For the first quarter, sales were up 13% year-over-year to $2.9 billion. Net income rose 22% to $365 million and EPS was $0.40, up 29%. As Wendell noted, our strong growth results from our technology and manufacturing leadership. We are benefiting from recent investments, including capacity expansions for Optical Fiber and Cable, Gen 10.5 Display Glass, Gasoline Particulate Filters and multiple development projects such as Gorilla Glass for mobile devices and automotive. We are very pleased with how these investments are playing out and we're continuing to invest. Throughout the year, additional manufacturing plants will come online creating capacity for committed demand and driving additional sales growth in 2019 and beyond. Capital spending in Q1 totaled $524 million and we expect to spend just over $2 billion in 2019 with programs in every market access platform. Now let's look at the detailed segment results and outlook. In Display Technologies, our goal is to stabilize returns and we had a very strong quarter. First quarter sales were $818 million, up 10% and net income was up 12% year-over-year. First quarter sequential glass price declines were more moderate than we expected and the most favorable first quarter in well over a decade. Second quarter sequential price declines are expected to remain moderate as well. With all of our volume under contract, we expect our full-year 2019 price declines to improve further to a mid single-digit percentage and be even better than they were in 2018. Now three factors continued to drive our view that this favorable pricing environment will continue. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced or even tight. Our Gen 10.5 plant supports the expected growth of large size TVs. It is co-located with and dedicated to our customer BOE. We pace and align capacity in tandem with BOE to ensure our Gen 10.5 glass supply is balanced to demand. That ramp remains on schedule. We expect the glass supply demand balance below Gen 10.5 to continue to be tight as public information indicates there is little capacity growth planned in the segment. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, display glass manufacturing requires ongoing investment in current capacity to maintain operations. To generate acceptable returns on investments, glass price declines will need to improve even further. For Corning, we will only add capacity if we can get an attractive return for our shareholders. In the first quarter, the Display Glass market grew mid single digits year-over-year and our volume grew significantly faster, as we expected due to the ramp of our Gen 10.5 plant. In the second quarter of 2019, we expect the display glass market to be up mid single digits year-over-year and our volume to be up significantly more. Again due to the Gen 10.5 ramp. Sequentially, we expect the market and our volume to increase by a mid single-digit percentage, consistent with normal seasonality. For the full-year, we continue to expect the display glass market volume to grow mid single digits, driven by TV screen size growth. We expect our volume to grow faster than the market, again, resulting from the ramp of our Gen 10.5 facility. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current dynamics in our Display business, including our ability to capture Gen 10.5 half glass growth and deliver stable returns. Let's move to our fastest growing segment, Optical Communications. The business is on track to surpass its goal of $5 billion of sales in 2020, with further growth beyond. In the first quarter, sales were $1.1 billion and were up 20% over last year. Net income for the quarter increased 30% year-over-year. Sales growth in this segment is driven by multiyear data center and carrier projects as well as sales from the recently acquired 3M's Communications Market Division. As planned, we are leveraging our capacity investments to deliver higher volume and earnings. Our 2019 outlook has been impacted by a major fiber-to-the-home customer, shifting its deployment from homes passed to homes connected in quarter two, not quarter three as originally anticipated. This will impact sales by about $100 million. As a result, we now expect our full-year sales growth to be up about 10%, which is revised from the low-teens guidance we provided last quarter, but still well ahead of the market. For the second quarter, we expect sales to grow high single-digits year-over-year, driven by strong data center, fiber and cable growth. Overall demand for our fiber, cable and connectivity solutions remains strong. Our customers, the world's leading networking cloud operators, continue to deploy Corning's optical solutions to densify their 4G, 5G and data center networks. We continue to outpace the competition and we’re very excited about the growth ahead of us. Environmental Technologies first quarter sales were $362 million, up 12% year-over-year. Net income grew 6%. We are well on our way to building a $500 million gasoline particulate filter business. European regulations are in full effect and auto makers in China are preparing for full China VI implementation in 2020. The market appears to be developing faster and we are winning more platforms than we anticipated. As a result, we are accelerating our investments and we are raising our short and long-term sales targets. We now expect GPF sales to exceed $150 million in 2019 and to grow robustly thereafter. China is also considering early implementation of its heavy duty regulations as part of their Blue Sky initiative. This could further increase both our investment and our sales opportunity. We will have more clarity on the exact timing and impact by the end of quarter two. As we invest to capture the opportunities I just described, it mutes our profitability somewhat in the short-term, but will result in greater sales and profit growth in the medium and long-term. Based on our accelerating demand, we now expect full-year sales to be up 10% or slightly more versus our prior expectations of high single-digit growth. We also expect second quarter sales to be up about 10% year-over-year. In Specialty Materials, first quarter performance was strong. First quarter sales were $309 million, up 11% year-over-year and driven by continued strong demand for the company's portfolio of Mobile Consumer Electronics glass solutions. Net income grew 7% year-over-year. For the second quarter, we expect sales to grow high single digits year-over-year. We continue to expect to grow again in 2019, despite a maturing smartphone market, exactly how much will depend on the adoption rate of our innovations. Our results and outlook demonstrate the value of our premium glasses and the strength of our innovation portfolio. In Life Sciences, we continue to outpace market growth. First quarter sales were $243 million, up 5% year-over-year, net income was up 15% year-over-year. We expect both second quarter and full-year sales growth of low to mid single digits year-over-year. In summary, we had an excellent first quarter with strong performance across the company. The benefits of our recent investments are evident in our results. All of our businesses have solid momentum and we expect continued sales growth through 2019. For the second quarter, we expect year-over-year growth with sales up by a high single-digit percentage, operating margin up 75 basis points and EPS up by a mid-teen percentage. As both Wendell and I described earlier, we continue to invest in all of our businesses. We are increasing capacity utilization in plants that came online in 2018, and at the same time we are building new plants, including facilities for GPFs and auto glass finishing. While we build, startup, ramp and optimize those facilities, associated costs offset some of the normal leverage on our gross margin line. As the commitments from and to our customers increase, so does the pace of our work on the manufacturing floor. As a result, the offset to our gross margin line is slightly higher than we anticipated a quarter ago. As sales grow significantly in the second quarter, we expect our gross margin dollars to also grow significantly, both sequentially and year-over-year. We expect our Q2 gross margin percentage to be slightly better than Q1. Now similar to last year, we expect our gross margin percentage in the second half to improve versus the first half as we utilize ramping capacity to meet committed demand. Depending on the pace of facility startup and optimization, we now expect our second half gross margin percentage to be between 41% and 42%. For your modeling purposes, we expect that 2019 operating margin percent to be greater than 2018. Now moving to additional outlook details, we expect other income, other expense to be approximately $250 million for the full-year. Full-year gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $210 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductor with the second quarter at approximately $20 million to $25 million versus the first quarter 2019 gross equity earnings of $26 million. We expect our effective tax rate for 2019 to be approximately 20% consistent with Q1. Finally, I would like to make a couple of comments on the economic environment, in particular, China. First, as we said previously, we do not expect a material impact from the enacted tariffs. Second, we incorporated conservative estimates for China end market demand for TVs and autos and our strong guidance and outlook for 2019. If Chinese demand is better, there's an opportunity for upside. In closing, we are off to an excellent start in Q1. We are benefiting from our recent investments and we are delighted with the customer reactions to our innovations. We welcome the opportunity to invest and continue delivering strong sales and earnings growth for our shareholders. Our strong guidance reflects the rich set of opportunities ahead of us in 2019 and beyond, as we continue to grow faster than the market across all of our businesses. We are within striking distance of fully delivering on the strategy and capital allocation framework. And I look forward to sharing our exciting longer term outlook on June 14. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tony. Tanya, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Okay. Your first question comes from the line from Asiya Merchant. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you, everyone. If you can just clarify Optical once again and then talk about how we should think about margin improvements in this segment, as you continue to grow. And what’s driving potentially higher margin? Is it -- should we think about utilization being a bigger factor, should we think about mix here that’s helping drive improved margins in the segment? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Sure. In terms of the sales adjustment, I think it's pretty straightforward. We have one fiber-to-the-home customer that we expected to shift its deployments from homes passed to homes connected in Q3, and it's actually starting in Q2. So that impact sales about $100 million and it means we will be up around 10% in sales versus low teens, but that's still a lot faster than the market is growing. So we feel good about that. And in terms of the margin profile, yes, we see the opportunity to expand margins. Part of it is, is that just like all of our other businesses, we’ve been investing in this business. And as we ramp capacity in those businesses, you would expect margins to improve. And then the second thing is that we are offering a lot of great innovations to our customers and those innovations help save them money and also give us an opportunity to provide solutions in some of our technologies and that’s good from a margin standpoint too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess, I wanted to focus in on cash flow a little bit, because we are struggling to model the cash flow on a quarterly basis. And it actually came in a little bit lower than we thought this quarter, but then if you look back last year there were some seasonality then as well. So I’m wondering, Tony, is there any way that you could give us some idea of what you think cash flow might be for 2019 and maybe talk about some of the puts and takes around working capital in Q1 and then I’ve got a follow-up to that.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think if you go back and look at our cash flow cycle for the last several years, I mean actually -- probably longer than that, we always start off with Q1 being our lowest cash flow cycle and we grow robustly throughout the year. And that's exactly what we expect to happen in 2019. And the reason for that is, is that we kind of wind down a lot of our sales in the fourth quarter, especially as we entered December and we wind them up in the first quarter, especially as we get to the month of March. And so you have significant change in working capital in those two periods. And then in addition to that, we’ve some of our payments like our incentive payments get paid out in the first quarter. So they improve during the year, but they get paid out in the first quarter and we expect exactly that similar cycle to continue in 2019. Now, I think if you go back and look at, you will see that same cycle last year. Last year did have some incentive payments that happened in the first quarter. So it was a little bit higher than what it was the first quarter this year, but the cycle is exactly the same. And we are certainly on track to what we said we were going to do from a full-year standpoint in our capital allocation framework.
Rod Hall: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions, please. First on gross margins. Tony, I was wondering, the gross margin guidance quarter-over-quarter is solid, but maybe a little less than some of us were expecting and you called out some puts and takes in that. I was wondering how much you can sort of quantify where maybe there's a drag from adding capacity versus where you’re getting better mix, etcetera to maybe better understand how you are coming up with your gross margin guidance for the second quarter? And then I had a follow-up.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think the news in this call is the investments that mute our gross margin percentage are going to be a little bit higher than we thought a quarter ago. In particular, in the second quarter, as both Wendell and I talked about, we see GPFs accelerating, the market is appearing to develop faster and we are winning more of those platforms. And so that clearly is having an impact on second quarter gross margin. In Specialty Materials, we are investing now in some innovations that our customers are going to introduce in to the back half of the year as they launch new products and so that’s occurring in the second quarter. And then in the Auto Glass factory, we are beginning to put that together because we are having good success in that market. As you know we’ve introduced the AutoGrade glass earlier this year. And so we need to be prepared for what happens with sales probably in the fourth quarter, maybe in the first quarter, but it takes a few months to ramp up in advance of that. And then in the back half of the year, besides those kind of opportunities exactly where we end up with the Blue Sky initiative in the diesel factory will just depend on exactly where things end up in the back half of the year. But from an overall standpoint, I mean we are really happy with this, we consider this all to be good news. It's going to drive both short and near-term growth. And on top of that, our operating margin is expanding, and so we end up actually with more of our revenue dollars to the bottom line and that makes a CFO very happy.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s helpful. And then just -- I was just curious, Wendell there were some -- there was a Tier 1 auto supplier this week that had a -- or in the last week had a push out related to having trouble ramping some hot formed display technology. And I know you guys are patented on cold forming, but the question is, as you think about sort of these ambitious displays, which have different shapes and curves and are larger than typical [indiscernible]. How confident are you in the ability to ramp these displays or at least your glass portion to manufacturing volumes? It seems like it's a big leap based on what we heard over the last few days? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question. Very insightful question. The struggle of that particular Tier 1 is actually what our innovation is about is that we believe that trying to get shape in a vehicle, if you want a hot form the glass and then try to laminate, try to put the different coatings on something that has shaped already is way more difficult and is way more costly than our innovative way to do it, which is cold forming where basically we do all those processes in the flat 2D form and then because of our unique glass and our patented way to get form, we then take and create the form after those processes. This saves just a ton of money and it's really, we believe, going to put us in a position to extremely well in the industry. And needless to say after that Tier 1's experience and another Tier 1's experience, our phone has been ringing off the hook with interest to get a chance to collaborate with us to help bring this innovation to market.
Steven Fox: Great. I appreciate that color. Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just one from my side. You talked about the single customer in Optical, which had a change in the schedule. Can you just talk about kind of what you are seeing in terms of fiber demand from other customers, particularly, if we look at kind of data center customers we’ve kind of heard of some movement in the CapEx number -- outlook there. Also we saw some auctions in China over the last quarter, was there any result or the outcome -- did the outcome of that impact your guidance for the year?
Tony Tripeny: The only thing that’s impacting our guidance is this change with this one customer. The rest of our businesses are very strong, the data center business is very strong, our other carrier business is very strong. We aren't -- we haven't been that strong in China and so that doesn't have much of an impact on us. But everywhere else, I mean, we feel really good about the business and I think what we are trying to get across is that the changing guidance is totally related to this one customer, and we are growing a lot faster than the market.
Wendell Weeks: I think just add some commentary on growth for us. Where we've succeeded is to broaden our product offering as well as our customer base. And we are seeing a glass and fiber optics and our innovative products penetrate more of the networks and in all of the different style networks. And so as a result, what’s interesting is, here we are talking about a customer who has just moved by one quarter their fiber-to-the-home, but, in the old days one customer of that size and scale moving something as significant as fiber-to-the-home, we would have felt in a really strongly. Instead, we are just talking about how fast do we continue to grow and that is a really interesting spot where we’ve tried to engineer and has happened and we will still feel as our different customers do big civil works projects at different times right, how much growth that we have. But the big mega trend here is that you are seeing densification, enter into the wireless network, enter into the cloud computing network, and densification means glassification. And the exact timing of those builds can sometimes be hard to predict, but we are seeing a ton of wind behind us solutions. Just from a little bit broader perspective as we look at it, we think it's quite exciting calling exact timing during a quarter, not so easy, right? But the mega trends look really good here to us.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. Thanks for the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes, thanks. Hey, good morning, Wendell. My question is on, just a quick report card from you on the 3M asset, how's it going? And then, any thoughts on adding similar such assets to the Optical portfolio -- you think you -- you have what it takes now for your customer expectations heading into the rest of the year and into next year? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, Vijay. Yes, we are really happy with the people and the products and some of the customer access that we brought on board with 3M. They were stronger with some customers that we were weaker and now we are able to bring our integrated package and we feel really good about the revenue synergies we've gotten there. And the people that we brought on board, feel delighted to be part of it, Enterprise, where Optical Communications and connectivity is so important. So that we're really happy with. As far as bringing on additional pieces, we are always going to be looking for those opportunities that fit just right, our market-access platform and allow us to grow any asset we would require faster than the current holders. That being said, as you heard from Tony, we actually have -- we are quite busy delivering on our organic growth opportunities. We are having so much pull from our customers that it means we are having to invest more, we are quite busy delivering that incremental growth. So we don’t have any big targets in mind right now, mainly because we are having so much, pull, but we are always open and if you have any ideas, Vijay, we would be glad to hear.
Vijay Bhagavath: Always. Thank you, Wendell.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. I wanted to follow-up on your comments on the work that you’re doing with the cold form for auto as well as the Valor Glass testing. Just in those conversations you are having, are you seeing any change in in-design times or time-to-market opportunity, especially if automakers are having to change kind of what the roadmap look like and catch up or not? And then, on Valor Glasses, as your potential customers are going through that testing, any update on timing of when we could start to see Valor move into production and general availability.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question. It's you’re -- it's something really interesting, James. I would say in automotive interiors, it's going faster than we anticipated. We thought we had a pretty good understanding of the automotive market-access platform, because we’ve been in it so long and we felt it was going to be relatively slow for our advanced glass solutions, just because of the way that industry works. We've actually gotten a positive surprise by how quickly people are pulling on our interior solutions and how excited they’re about some of our new cost advantage solutions. So as a result, we’ve accelerated our investments to bring up a dedicated facility to do these large area glass parts with the various optical treatments that we had through our vapor deposition platforms. So there, it's gone faster and we are sort of playing catch up with the supply chain, not because anybody else is ahead of us, but because we have so much pull. So the way we are sort of doubling down on a positive surprise there. Valor, I'd say is moving at a very stately pace, okay? In this industry, as you know, if you follow it, adopting new technologies tends to be slow, it's a highly regulated industry and because margins tend to be quite high in the industry, there tends to be a relatively slow move of gravity towards new solutions because they’re quite profitable where they’re. That being said, we are seeing just tremendous amount of excitement from our customers, especially because of the opportunity to provide more out of existing facilities. And as if you follow the industry, you’re going to see many reports of drug shortages and inability to get enough vaccines and inability to provide enough of lifesaving medicines and where we are getting very strong pulp, like come as fast as we can adopt it, tends to be in those areas where they’re missing revenues and endangering patients' lives by an inability to supply with the capital platform that they have. So, Valor I view as stately, but feeling very strong attraction from the industry to bringing us into it to help them serve patients better.
James Faucette: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I guess, I wanted to ask about the Display business. I guess, I'm wondering if you guys are seeing the inventory build in that supply chain? And I bring up the question, because if I just do the math on your Display business, it's grown about 12% or 13% over the last six months. Just in terms of revenue growth and given your comments about pricing, I think that translates into about 17% or 18% in terms of area. We tend to think of the end markets as growing 7% to 8%. I certainly heard what you said about BOE and ramping share there, but it seems like a pretty big gap and I'm wondering if you're seeing inventory or indeed it's [indiscernible]? Thanks a lot.
Wendell Weeks: We are not seeing any inventory build in the supply chain. We are growing faster than the market because of our ramp of our Gen 10.5 factory. Demand is exactly where we said it was going to be at the beginning of the year and it's all driven by screen size growth. This business is delivering on stable returns and I mean we couldn't really be any more happier than where we are right now. At the core, I totally get how you are wrestling through it, when you take a look at the total industry and if you take a look at many of our competitors' releases. But at the core, it is just, we had the right product at the right time with the right customers. And that means that area growth is falling more into our hands, right? And allowing us to capture the growth in the industry and it's all concentrating with us. And that’s the dynamic that you're seeing in the numbers.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Good morning. I have one for Tony and Wendell as well. Tony, how do you feel about leverage and the possibility for Corning's ability incrementally to take on more debt and do you see the need to do that to fund some of these growth opportunities that you are investing in? And Wendell, in the Display segment, can you maybe comment on this faster than market growth? Clearly, you're benefiting from the BOE exposure, but doesn't that also mean that structurally there is a shift under way for panel capacity to be -- for the Chinese panel makers to be taking share relative to the Taiwanese. And if that happens over time, would you need to drive incremental investments in China, and maybe shut down some of the capacity that’s located in other regions? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Let me take the leverage question first. We don't need to add any leverage to meet these investments. We have very strong operating cash flow and that’s more than sufficient to meet the investments, both in our capital spending, our R&D and actually continuing to increase dividends every year. So I think we are in good shape there. We certainly have the ability to add leverage, but we are doing it selectively, I mean, places where we’ve added leverage over the last couple of years has been in Japan where the interest rates are low and we have high exposure and that’s been over 10 years maturity. And in the United States, where we've added a lot of -- we’ve added -- what debt we've added has been at the 30 to 40 year maturity. And we are also looking maybe in the China market, where we have some -- where we also have a lot of exposure. But we certainly don't need that leverage in order to fund our investments.
Wendell Weeks: Let me take on the Display piece. The only thing I would add to Tony's is, the great benefit of the investments that we’ve made is that we are going to see very nice expansion in our operating cash flows. And that expansion in the operating cash flows, which we will talk more about when we all get together for IR day, is really giving us just very, very nice financial resilience and strength to pretty much fund, both our growth as well as nice shareholder returns. So we feel really good about that. Now let's deal with Display. So I think you are quite right to point out that, as some of the major new Gen 10.5 plants come on stream, they are lower cost than some of the older plants and so therefore they'll get most of the growth and then the question is what happens to some of the older generation LCD plants for our customers and will those lose share. So first, from our customer basis, you're seeing them try to develop new markets and technologies, things like the automotive display, market wearables, a bunch of other areas, to put their product to use. But really from a more selfish standpoint, from Corning standpoint, this is what is behind our strategy for things like Gorilla, we're already a pretty significant part of what was display capacity, we've already moved over, to doing Gorilla for Mobile Consumer Electronics and now increasingly for Auto. And you can expect us to continue to do that and that allows us to basically repurpose those assets and to capitalize those businesses without having to spend a lot of capital. So that’s worked out really well. I think what’s more of a dynamic for us will be our increasing productivity as we bring our new -- you are seeing us invest in new technologies in our LCD glass plants and our Gorilla Glass plants. This allows us to continue to improve our cost position, which usually means increasing productivity. And as a result that could give us the opportunity to consolidate facilities etcetera, but it has more to do with how quickly we can develop those new process technologies than it does our ability to repurpose, we’ve done a really good job of repurposing.
Ann Nicholson: Operator, we got time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Tejas Venkatesh with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tejas Venkatesh: Thanks for taking my question. The delta between depreciation and CapEx has widened significantly over the last couple of years. I think that helps gross margin near-term, but perhaps keeps your gross margin pressured in the future years. Can you comment a bit on that? And then, if I could push you one more time on Optical, normalizing your 2019 Optical revenue outlook for the 3M acquisition and the $100 million impact from the single FTTH customer, organic growth appears to be decelerating to 8%. I know this is much higher than market, but this was a business that was organically growing well into the double digits. So, I was hoping you could provide some color into how your customer conversations have evolved over the last year?
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me start with your question about increasing depreciation versus capital spend. I mean, there's no doubt that we are investing in our businesses. And the reason we are investing in the businesses is that our customers are coming to us with lots of great opportunities and we are inventing products and solutions for those customers. And when we do that, we grow significantly, and we’ve seen that growth in the back half of 2018. We are seeing that growth this year and we are going to see that growth into the future. So there is no question that is happening, we are getting greater depreciation, of course, that will have an impact on the gross margin line. But it creates a lot of great cash flow and gives us the opportunity to continue investing in. So, we are really happy about where we are right now from that standpoint. And then in terms -- from a standpoint of where we are in Optical Communications again, we are very pleased with our results here. We are growing considerably faster than the marketplace and we’ve been working closely with our customers and you look at our results and you will see strong results, both in the carrier market and in the enterprise market, which is where we have our hyperscale data center customers and we feel good about the growth there.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And I think your observations on, sort of how much organic growth at what time period, it's truly important, when you think about Opto [ph] is how these are large movements in architecture and they can get pretty inevitable, but their exact timing of when they start and which individual player starts a given program, right, all can move you around from one quarter to another, especially when you're doing, sort of year-over-year comparisons, where you may be comparing to someone's great big fiber-to-the-home build in the last part of last year, right? And then you're comparing that to this year when that same customer isn't doing a major pass, right, but then we still growing and it's made up by other pieces. I think what’s really important here to think for the long-term perspective is, do you believe that wireless is going to move from a structure that is relatively glass light to one that becomes very glass heavy and that’s what we believe 5G does, densification happens. And so now in the biggest telecommunications network in the world, which is wireless, right, moves to being a very glass heavy network that speaks very well for our growth opportunities. As cloud continues to grow rapidly that -- what that leads to is this sort of centralization of data flow, which means you get a lot more bandwidth and that area has to get there and get out, which once again leads to very dense very glass rich network. That we also look at and say, that's going to continue, but these are big build. So the exact timing of how they all work out and what periods you are comparing that will -- that can allow you to be -- for it to be hard to just lay a monotonic growth rate out there, right? So, I feel that some of the difficulty of doing the comparisons, but when you step back just architecturally and it looks pretty good to us for glass.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wendell. And I want to thank you all for joining us. Before we close today, I wanted to let everyone know that we will be at the JPMorgan Tech Conference on May 15 and as we said, hosting our Investor Day at the Conrad in New York City on June 14. Registration for that event is open on our Events and Presentations webpage. Finally, a web replay of today’s call will be available on our site, starting later this morning. So once again, thank you all for joining us. Tanya, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. We are now at the end of the Corning Incorporated quarter one 2019 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four 2018 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tanya and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I would like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann and good morning everyone. This morning, we reported very strong finish to excellent 2018. For the fourth quarter, sales were $3.1 million, up 15% year-over-year; net income was $539 million, up 18% year-over-year; and EPS was $0.59, up 28% year-over-year. For the full year, sales were $11.4 billion and EPS was $1.78, both up 11% from 2017. We also delivered on our goal to improve gross margin to 42% in second half, a significant increase over last year and first half of 2018. All of our businesses produced year-over-year sales growth in 2018. Highlights include Optical Communications sales up 18% for the second consecutive year; Environmental sales up 17% as the adoption of gasoline particulate filters accelerated; Specialty Materials sales up 5% following an exceptional 2017 growth of 25%; Display sales, up 4% as we ramp our new Gen 10.5 facility and the annual price declines reached the important milestone of mid single-digits in the second half and full year pricing was the best in more than a decade; Life Science sales, up 8% as we continue to outpace market growth. For the past 3 years, we have invested for growth through our strategy in capital allocation framework. The significant benefits of these investments are evident in our financial performance. In 2018, we have built new capacity, launched new products, grew sales by more than $1 billion and extended our leadership position in all businesses. We exited the year with strong execution, expanded margins and great momentum. We expect our momentum to continue into 2019 and beyond. We expect strong year-over-year growth in the first quarter and additional growth in subsequent quarters. In total, we anticipate another strong year for Corning. We also feel confident that we are well positioned for long-term growth. Important trends such as 5G, smart cards, connected homes and augmented reality are converging around Corning’s unique capabilities. These interconnected ecosystems require technologies that have been our fundamental strengths for decades. Our proprietary manufacturing processes and deep expertise in glass, ceramics and optical physics are more relevant than ever. Overall, we are excited about 2019 and our future opportunities as Tony will describe in more detail in just a few minutes. Now let’s turn to the strategy and capital allocation framework, under the framework we targeted generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019. We plan to return more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends and to invest $10 billion to extend our leadership and deliver growth. As we have discussed with you numerous times, we have continued to make great progress towards the framework goals we announced in October 2015. As we enter the final year of our plan, we expect to meet our stated goals. Our cash generation is on target and through the end of 2018 we have returned $11.8 billion to shareholders. We increased dividends per share by 50% since the framework began. Investments in RD&E, capital expenditures and acquisitions also remain on-track to our 4-year plan, total $8.2 billion through the end of 2018. As outlined in our framework Corning is best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms and five market access platforms. Our capabilities are inter-related and reinforcing. We focused 80% of our resources on opportunities that use capabilities in at least two of these three categories. This increases our probability of success, reduces the cost of innovation, creates stronger competitive advantages and most importantly delights our customers. Now, I will turn to progress in each of our market access platforms starting with Optical Communications. Our performance in Optical Communications continues to be outstanding and we expect to surpass our goal of $5 billion in 2020 sales with further growth beyond. We remain the world leader in passive optical solutions and the only true end to end supplier of integrated solutions. 2018 was an excellent year for our Optical Communications business. Recognition of the value created by our solutions and co-iteration approach continues to grow. We secured additional multi-year contracts with industry leaders in the carrier and datacenter segments which will add significant sales and profits in 2019 and beyond. This committed demand supports our additional investments in manufacturing capacity. Another highlight of the year was completing the acquisition of 3M’s Communications Markets division. In addition to bringing us a talented group of employees, it extends our market reach and access to global customers while expanding our portfolio in rapidly growing our optical solutions markets. Next, we achieved product milestones. We demonstrate our long track record of innovation and industry expertise. Our pre-connectorized fiber-to-the-home solutions have passed more than 45 million homes around the world. We introduced products of 2018 such as extreme density cable tailored for next generation hyperscale datacenter architectures as well as a fiber that offers significant advantages for higher throughput transmission. All products continue to reduce network cost and increase the speed of installations and we earned industry accolades in multiple customer segments, including datacenters and access networks. Interestingly, beyond the hardware solutions, we have also developed software tools that speed up installation. For example, FiberPass helps to accelerate typical installations from weeks to just days. Bruce Furlong, Bell’s Vice President of Deployment and Access described the benefits this way, “the efficiency and accuracy of the FiberPass solution has contributed to the rapid expansion of Bell’s broadband network in our fast growing 5 TV and internet services.” Our investments in capacity clearly paid off in the second half of 2018 with strong sales growth and even greater growth in profitability. As we turn to 2019, committed demand supports additional investments and will lead to additional growth. Overall, we expect to continue to grow more than twice as fast as the communications infrastructure market. Now, let’s turn to mobile consumer electronics, where we are the world leader in glass for smartphones, tablets and emerging categories like [indiscernible] in augmented reality devices. Our goal has been to double mobile consumer electronic sales over the next several years despite a maturing smartphone market. And we have been making significant progress toward that goal. First, we are capturing more value per device. We expanded our leadership in the carbon glass market with the launch of Gorilla Glass 6 in July. Leading OEMs are continuing to design our premium glasses into their devices. We expect more than 10 new models with Gorilla Glass 6 to launch throughout this year. We are not only benefiting from adoption of our premium glasses, but also from more glass on each phone. Glass backed penetration on smartphones doubled from 15% in 2017 to 30% in 2018 and we expect continued growth in 2019. We are also significantly expanding our presence in the aftermarket. As announced this month, we will collaborate with OtterBox, the number one selling smartphone case brand in the U.S. to introduce the Amplify line of glass screen protectors. This will offer extra protection for consumers and add a third piece of our glass to devices. Second, we are winning in new and emerging device categories. We launched Corning Gorilla Glass DX and DX+ in July, which provides enhanced anti-reflective optics and scratch resistance for wearables. These new glass composites are continuing to gain traction in the wearable market with several launches slated during the first half. We are also partnering with leading consumer electronics makers on augmented reality devices and precise 3D sensing technology. For example, at CES, we announced an agreement with WaveOptics to help enable sleek augmented reality wearables. The ultra-flat high-index glass that Corning supplies coupled with our proprietary laser processing and characterization tools enable optimize image quality and sleek device form factors. So overall, we are off to a great start to meet our goal to double sales in mobile consumer electronics. A quick fun fact, since 2016, smartphone unit sales have been relatively flat. We however grew our sales in this space 30% due to our innovations. We will continue to innovate for our customers and you will continue to see more Corning in your devices. Turning to automotive market access platforms, our materials expertise is helping to propel the auto industry into a new era of clear cost with enhanced cockpit functionality, connectivity and design. Our objectives are to build on our base business with the gasoline particulate filter opportunity and to launch on automotive glass business. 2018 was an exciting year for both objectives. Our gasoline particulate filter technology mix caused significantly cleaner. We exceeded $50 million in GPF sales in 2018 as European regulations took effect and we expect more than $150 million in 2019 GPF sales. China will be the next to introduce GPFs with initial filter sales this year as OEMs prepare for the first phase of China 6 regulations in mid-2020. We are ramping dedicated capacity in China to support our robust pipeline of business resulting from upcoming Chinese regulations. Next, we experienced strong pull for Gorilla Glass for automotive in 2018. We are capitalizing on long-term industry trends that are driving demand for technical glass. At CES automakers confirmed the trend towards larger, longer, shaped and more integrated displays. We also saw strong pull for Corning’s industry first auto grade glass solutions for automotive interiors, launched exclusively with customers at CES. These new solutions are making it easier and more affordable for automakers to bring curved and flat displays to market. In total, we have been awarded more than 55 platforms to-date globally, demand is materializing faster than we expected and we are accelerating our investments accordingly. In our Life Sciences Vessels platform we continue to make strong progress on the path to a new long-term multi-billion dollar franchise. Valor Glass substantially reduces particle contamination breaks and cracks while significantly increasingly throughput. Valor helps protect patients and improve pharmaceutical manufacturing. Key customers are advancing towards the FDA certification required for the use of Valor. We continue to make progress with our development partners Merck and Pfizer and shipments are increasing to other major pharmaceutical manufacturers to supporting their individual drug regulatory filings. Total shipments of Valor Glass increased four fold compared to 2017 indicating growing progress towards certification across more pharmaceutical companies. In parallel, we are supporting customers by scaling up our production capabilities on pace with market adoption. We brought new capacity online in 2018 and expanded our range of products. We are also progressing with the construction of the new high volume manufacturing facility in North Carolina that we announced in April. Finally, industry pull remains favorable, regulatory concerns about the need for improved glass packaging were highlighted in the lead story of the January PDA letter, reinforcing the need for new solutions such as Valor Glass. In addition, Valor Glass was named one of the top six pharmaceutical and medical packaging developments in 2018 by Packaging Digest. We continue to believe Valor has the potential to power Corning’s growth for the next decade and beyond. We remain closely engaged with the SPS and support its efforts to address this important public health issue. We look forward to being able to share additional updates soon. In Display, we’re delivering stable returns. During 2018, we extended our global leadership by successfully ramping the world’s first Gen 10.5 glass plant. This accomplishment allowed us to grow volume faster than the overall market. Also, the Display Glass pricing environment continues to improve. We reached the important milestone of mid-single-digit year-over-year price declines in the second half of 2018. In fact, 2018 was the best pricing environment in more than a decade. We expect the pricing environment to improve further in 2019 and reach mid-single-digit declines for the full-year. We’re off to a great start with first quarter price declines expected to be significantly better than quarter one 2018 and the best quarter one in a decade. Display will continue to execute its proven strategy to deliver stable returns. So, we continue to make significant progress across all our market access platforms, ultimately, we remain on track to fully achieve our strategy and capital allocation framework goals. In 2018, we leveraged our investments to meet increased demand from our customers, grow sales, and significantly improve profitability in the second half just as we said we would. Looking ahead, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustained performance. We have multiple businesses driving our growth. Our capabilities are becoming increasingly vital to important trends. Our relationships with industry-leading customers are opening new opportunities and our strategic investments are paying off. We’re not only succeeding in building a bigger company, we’re building a stronger more resilient one. We look forward to outlining the next pace of our strategic framework in the coming months. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and outlook.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell and good morning. We had another outstanding quarter and our full-year results exceeded our expectations. In 2018, we did what we said we were going to do, which was to expand our manufacturing capacity in the first half and begin leveraging those growth investments in the second half. In 2019, we expect to build on this momentum and keep growing across all of our businesses. Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the primary difference between our GAAP and core results is again a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. As we discussed before, GAAP accounting requires earning translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to beat mark-to-market and recorded a card value at the end of each quarter even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us this resulted in an after-tax GAAP loss of $180 million for the fourth quarter. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic uncertainty it provides. We have received $1.7 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception slightly over 5 years ago. Now, that brings me to our results and outlook. For the fourth quarter, sales were up 15% year-over-year to $3.1 billion, net income rose 18% to $539 million, and EPS was $0.59, up 28%. For the full year, sales were $11.4 billion and EPS was $1.78, both up 11%. As Wendell noted, this strong growth resulted from customers adopting our innovation and from us capturing the benefits of our capacity investments. As a reminder, our capacity expansion projects in 2018 supported strong committed customer demand across all businesses. These investments include capacity expansion for optical fiber and cable, Gen 10.5 Display Glass, gasoline particulate filters and multiple development projects such as Gorilla Glass for mobile devices and automotive. 2018 capital spending totaled $2.2 billion. As our new capacity ramp towards full production levels, our sales run-rate climbed and our gross margin expanded by 42% in the second half of the year. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $2.4 billion of cash. Adjusted operating cash flow for the year was $3.2 billion and on track for the cumulative target in the full year capital allocation plan. Now, let’s look at the detailed segment results and outlook. In Display Technologies, we are delivering stable returns. Our full year sales were $3.3 billion, up 4% year-over-year. Fourth quarter performance was in line with our expectations. Sales were $899 million and net income was $240 million. 2018 was the best pricing environment in more than a decade. As expected, fourth quarter price declines were very moderate and in mid single-digit percentage year-over-year and even more moderate than Q3. With over 90% of our volume under contract, we expect our full year 2019 price declines to improve further to a mid single-digit percentage and to be even better than they were in 2018. For the first quarter of 2019, we expect sequential price declines to be significantly better than the first quarter of 2018 and be the most favorable first quarter price change in over a decade. Now, three factors continue to drive our view that this favorable pricing environment will continue. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced or even tight. Our new Gen 10.5 plant supports the expected growth of large size TVs. It is co-located with and dedicated to our customer BOE. We pay for the line capacity in tandem with BOE to ensure our Gen 10.5 glass supply is balanced to demand. The ramp is on schedule. We expect the glass supply demand balance below Gen 10.5 to continue to be tight. As public information indicates, there is low capacity growth planned in the segment. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, Display Glass manufacturing requires ongoing investment in current capacity to maintain operations. To generate acceptable returns on investments, glass pricing will need to improve even further. For cloning, we will only add capacity if we can get an attractive return for our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, display glass market volumes were low single-digit sequentially and our volume grew faster as expected due to the ramp of our Gen 10.5 plant. For the full year, the display glass market volume increased mid single-digits as expected driven by growth in TV screen size. We expect mid single-digit growth again in 2019 also driven by growth in TV screen size. We also expect our volume to grow more than the market once again resulting from the ramp of our Gen 10.5 plant during that 2018. In the first quarter of 2019, we expect the display glass market to be up mid single-digits year-over-year and our volume to be up significantly more. Sequentially, we expect the market and our volume to decline by a mid single-digit percentage consistent with normal seasonality. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current dynamics in our display business including our ability to capture higher productivity and margin through fleet optimization and the Gen 10.5 ramp and most importantly the fact that we are now delivering stable returns. Let’s move to our fastest growing segment Optical Communications. Full year sales were $4.2 billion, up 18% for the second consecutive year. The business is on track to surpass its goal of $5 billion in 2020 sales. Net income was up 26% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter sales exceeded $1 billion for the third consecutive quarter and we were up 26% over 2017. Net income for the quarter was up 60% year-over-year. Sales growth for the year and the quarter were driven by multi-year data center and carrier projects, availability of new manufacturing capacity as well as sales from the recently acquired 3M Communications Markets division. As planned we are leveraging our capacity investments to drive higher volume and earnings. Our mid-year acquisition of 3M’s Communications Markets division contributed about $200 million to 2018 sales. We are pleased with our progress on integrating this acquisition and continue to expect it to be accretive to EPS in 2019. Looking forward, we expect first quarter sales to be up in the low-20% range year-over-year. We expect another year of growth with full year 2019 sales up low-teens. Key growth drivers include customer projects and the full year of sales from the 3M acquisition. Our customers, the world’s leading network and cloud operators, continue to deploy Corning’s optical solutions to densify their 4G, 5G and data center networks. We continue to be very excited about the growth ahead of us. Environmental Technologies, 2018 sales were $1.3 billion, up 17% year-over-year, driven by growth in all product categories and accelerated by emerging sales of GPF. Net income grew faster than sales at 26% year-over-year. 2018 GPF sales were more than $50 million as demand ramped strongly in the second half of the year primarily in Europe. We are now starting to sell into China with early adoption of China 6 regulations. Dedicated capacity and engineering investments support the ramp of this business. Fourth quarter environmental sales grew 10% year-over-year. Looking to 2019, we expect first quarter sales growth of mid single-digits and the full year sales to be up high single-digits year-over-year. We expect $150 million of GPS sales in 2019 and we continue to add capacity to meet the additional demand. In Specialty Materials, 2018 results were strong after an exceptional year of 25% sales growth in 2017. Full year sales rose 5% as OEMs adopted our portfolio of premium glass products and the use of glass backs doubled to about 30% of smartphones in 2018. Fourth quarter sales were $399 million in line with our expectations and up 2% versus a very strong fourth quarter in 2017 when customers built aggressively to support launch cycles. Overall, we are pleased with our performance in Specialty Materials. Our results demonstrate the value of our premium glasses, the strength of our innovation portfolio, and the continued adoption of glass smartphone backs. For the first quarter, we expect sales to grow mid-to-high single-digits year-over-year. We also expect to grow again for the full-year despite a mature market, exactly how much will depend on the adoption rate of our innovations. In Life Sciences, 2018’s sales were $946 million, up 8% year-over-year, with strong fourth quarter sales as we continue to outpace market growth. Net income was up 23% year-over-year, driven by higher sales volume and manufacturing efficiencies. We expect sales growth to be a low to mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year for the first quarter and full-year. In summary, 2018 was a terrific year. All of our businesses had strong momentum and we expect another year of sales, gross margin, net income, and EPS growth in 2019. We expect 2019 gross margin dollars and percent to expand due to the manufacturing capacity that came online in 2018, our improved utilization of that capacity and the strength of our sales growth. The percentage increase will be somewhat muted due to our continuing investments in 2019 to meet committed demand for optical communications, GPF, and automotive glass. We expect to see the sales and margin benefit of these additional investments starting Q2 and build throughout the remainder of the year. In the first quarter, we expect double-digit year-over-year sales, gross margin dollars, and net income growth. We expect gross margin percent to improve slightly from Q1, 2018. Sequentially, we expect Q1 gross margin dollars and percent to be down due to seasonality in Display and Specialty as is typical. We expect both to improve in Q2 and to continue climbing throughout the year. Annual operating expenses should remain consistent with last year as a percentage of sales. For the full-year, SG&A is expected to be about 14% of sales and RD&E between 8% and 8.5%. We expect other income, other operating expenses to be approximately $250 million for the year. Full year gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $210 million predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductor, with the first quarter add approximately $20 million consistent with typical seasonality. Fourth quarter 2018 gross equity earnings were $152 million. Our tax rate should be between 21% and 22% for the year and for the quarter. The slide we posted gives you additional modeling details for the first quarter and the full-year. In 2019, we expect to spend just over $2 billion on capital expenditures with programs in every market access platform. How much more will depend on how quickly we ramp some of our investments. We’ll provide more detail as the year progresses. Finally, I would like to make a couple of comments on the economic environment, in particular, China. First, as we said previously, we do not expect the material impact from the enacted tariffs. Second, we incorporated conservative estimates for China end-market demand for TVs and autos and our strong guidance and outlook for 2019. If Chinese demand is better, there is an opportunity for upside. In closing, 2018 demonstrates that we are delivering on our priorities to grow and extend our leadership. Results were outstanding with 11% sales growth and second half margin expansion. Our strong guidance reflects the rich set of opportunities ahead of us in 2019 and beyond as we continue to grow faster than the market across all of our businesses. We are also rewarding investors by returning more than $12.5 billion to shareholders, which compounds the benefit of our future growth for long-term shareholders. With that, let’s move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. Tanya, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations on the results. Wendell, bit of an open-ended question for you on optical, so you obviously are growing a lot faster than market. So I was curious if you could maybe one, talk about some of the key end-markets you are serving and what you are expecting in terms of spending there? And then one of the key innovations that are driving the out-growth in say like datacenter, broadband and wireless? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, Steve. So, the primary reason we are growing faster in the market really has sort of two layers to it. First of all, in just seeing new networks being put in place that used to be fiber-poor and because of the requirements in our innovations are going to be fiber-rich. So in a way for us you can think about it as it’s not just more networks right, but basically it’s more us in the network and that’s why you start to see us begin to differentiate for the industry growth. Take something like wireless as everybody has heard a lot about 4G densification or 5G, wireless today is a relatively fiber lean architecture. As you move to the wireless of the future, you end up adding a lot of glass, so as they talk about wireless networks densifying what that really means is they are glassifying. And so if you compare us to others who already in the wireless market, we were pretty small, but now we are getting pretty big, because of our innovations in the requirements for what it is, how you need fiber optics expertise offer. You see a similar dynamic happening in datacenters with the continued strong growth really at the percent of the load that’s cloud based, which then allows when you do things like public cloud into very large private cloud. You would concentrate much more processing power, right, that is shared across many, that then makes it more economical, which we have that bandwidth all in one place, so start using fiber where you used to use copper, so once again, a substitution effect. Now, all of these things are furthered by the dynamic that we have a set of unique innovations in all of those areas that give us some additional advantage versus other players. So that’s why you tend to see the difference. Now, then you asked another question which is where do we expect to see the growth here in the coming years. We expect to see it being driven by in access networks, especially with an accent on wireless densification. And then we do expect to see a hyperscale datacenter business to continue to grow strongly and has now a new concept of sort of what edge compute and where edge cloud is that also opening up some opportunities for us. So, sorry for the long answer, Steve and does that get at the core of what you are talking about.
Steven Fox: Yes, it does. Just one other clarification on the hyperscale builds, can you just sort of talk about how that plays out. It tends to be lumpy in general. Did these new contracts actually smooth out the business for you and like what’s involved in them if you can expand – to the extent you expand on that?
Wendell Weeks: That’s a really good question. So you rise if they tend to be pretty big construction projects to the little like our access network builds, which are also big civil works projects. They can be kind of lumpy. I think what the new contracts do here not so much has changed the civil works of reality of putting in these large facilities. As it does is it increases both the size of our business and the number of different areas that we are doing, the number of different customers that we are doing it with and the number of different locations we are building at. So by increasing the number of projects in a way it becomes a little smoother, not because the individual projects aren’t lumpy, they are, but that they end up being in slightly different stages at different times. But I am quite sure at some point we will hit a time where things look a little lumpier because the number of the projects go together.
Steven Fox: Great. It’s very helpful. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Tony, you are displaying net income margin average 25% for 2018 and it was in the 28% range for ‘17, you are talking about continued improvement, should I assume that it’s going to take couple of years to get back to that 28% margin or is there any other metric that you can provide so that we could better see how the margin improvement, especially for display going to track? And then for Wendell, specialty material, you have been investing in diversifying outside of the smartphone, it’s great to know that you have higher content in the smartphone, but can you provide us an update on diversification out of the smartphone and into other end markets? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Sure, Mehdi. Let me take the display question first. I mean, clearly what happened to us in display in the first half of the year is that we saw our – some margin contraction and that was driven both by our investment in Gen 10.5, but then was also driven by our fleet optimization. And what we saw in the second half of the year was the benefit of those things to occur. And you saw it in the fourth quarter results where our profits were up more than our – the sales were I mean year-over-year basis. And so when we have always talked about stabilization, what we have talked about is getting to a certain profit level and continuing that on a going forward basis. And we think that we feel good about the stabilization we saw in the second half, in fact the fact that we grew profits in the second half and we think that’s evidence of the strategy that we have been working on for a number of years really starting to pay off. And then to the content piece and wearables going outside of smartphone, we of course expect smartphones for the foreseeable future to be people’s primary device. But where we are making really strong progress is in the areas like wearables, notebooks and augmented realty, right. And so in wearables and notebooks what we have done in both of those areas is introduced using our vapor deposition technologies new composite materials that take our value on something like a wearable and in notebook up like a factor of five. And so either outside smartphones you can see us playing the same basic approach which is getting our new innovations adopted in those areas that also allows to add value. Then you have entirely new device categories like augmented reality where you are seeing the potential start to take shape for really significant innovation and the vast new device category, but it’s soon, it’s too soon to get too excited about it. This is the time for all the positioning innovations and that’s something that years from now will offer a larger opportunity for us than what it is smartphones do today. But that’s going to take a while to develop.
Mehdi Hosseini: Can I have a follow-up here if I may? It seems to me in the specialty material and environmental technology you are executing and able to increase content either for smartphone or for other applications, as to end market diversification is maybe a couple of years away, is that the best way to summarize this?
Wendell Weeks:
.:
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Tony, can you address sort of the overall gross margins in 2019, pretty easy compares from Q1 of last year when you are ramping your Gen 10, but you’re talking about only a marginal uplift here in Q1 of this year and you noted some investments. So, could you just give us some sense on sort of the magnitude of these investments and the overall magnitude of gross margin improvement like as 50 basis points or 100 basis points in 2019? And a quick follow-up to your comment about China end market assumptions being conservative. Can you maybe quantify those? Are you talking about auto production down 10% like what is smartphone assumptions, what TV unit assumptions, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Wamsi, overall, we’re really pleased with our gross margin performance. We said at the beginning of 2018 that we’re investing intensely and that would lead to significant growth and margin expansion in the back half and that’s exactly what happened. Our sales were up 16% in back half over the first half and our gross margins expanded about 150 basis points. And we expect going forward continued strong margin performance both in dollars and percentages but does get somewhat muted by investments that we’re making. And the good news is, those investments are for committed growth in Optical Communications, GPF, and then Auto Glass, and we’re going to start seeing those investments starting in Q2, the benefits of those investments and it’s going to expand from there. Now in any given quarter things are going to be impacted by seasonality of our businesses like it is in the first quarter by the various mixes that we have in the businesses, but we’re happy with our – each of our businesses’ performances, they are the best in the industries and also just like the total impact of these investments. So, in Q1 you see some of these investments impacting us, but the main reason why Q1 is down versus Q4 is really the seasonality not the investments. In terms of China, we were happy with the approach we took in the third and the fourth quarter. It turned out that we were exactly right on both in terms of where the auto production ended up in China and also from a TV standpoint. So, we feel good about that and as we go forward into next year, we’re assuming the declines in both of those markets and the strong guidance that I gave you for the year.
Ann Nicholson: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: Yes, hi guys, thanks for fitting me in. I just had a real quick question on the full-year guidance, maybe a two-parter actually. So, the guidance is better than we expected. The most bullish point of it is Display. And I wondered if within Display you could talk about the interplay of your share assumptions versus unit growth assumptions. So, any color you can give us on which of those – how much share you expect to gain for example would be interesting? And then on Specialty, is all of the weakness or the slowdown in Specialty China or are there other macro issues that you see or demand issues, just any further color on that would also be helpful in that full year guide? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me start with the Display guidance. Fundamentally, what drives our, the Glass market and Display, of course, is screen size. And in 2018, the screen size drove the market growth to the mid single-digits and that’s what we expect to happen again. Now, we also were benefited a little bit in 2018, where the number of TV units went up, but that’s still – what really matters here is the screen size growth. As we go into 2019 we again think the market is going to grow about the mid single-digits and what’s driving that is the screen size growth. Now, most people looking at the market think that TV units themselves are going to be flat to down a little bit, a lot of that being driven in China and we have factored that into our projections. But what really drives the market is the screen size growth and we expect it once again to be in about the mid single-digits. Now we will grow faster than that because of the Gen 10.5 ramp. But generally speaking, it’s about the mid single-digits. Relative to Specialty Materials, again what really drives the growth there is the technology adoption of our products, which as Wendell would say, having more Corning in those products. Last year, I think most people believe smartphones were down a little bit. That’s what they are projecting again for this year, lot of that being driven in China, but the reason that we are confident that we can be up is because of the adoption of the technologies. How much were going to be up will depend on the actual timing of that adoption, but we feel pretty good about that.
Rod Hall: Okay.
Wendell Weeks: Just briefly on your share question, we cannot think about it so much as share as what’s happening is with this constant move to larger-sized TVs and these new Gen 10.5 plants that are getting built. When those happen, we co-locate and build a Gen 10.5 glass plant with a customer. And since those plants have a much lower cost platform for our overall large television panels, what we expect is that category of Gen 10.5 to take more and more of the market and it just so happens that because of our lead technically right, that ends up being more us than in the below 10 Gen – than the below 10.5. So, that’s another dynamic. This is what’s leading to the more us than Tony’s comments of the overall market growth. Did that answer your question, Rod?
Rod Hall: Yes, thanks Wendell. It’s very helpful. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Asiya Merchant. Please go ahead.
Asiya Merchant: Thank you and congratulations as well on the strong quarter. Quick question on Optical, you guys have been posting strong net income margin growth in that segment. Obviously, as you scale, it’s still obviously below Display. How should we think about the improvement in utilization helping to kind of bridge that gap? Are we ever going to get to margin, not net income, but even on the gross margin line getting to corporate average given the additional investments you are going to be making in 2019? Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. We are really thrilled with our performance in our Optical Communications business. I mean, we have both been growing sales significantly and we have been growing our profitability even greater than that. And that’s what the real focus is on any given business unit at Corning. I mean, that’s how we measure the business unit success and we are having great success in Optical Communications. We have had some margin expansion in that business and I would expect to continue to have some margin expansion in that business. And I think that’s the way to model. We don’t spend a lot of time comparing business to business, because each of them have different economics and different levels of investment, but I mean we feel great about the Optical Communications performance.
Asiya Merchant: Great. And just if I may given that you are annualizing the 3M acquisition in 2019, the core organic, is that still growing at low-teens or is there any downshift in expectations there?
Tony Tripeny: No, we feel great about our organic growth and in fact if you look at the Q1 numbers, the organic growth is almost about 20% on a year-over-year basis. So we feel really good about organic growth.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: We have time for one more question we can squeeze in.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes. Hey, thanks. Hey, Wendell, I must say solid results here. My question is not on Optical this time it’s on Auto Glass, continue to hear lot of news flow around AutoGrade Glass you’re getting into Automotive Interiors, talk to us about how the demand – how that business kind of unravels heading into rest of the year? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for noticing what everything that our customers are saying about us. As I shared last quarter basically our AutoGrade Interior opportunity has come a lot faster than we were ready for operationally. And so we’re investing in a dedicated plant that uses our unique vapor deposition technologies and a part-making capability to be able to set up to start to serve that really strong committed demand that we’re getting. I think this year is going to be that year where you’re seeing the real breakthrough and you’ll start to see the revenues really start to flow. Getting it exactly right of where on the adoption curve we are, we’re still a little early, right, to be able to accurately call while I think the rate of adoption is going to be excellent, revenue growth is going to be, why, we’re still a little bit early to be able to call it, but the great news is, is that’s going to be a real business and it’s going to have real revenues and we’re investing against it and ultimately, we think it’s going to be a real big business. If we’re right on our innovations and this product is as cool as we think it is, we’ll go and like this.
Vijay Bhagavath: Excellent. Thank you, again.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Vijay. And I shall close by saying thank you all for joining us. I also want to let you know that we’ll be at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 12, and we’ll be hosting an Investor Day in New York City on June 14. We’ll also be hosting some virtual presentations and webcasts on business topics throughout the year. Finally, the web replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Tony, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Division VP, IR Wendell Weeks - Chairman and CEO Tony Tripeny - SVP and CFO Jeff Evenson - SVP and Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: Asiya Merchant - Citigroup Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joseph Wolf - Barclays James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Steven Fox - Cross Research Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs Tejas Venkatesh - UBS Rob Cihra - Guggenheim Partners
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Three 2018 Earnings Call. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Haley, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the Company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, and we encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website to download. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported excellent sales and earnings growth for the third quarter, and we’re increasing our full-year 2018 outlook. In total, for the quarter, sales were $3 billion, up 16% year-over-year; net income was $476 million, up 18 year-over-year; and EPS was $0.51, up 28% year-over-year. We also delivered on our goal to improve gross margin to 42%, a significant increase over last year and the first half of 2018. All businesses delivered year-over-year sales and NPAT growth. Highlights include Optical sales up 22% year-over-year; Environmental sales up 19% year-over-year; Specialty Materials sales up 23% year-over-year, better than expected, driven by strong pull for new innovations such as Gorilla Glass 6. In Display, as expected sales and net income grew year-over-year, and annual price decline continue to improve, reaching the important milestone of mid single digits. As we said we would, we grew sales and profitability significantly by leveraging our recent phase of intense operating and capital investments to capture substantial benefits. Third quarter results demonstrate a step change in our earnings power. Underpinning our success are climbing production and efficiency rates at several of the largest expansion projects, plus strong customer adoption of our innovations. Our annualized sales run rate now exceeds $12 billion. Growth is accelerating and our margins are expanding. Execution across the Company is outstanding. We expect to exceed $11.3 billion in full-year sales, up more than 10% year-over-year. And we expect to build on this strength as we address the rich set of opportunities ahead of us. So, we feel great about both the back half of 2018 and our future opportunities, as Tony will describe in just a few moments. Now, let’s turn to the strategy and capital allocation framework, which outlines our leadership priorities. Under the framework, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019; we plan to return more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends, and to $10 billion to extend our leadership and deliver growth. We continue to make great progress toward the framework goals we announced in October of 2015. Our cash generation is on target. And through the end of the third quarter, we have returned $11.4 billion to shareholders. Dividends per share have increased 50% since the framework began. Investments in RD&E, capital expenditures and acquisitions also remain on track to our four-year plan, totaling $7.3 billion through September 30th. As outlined in our framework, Corning is best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. Capabilities are interrelated and reinforcing. We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities that use capabilities in at least two of these three categories. This increases our probability of success, reduces the cost of innovation and creates stronger competitive advantages, and delights our customers. Now, turn to our progress in each of our market access platforms, starting with Optical Communications. Our performance in Optical Communications continues to be outstanding. We remain the world leader in passive optical solutions and the only true end-to-end supplier of integrated solutions. First, I want to note the team’s response to the September hurricane in North Carolina, home to most of our fiber and cable manufacturing. Our people pulled together and did an outstanding job, working through the challenges of Hurricane Florence. They showed the highest level of commitment to safety and to supporting each other. Despite this powerful storm, their efforts kept us on track with our expectation for high-teen sales growth this year. Next, recognition of the value created by our solutions and our unique co-innovation approach continues to grow. We continue to secure contracts with industry leaders in the carrier and data center segments that will add significant sales in 2019 and beyond. These multiyear commitments support additional manufacturing capacity and drive profitable growth. We continue to reach milestones that demonstrate our long track record of innovation and industry expertise. Less than a year ago we announced that we had sold over 1 billion kilometers of optical fiber. And in August, we announced that our pre-connectorized fiber-to-the home solutions have passed more than 45 million homes around the world. We’re also proud to have reduced energy intensity in our fiber and cable plants by 50%, as part of our commitment to protecting the environment through continuous improvement to processes, products and services. Stepping back, we positioned our Optical Communications market access platform to deliver advantaged optical fiber, cable and connectivity solutions for access networks, cloud, data centers, and the network densification necessary for 5G. This year, we’ve ramped fiber and capacity in North Carolina. And during the quarter, we announced the opening of a manufacturing facility in Strykow, Poland. Our investments in innovation and capacity are clearly paying off in the second half of the year. We’re excited about our excellent performance, our current growth, and especially our future opportunities. Now, let’s turn to mobile consumer electronics where we are the world leader in glass for smartphones, tablets and emerging categories like wearables and augmented reality devices. Our goal is to double mobile consumer electronic sales over the next several years. We continue to make significant progress in adding more sales dollars per device, through our innovations while also expanding our share developing regions and entering new product categories. Corning Gorilla Glass has been designed into more than 6 billion devices worldwide, and it is increasingly being adopted for glass backs. We introduced Gorilla Glass 6 in the third quarter and have additional exciting innovations on the roadmap. So, much more to come. We’re also innovating in new device categories. Gorilla Glass continues to be the most widely used cover material on smart watches. And in July, we launched Gorilla Glass DX and Corning Gorilla Glass DX+ which offer enhanced antireflective optics and scratch resistance for wearables. As announced in August, you will find DX+ on the Samsung Galaxy Watch; in addition the Fitbit Charge 3 launched in August, featuring Gorilla Glass. Corning also partners with leading consumer electronics makers on augmented reality devices and precise 3D sensing technology. The glass we supply, coupled with our laser processing and characterization tools, enables optimized image quality, compact form factors and more accurate facial recognition. Overall, we continue to be excited about bringing our innovations to market to drive our sales and profit growth and to enhance the way we all benefit from our personal devices. Turning to the automotive market access platform. Our expertise focuses on helping customers build cleaner, safer and more connected vehicles. Our leadership in gasoline particulate filter technology puts us at the forefront of the next wave of emissions control. European regulations took full effect in September and GPF sales are ramping as we partner with most major automakers to equip their European vehicles with the technology necessary for compliance. China will be next to introduce GPFs with initial filter sales in 2019 as OEMs prepare for the first phase of China 6 regulations in mid-2020. Last week, we announced that Changan Automobile selected Corning as its supplier for gasoline particulate filters. This agreement is based on our strong long-term partnership with one of the largest Chinese automakers. Once regulations are fully implemented in Europe and China, we expect gasoline particulate filters to add a $0.5 billion in annual sales for Corning. Next, excitement about Gorilla Glass for auto continues to grow, industry trends for greater connectivity, economy, sharing and electrification are driving demand for technical glass; polls for collaboration from more than 20 leading OEMs is increasing; and we’ve been awarded more than 50 platforms to date. One customer, Porsche, describe the benefits of using Gorilla Glass as “ideal visual characteristics, low weight and very high strength”. Another customer, Harley Davidson launched its 2019 line touring and trike motorcycle featuring infotainment system with Gorilla Glass. It uses our advanced surface treatment for exceptional visibility in bright sunlight. Overall, we have several hundred million dollars in our auto glass business pipeline. These customer commitments require the creation of a dedicated factory for Gorilla Glass for auto interiors, which we announced in July. We expected it to be operational in 2019. In our Life Sciences Vessels platform, we continue to make strong progress on the path to a new, long-term, multibillion dollar franchise. Valor Glass substantially reduces particle contamination, breaks and cracks while significantly increasing throughput. Valor helps protect patients and improve pharmaceutical manufacturing. Key customers are advancing toward the FDA certification required for the use of Valor. Our development partners, Merck and Pfizer are at the fore front. To support individual drug regulatory filings by our customers, we increased our shipments of Valor Glass by three fold versus this time last year, indicating growing progress toward certification across more pharmaceutical companies. In parallel, we are supporting customers by scaling up production. We brought new capacity online in the third quarter and expanded our range of products. We’re also progressing with the construction of the new high volume manufacturing facility in North Carolina that we announced in April. Finally, industry pull remains favorable. In September, more than 40 leaders in the pharmaceutical industry visited Corning for the annual Drug and Pharmaceutical Packaging Committee meeting which we hosted. They learned about the patient safety and manufacturing benefits of Valor Glass. We continue to believe Valor Glass has the potential to power Corning’s growth for the next decade and beyond. And we remain closely engaged with the FDA and support its efforts to address this important public health issue. We look forward to being able to share additional update soon. In Display, we’re delivering stable returns. TV retail demand and screen size growth supported strong volume growth in the display glass market. Corning is exceeding this growth due to the ramp of our Gen 10.5 plant in tandem with BOE’s panel production, further expanding our global industry leadership. As the benefits of our investment in fleet optimization and Gen 10.5 take-hold, profitability is improving substantially in the second half, as we planned.  In the third quarter, as expected, pricing continued to improve. We reached the important milestone of annual mid-single-digit percentage price decline, and expect the improvement trend to continue in the fourth quarter. We also expect our full-year 2019 price declines to further improve from 2018. So, we continue to make significant progress across all our market access platforms. Ultimately, we remain on track to fully achieve our strategy in capital allocation framework goals. We’ve leveraged our investments to meet increased demand from our customers, grow sales and significantly improve profitability in the third quarter. We will continue to reap the benefits of those investments in the future, and are very well-positioned to deliver strong growth for the remainder of the year and beyond. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and outlook.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. We had an outstanding quarter. Each one of our businesses delivered excellent results with year-over-year sales and profit growth across the board. We expect very strong performance again for the fourth quarter and full-year, and now expect to exceed $11.3 billion in sales for 2018. We have passed an inflection point. Our significant investments over the last few quarters are now delivering greater sales and profitability. We are gaining momentum and we plan to build on that going forward. Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the primary difference between our GAAP and core results is again a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. As we discussed before, GAAP accounting requires earning translation hedge contract settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of the each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this resulted in an after tax GAAP gain of a $151 million for the third quarter. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher servicing for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We’ve received $1.6 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since our inception, slightly over five years ago. That brings me to our results and outlook. Third quarter sales increased 16% year-over-year; net income was up 18%; and EPS was $0.51 up 28%. As Wendell noted, this strong growth results from customers adopting our innovation and realizing the benefits from our capacity investments. As a reminder, our capacity expansion projects support strong and committed customer demand across all businesses. These investments include capacity expansions for optical fiber and cable, our Gen 10.5 display glass plant, capacity for gasoline particulate filters, and multiple development projects, including Gorilla Glass for mobile devices and for automotive. As our new capacity continues to ramp towards full production levels, our sales run rate is climbing and our gross margin is going up. Gross margin in the third quarter expanded to 42%, and we expect to sustain that level in the fourth quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion of cash, and adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was $956 million. Now let’s look at detailed segment results and outlook. In Display Technologies, we’re delivering stable returns. Third quarter sales were $852 million and net income was $218 million, both up sequentially and year-over-year. As we explained in July, the gross margin in our display business is improving because of two factors, the Gen 10.5 startup and fleet optimization. Our investments in successful capacity ramp are expanding our leadership and contributing significantly to the stable profits we’re now seeing. As expected, third quarter sequential price declines were very moderate, and we reached the important milestone of annual price declines improving to a mid-single-digit percentage. For the fourth quarter, we expect sequential price declines to be even more moderate than the third quarter. We expect our full-year 2019 price declines to further improve from 2018 Three factors drive our view that this favorable pricing environment will continue. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced or even tight. Our new Gen 10.5 plant supports the expected growth of large-sized TVs. It is co-located with and dedicated to our customer BOE. We pace and align capacity in tandem with BOE to ensure our Gen 10.5 glass supply is balanced to demand; the ramp is on schedule. We expect the glass supply demand balance below Gen 10.5 to tighten further because demand continues to grow while public information indicates there is little capacity growth planned in this segment by glass makers. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, display glass manufacturing requires ongoing investments in current capacity to maintain operations. To generate acceptable returns on investments, glass pricing will need to improve even further. For Corning, we will only add capacity if we can get an attractive return for our shareholders. Moving retail. TV demand has been strong year-to-date and we expect it to remain robust for the rest of the year. We continue to expect TV screen size to grow 1.5 inches this year. We also continue to expect display glass market volume growth in the mid single digits for the full year. Third-quarter display glass market volume grew mid-single-digit sequentially and our volume grew faster as we ramp production in Gen 10.5 plant in line with our July guidance. In the fourth quarter of 2018, we expect the display glass market volume to grow low single digit sequentially and our volume to grow faster as we continue ramping Gen 10.5 production in tandem with BOE’s Gen 10.5 demand. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current dynamics in our display business, our ability to capture higher productivity and margin through fleet optimization and the Gen 10.5 plant, and most importantly the fact that we are now delivering stable returns. Let’s move to this year’s fastest growing segment, Optical Communications. Third quarter sales were up 22% year-over-year and exceeded $1 billion for the second quarter in a row. Sales growth was driven by both our data center and carrier customers, and sales from 3M’s Communication Markets Division, which we acquired in June. Net income was a $168 million, up 27% year-over-year. Our capital investments are yielding clear benefits. Fourth quarter sales are expected to remain strong and be up low single digit sequentially. Capacity continues to ramp, which will enable us to meet additional demand from large projects under way of multiple customers in both the carrier and data center businesses. On a year-over-year basis, sales growth is expected to exceed 22%. Overall, we are growing Optical Communications much faster than the market. Our growth is driven by preference for our advantaged solutions in the data center and carrier market, and enabled by increased fiber and cable output from our new capacity expansions. We continue to expect high teens growth for the full-year with organic growth in the low teens. Our mid-year acquisitions of 3M’s Communication Markets Division contribute to that $200 million of the 2018 sales growth. We are pleased with our progress on integrating this acquisition and continue to expect it to be accretive to EPS in 2019. Environmental Technologies third quarter sales were $331 million, up 19% year-over-year. Third quarter net income grew faster than sales. Our results in this business benefit from volume growth in all product categories as well as strong performance in our manufacturing operations. The North America heavy-duty market continued to drive strong demand, resulting in year-over-year diesel sales growth of 30% for the third quarter. In auto, we are growing our sales faster than the market due to winning additional business and the shift to premium products. Sales were up 12% year-over-year. Additionally, gas articulate filters contributed to growth as OEMs ramp for full adoption of Euro 6 regulations, which began in September. We are making progress on capacity and engineering investments to support the ramp of the GPF business. We expect growth to continue in the fourth quarter with sales up high single digits year-over-year. We expect our full-year sales to be at mid-teens year-over-year with continued strength in sales of all products, including ramping GPF sales. In Specialty Materials, third-quarter performance was exceptionally strong with sales of $459 million, up 23% year-over-year and ahead of our expectations. This outstanding growth was driven by a strong pull for Gorilla Glass innovations to support second half new product releases. Net income was $116 million, up 35% year-over-year. The third quarter demonstrates our ability to innovate and deliver value-added products at a premium price. For example, the use of glass on the backs of phones has doubled over the past year. We delivered another breakthrough innovation in July with Gorilla Glass 6 and broadened our portfolio to capture more value in multiple applications. Innovations like these, increase the value of our glass, extend our differentiation, and support using more glass in more places. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales to remain strong and be comparable with the fourth quarter of 2017, which was Specialty’s highest sales quarter. For the full-year, we expect mid single digit sales growth, after an exceptionally strong year of 25% growth in 2017. In Life Sciences, third quarter sales were $231 million, up 4% year-over-year. And net income grew 20%, driven by improved manufacturing performance. Fourth quarter sales are expected to grow by a low to mid single digit percentage year-over-year. We remain on track to deliver full-year sales growth of a mid to high single digit percentage over last year, which outpaces overall market growth. So, for 2018, all of our businesses have positive momentum. We now expect full-year sales to exceed $11.3 billion, which is up slightly more than 10%. Now, I’ll share some additional outlook details. First, let’s turn to gross margin. We delivered on our goal to expand our gross margins at 42%. As we said we would, we accomplished this goal by ramping the new capacity in Optical, ramping the new capacity in Display, and completing the display fleet optimization. We expect to sustain this gross margin percentage in the fourth quarter. This is a significant improvement over the first half and versus last year. Annual operating expenses should remain consistent with last year as a percentage of sales. For the fourth quarter, SG&A is expected to be about 14% of sales and RD&E about 8%. We expect other income other expense in Q4 to remain at our third quarter run rate or about $55 million to $65 million. For the full-year, we expect the net expense of approximately $210 million to $220 million. Full-year gross equity earnings are expected to be similar to 2017 at just over $200 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductor with fourth quarter at approximately $120 million, consistent with typical seasonality. Recall that the timing of contracts typically makes Hemlock’s fourth quarter its strongest. In the third quarter, our year-to-date tax rate is 20.8%. We expect our effective tax rate in Q4 to remain at this level. The slides we posted give you additional modeling related details for the fourth quarter and the full-year.  In 2018, we expect to spend slightly more than $2 billion on capital expenditures with programs in every market access platform. Finally, I’d like to make a couple of comments on China. First, as we said in July, we do not expect a material impact from the enacted tariffs. Second, we have incorporated conservative estimates for China end market demand for TVs and autos in our strong guidance and outlook for 2019. If Chinese demand is better, there is an opportunity for upside. In closing, our very strong third quarter results underscores that we are well positioned and on track for the remainder of our full-year strategy and capital allocation framework. We met our goal to expand margins and now expect to exceed $11.3 billion in full-year sales. Strength is expected to continue across Optical Communications, Specialty Materials, Environmental Technologies, and Life Sciences, and we are delivering stable returns in Display. Other progress on the framework included returning $542 million to shareholders in the third quarter 2018 for a total of $11.4 billion since the framework’s introduction. Putting it all together, we have moved beyond the inflection point. We are now seeing our four-year, $10 billion investment drive growth and extend our leadership. We are rewarding investors by returning more than $12.5 billion, which compounds the benefit of our future growth for long-term shareholders. With that, let’s move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Haley, we’re ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you, and congratulations on the strong quarter. If you can just humor me on China. I know it’s a very conservative guidance that you guys have baked already in. But, if you can just talk about how you’re thinking about the macro demand environment there? And not just as it relates to TV but as it relates to optical as well, I think that will diffuse a lot of investors who’ve been very nervous about China demand elasticity and how that plays out for Corning, not just for this year but also into next year?
Wendell Weeks: So, as I said in my comments, I mean what we’ve tried to do -- or what we have done is to incorporate conservative guidance for the China end markets. For example, on TVs. The TV demand unit has actually been strong this year. Retail has been up about 9% on year-over-year basis year-to-date. But, we’re forecasting it to be up only 2% in the fourth quarter as a reflection of a slowdown in the end market. And very similar from a vehicle standpoint where the market has been up about 3% on a year-to-date basis and we’re expecting it to actually be down 3% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. From an optical standpoint, of course most of our biggest part of our business in optical is actually outside of China and in particularly in the North America market, and that market has been very strong, and you can see that in our optical results.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we’ll go to the line of Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan: So, you’ve completed almost 11.5 out of your at least $12.5 billion in capital return. And I was wondering if you can give us some sense on how willing you might be to take on incremental debt to continue to return cash to shareholders at a time when it seems like a lot of economic indicators are pointing towards somewhat of a peak in the near term. And how should people think about gross margins, heading into next year? You’ve -- obviously exiting with a lot of momentum over here, 42%, as you had thought at the beginning of the year, you’re delivering on that. And it seems as though that with all the growth records you have heading into 2019 that gross margin should commensurately see a pretty decent step up. Am I thinking about that right?
Tony Tripeny: I think from a gross margin standpoint, we’re obviously pleased that all the investments we made in the first -- in over the last couple of years, are paying off, we’re seeing the additional growth, and we’ve expanded our margins to 42%. And although we’re not giving gross margin guidance for next year, I would expect it to stay somewhere at this level. And that’s what we expect in Q4, and that’s roughly what I would expect in 2019. In terms of leveraging, what we said in the capital allocation framework that we would add $3 billion to $4 billion of debt. And we haven’t added that much upto now. And so, we would expect to continue to be able to lever, because we have such strong operating cash flow, and that certainly we’ll continue to look forward, doing over the next -- as we finish up the capital allocation framework.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will go to the line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays.
Joseph Wolf: Question on just optical and the carrier side of the equation. There’s been some enthusiasm about 5G and how that would be related to optical. Verizon seems to have slowed momentarily. I’m just wondering your sense of the 5G deployments and how that’s -- whether we’ve got momentum going into 2019, how you’re looking at optical outside of the data center.
Wendell Weeks: I would characterize 5G as being in the beginning. We’re just really at the early stages of the deployments of infrastructure needed to have a 5G service level. And some of the first ones you see at different carriers are some of the easier ones. You’re really going to see the demand for our products get stronger and stronger as you have to support for mobility for 5G. That’s also going to take phones being upgraded to 5G. So, we’re just right in the beginning and long, long way to go get that much glass in the ground.
Joseph Wolf : Thank you. And if could just ask a follow-up on Valor, and you gave a lot of details, which was helpful. Could you just help us understand how -- what these programs mean in terms of are you selling right now? None of this seems to be approved yet. So, what are the customers taking, are they buying? And have you targeted a specific volume of specific drug as you start these programming? I mean, will we see a first win which is pretty big if you get an FDA approval?
Wendell Weeks: Great question. The way this works is you keep going through stages, even before you file with the FDA. And because change is taken so seriously inside of pharmaceutical production unit, so we go through numbers of trials and then collect stability data and analyze what happened, to be active pharmaceutical ingredient after those trials. So, that’s the stage that we have been in as we have sampled Valor across the industry. The phase we are entering into now will be that our customers will bring a full file with all the data that they’ve collected to the FDA and state their intent to use this package when they produce this drug. At that point, they will began to take Valor really across that entire drug that they have submitted because one of the things that Valor does is enable you to increase throughput as well as guarantee patient safety. And so, what the pharmaceutical companies will want to do is get both of those benefits, every time someone is injected with that particular active pharmaceutical ingredient. Does that answer your question, Joseph?
Joseph Wolf: I guess, just from a selection perspective that’s at the customers, are they targeting small things to see how this works or are they targeting a large kind of active ingredient where you could see a very large win early on with the early approval?
Wendell Weeks: You see different approaches from different pharmaceutical companies. Some people are aiming at their pipeline; other people are aiming at transferring all the current drugs. But, everyone is looking at doing it across their large scale of pharmaceutical product set, because the benefits are they want to accrue to their patients and their production facilities where they actually do volumes. So, very few are saying, let’s just try a little. They -- that’s part of the overall process but what they are really looking at is to take their mainline commercial production over to Valor.
Operator: We’ll go next to line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: I wanted to just ask a quick follow-up to a question that has already been asked. Tony, you said that you’re taking a conservative view, particularly on Chinese demand. I’m wondering, as you’ve formulated your guidance and outlook for the December quarter, are the growth rates that you’re looking for now -- have you reduced those from what maybe you have been looking for earlier in the year? And, are you actually seeing any change in demand that is causing you to be conservative, or are you just being conservative, given the headlines? And I guess, a similar follow-up question is, as we come to the end of the capital allocation program, is there a timeframe that we should be looking at for update as to what comes after that? And what are the kind of the key elements that we should be thinking about us to -- that you’ll be weighing as you think about future capital allocation? 
Tony Tripeny: Sure, James. I think, first on the answer on China, we are being conservative based on headline that we see. And the demand has been strong in China, both in terms of our TV business and also the vehicle business upto now, but we see the headlines and that’s why we’re being conservative. And if that demand turns out to be better, there’s opportunity there for upside. In terms of the framework, I mean clearly, our focus remains on delivering the first four years of that framework. We have more than a year to go. And operationally, we like to deliver on what we say were going to do. And that’s really continues to be our focus. So, at some point next year, I’m sure we’ll talk about what’s beyond 2019. I think, the things to keep in mind is that our businesses, especially display are generating very strong operating cash flow, and we expect that to continue and we expect to continue to have multiple large opportunities for growth in all of our market access platforms. And any cash that’s in excess of that, we will continue with our practice of returning it to shareholders. But in terms of the specifics of that, that we’ll cover sometime in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I just want to ask on display glass pricing where things have been improving on the lines of how you talked about it or guided to it. Just thinking about the upside risk and the downside risk here. Are you now of the scenario in 2019 where prices could eventually be there like flat year-over-year or even kind of increase year-over-year, and what are kind of the developments that could drive faster progress on that front? And then similarly, on the downside, is capacity additions by your competitors, the things that we need to watch out for as we track or monitor kind of the progress on this front?
Wendell Weeks: I think, in terms of the pricing, the important thing here is that we expect our 2019 price declines to further improve from 2018. Certainly, over a time period, we’d like to see them to continue to improve even more than that. But the important thing here is and I think the news and something that’s different than we said before is we do expect that to improve in 2019. In terms of the downside variables, and I explained why I don’t think there is much risk there, and that has to do with glass supply and demand being balanced, the competitors’ profitability challenges and the need to get returns on going investment. So, I think we feel pretty good about our pricing environment right now. It is the best environment in more than a decade.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to line of Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: Good morning, Wendell. Question for you, just bigger picture on the 3M asset, in my view, it’s a strategic asset for optical business. How is it going in terms of topline, synergies and also on OpEx? And I have a follow-on for Tony.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question. We’re delighted with the acquisition and done even better on revenue synergies than we originally thought. It’s still early on the operations integration. So, we’ve got a lot of work ahead of us on that piece. But, we’re really delighted with both the customer access and the product attributes that we’ve been able to bring in to our overall market access platform. So, still early days, but so far so good.
Vijay Bhagavath: Thanks, Wendell. A quick follow-on for Tony on how should we think of gross margins, heading into next year? You have many manufacturing capacitates getting into the production lines. So, any products and how we should think of gross margins, very helpful.
Tony Tripeny: I think that we’re very happy that we’ve reached the 42% gross margins in the back half of this year. And while we’re not giving 2019 guidance, to think about gross margins in that that range I think is appropriate.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we’ll go to the line of Steven Fox of Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Two questions for me. First, following up on that last question. Tony, can you just maybe give us a rough timeline of when some of these expansions sort hit optimal levels from of a utilization rate et cetera? It sounds like the fleet optimization is complete. But, what about the others? And then, secondly, Wendell, can you just talk about, maybe round up the fiber discussion and talk about the data center success a little bit more and maybe where your advancements are having the most impact with those customers?
Tony Tripeny: I think in terms of the capacity ramps, I mean obviously, we’ve been ramping in the third and the fourth quarter, and we continue to expect that to ramp throughout next year. And the good news is that we have committed demand for those capacity ramps. So, we feel good about that.
Wendell Weeks: And on data center, the places where we’re most excited at this moment tend to be as a more and more of the operators are adopting some very high fiber count systems. And then glass, much like the way you used to be thinking about it for the public networks is also breaking into the next layer of those data centers. So, to think about a little like when you went to the public networks, long-haul, to regional, to trail [ph] to home, following that line. We’re seeing that same thing being to happen in these great big mesh networks that are getting built inside these data centers. So, more and more of that architecture is flowing to glass. And the amount of glass required is also going up in terms of fiber account as people try to separate storage from the different processing techniques. And so, you end-up with these big meshes built. And that tends to be really good for glass demand. So, that’s what’s going on. To make that happen, we need a lot of innovations in our connectivity products and how do we manage all that glass. And that’s when we really excited about our product roadmap going forward.
Steven Fox: And just to be clear, Wendell, that’s -- what you just described is sort of in the here and now happening into next year, you are benefiting from those trends?
Wendell Weeks: Yes, we are. The roadmaps that still is part of that we’re going to have to develop to handle this on growing trend to make it even more cost efficient as optics gets closer and closer to those ASICs that are driving the processing, we’re going to have to activate something like our glass knowledge, our ability to handle the optical physics of that and the thermal challenges of that. That’s out in the future. What we’re dealing with right now is the main line of how do we connect that at the current levels that the architectures that are going to.
Operator: We’ll go next to line of Rod Hall of Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: I’ve got couple of questions. I wanted to start with Specialty Materials. If I look at the second half of the year, the numbers are pretty much in line with what we were modeling, but the seasonality is a lot different than what we were modeling, a lot more weighted back into Q3 than Q4. So, I just wanted to see if you could comment on whether that seasonality is what you would expected back earlier in the year, is a little bit different? How that flowed versus what you’ve been expecting earlier in the year? If it’s just our model is not quite being on track with what actually was going to happen? And then, my second question is, on Chinese automotive glass plant, I know you said it will be operational in 2019. Do you have any idea, when and if you can give us an idea on whether that’s earlier, later in the year? And do you anticipate any tariff impact for the product coming out of that plan? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: So, in terms of the Specialty Materials, we’re very happy with the results in the third quarter. We said, for the full year, we were going to grow after a very strong 2017 where we were up 25%, and how much that growth was going to be dependent on the adoption of our innovations. And I think it’s very clear now that that adoption has been incredibly strong. The issue always is, is the timing of that adoptions is up to our customers. And it’s hard for us to know at the beginning of the year, how much those adoptions are going to have, and what quarter they are going to happen. So, from a full-year standpoint, we’re in line with what we expected at the beginning of the year. And from a quarterly standpoint, it just always depends on where the customer orders.
Wendell Weeks: So much like you, we have a hard time getting the seasonality right as well. On the automotive interiors piece, that production is in the midst of getting built right now. That ramp is going -- we will start putting production through that in 2019. I don’t want to call exactly the timing at this point in time because it’s a pretty complicated project, and we also are managing as well as supply chain beyond the factory that we’re building. So, if you just give us a little more time and we start making that public of commercial production to that facility, we will be back to you. On tariffs, the products that we’re making and that our customers will incorporate, at this time are not on any tariff list. So, we don’t anticipate that being an issue, if the trade arrangements continue as we understand them at this time.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to line of Tejas Venkatesh of UBS.
Tejas Venkatesh: Given the panel oversupply, there is some concern out there that some of your customers could convert or perhaps shut down older plans. How should investors think about the impact of this penal supply on Corning?
Wendell Weeks: I think at the end of the day, what really drives our demand is the market and how many people -- how many TVs are sold and what size those TVs are. And as we look at this year, we thought we would be up mid single digits, given both in terms of where the TV unit growth is but most importantly screen size growth. And as we look forward that screen size growth has continued for a number of years and we expect that to continue going forward. So, I think the way people should think about our demand is really driven by the TV market.
Ann Nicholson: We’ve got time for one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from the line of Rob Cihra with Guggenheim Partners. 
Rob Cihra: Thanks very much for squeezing me in. Just a question on CapEx model from here with this year trucking slightly more than $2 billion, that’s driven by a lot of unit capacity expansion, which is great, because it’s driven by demand. I mean, any -- I guess you probably don’t want to give an outlook for 2019 budget yet. But, I mean what are you thinking in terms of the puts and takes, and is that $2 billion kind of a new baseline or the demand dependent, just anything you can give us for 2019 as a model? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: You are right. We don’t want to give guidance for 2019. But recall that our strategy and capital allocation framework said that we would spend between 6 and $7 billion over the full-year period and we still expect to be in that range. 
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Rob. And thank you all for joining us. Before we close today, I wanted to let everyone know that we will be at the Credit Suisse Technology Media and Telecom Conference on November 27th, and the Barclays Global Technology and Media and Telecommunications Conference on December 6th. We’ll be posting some virtual presentations and webcasts on business topics through the quarter. And finally, web replay of today’s call will be available on our site, starting later this morning. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Haley, that concludes the call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Division VP, IR Wendell Weeks - Chairman and CEO Tony Tripeny - SVP and CFO Jeff Evenson - SVP and Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Steven Fox - Cross Research Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Rob Cihra - Guggenheim Partners Rod Hall - Goldman Sachs George Notter - Jefferies James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Joseph Wolf - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Two 2018 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. It’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Amy, and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s Quarter Two 2018 Earnings Call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the Company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They’re also available on our website for downloading. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported strong second quarter results and raised our full-year 2018 outlook. All businesses met or exceeded expectations for the quarter with year-over-year sales growth in each. Highlights include. Optical sales were up 16% year-over-year, and we are increasing our expectations for full-year organic sales growth. Environmental sales were up 21% year-over-year, and we have also increased our full-year outlook. Specialty Materials performed better than expected. We anticipate year-over-year sales growth in quarter three and for the full-year, driven by strong shipments of innovative new products. And finally, progress towards stable returns in Display continued with sales and net income in line with expectations. The pricing environment in Display is the best it has been in more than a decade. We expect to reach the important milestone of annual price declines improving to a mid-single-digit percentage in quarter three. In total, for the quarter, sales were $2.8 billion, up 9% year-over-year; net income was $359 million; and EPS was $0.38. We completed a strong second quarter in terms of financial performance and progress on our investments. As planned, we undertook a phase of intense operating and capital investments to help us meet committed demand and capture new opportunities. We have now reached an inflection point where those investments are yielding clear benefits, including increased sales and greater profitability. Several of our largest projects have exited the startup phase, and production and efficiency rates are climbing. So, we are on track to meet increased demand, grow sales, and significantly improve profitability in quarter three and beyond. Specifically, we expect to expand margins and reach approximately $11.3 billion in full-year 2018 sales, up 10% year-over-year and an increase from our prior expectation of $11 billion. So, we feel great about both, the back half of 2018 and our long-term opportunities, as Tony will describe with a little more detail in just a few moments. Now, let’s turn to the strategy and capital allocation Framework, which outlines our leadership priorities. Under the Framework, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019, we plan to return more than $12.5 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends, and to invest $10 billion to extend our leadership and deliver growth. We have made great progress toward those goals since we announced the Framework in October of 2015. Our cash generation is on our target. And through the end of the second quarter, we have returned $10.8 billion to shareholders. Dividends per share have increased 50% since the Framework began. Investments in RD&E, capital expenditures and acquisitions also remain on track to our four-year plan, totaling $6.7 billion through June 30th. As outlined in our Framework, Corning is the best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms and five market-access platforms. Our capabilities are interrelated and reinforcing. We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities that use capabilities in at least two of these categories. This increases our probability of success, reduces the cost of innovation, creates stronger competitive barriers, and most importantly, it delights our customers. Now, turn to our progress in each of our market-access platforms, starting with Optical Communications. We remain the world leader in passive optical solutions and the only true end-to-end supplier of integrated solutions. Our outstanding performance in Optical Communications continued in the second quarter and helped drive an increase in our full-year outlook. We now expect full-year sales to be up by a high-teens percentage year-over-year, with organic growth increasing to the low teens versus our prior guidance of 10%, plus an additional $200 million in sales from the acquisition of 3M’s Communication Markets Division. Strong market demand and the continuing success of our co-innovation have resulted in faster than expected progress toward our goal of $5 billion in annual sales by 2020, with continued growth thereafter. We reached a major milestone in June when we completed the acquisition of 3M’s Communication Markets Division. This investment extends our market reach and access to global customers while expanding our portfolio in the rapidly growing optical solutions markets. We continue to introduce award-winning products. Our EDGE Mesh Modules received the data center cabling and connectivity product of the year award in the second quarter. This family of products has emerged as a critical enabler of data center networks. The award demonstrates strong support from our customers, distributors and payers. Stepping back, we’ve positioned our Optical Communications market-access platform to deliver advantaged optical fiber, cable and connectivity solutions for access networks, cloud data centers and the network densification necessary for 5G and even autonomous vehicles. We’re excited about our excellent performance, our current growth and our future opportunities. Now, let’s turn to Mobile Consumer Electronics where we are the world leader in glass for smartphones, tablets and emerging categories like wearables and augmented reality devices. Our goal is to double Mobile Consumer Electronics sales over the next several years. We continue to make significant progress in adding more sales dollars per device by innovating in both glass and value-added component, while also expanding our share in developing regions and entering entirely new product categories. Gorilla Glass has been designed into more than six billion devices worldwide. Last week’s launch of Corning Gorilla Glass 6, the world’s most durable cover glass to date expands our market leadership. Now, research indicates that consumers drop their device on average seven times a year. So, it’s no surprise that having their devices survive multiple drops is important to our customers. And the innovations contained in Gorilla Glass 6 provide a significant step forward. In lab tests, our new glass survived on average 15 drops from one meter on to rough surfaces. Now, that’s about twice as many drops as Gorilla Glass 5. Competitive glass compositions under similar conditions did not survive even the first drop. One of our levers to double sales is to increase revenue per device, and we fully expect Gorilla Glass 6 to make significant contributions toward that goal. Customers have shown very strong interest, and you should be hearing announcements from them in the near future. Increasing penetration of glass backs to enable wireless charging and higher data rates also supports our goal of doubling sales in Mobile Consumer Electronics. The fundamental properties of Gorilla Glass make it an ideal choice for both the fronts and the backs of smartphones. In 2018, we expect 28% of smartphones sold to have glass backs, nearly double the amount sold with glass backs in 2017. We’re also innovating in new device categories. Gorilla Glass continues to be the most widely used cover material on smart watches. And lastly, we launched Corning Gorilla Glass DX and DX+ which offered enhanced antireflective optics and extreme scratch resistance for wearables. We’re also sampling these new composite materials in the handheld space. Our broad product portfolio has enabled continued wins in developing regions and value segments. In the second quarter, General Mobile announced GM 8 smartphone in Turkey and Positivo launched the SKY smartphone in Brazil, both featuring Gorilla Glass. We also remain well-positioned with innovative glass based solutions for emerging applications including augmented reality and precision 3D sensing. Overall, we expect sales in Specialty Materials to grow in 2018 as more devices adopt Gorilla Glass 6 and our other innovations. Turning to our automotive market-access platform. Our expertise focuses on helping customers build cleaner, safer and more connected vehicles. Corning reached a significant production milestone of 1 million gasoline particulate filters. As we lead to market in the next wave of emissions control, we’re partnering with most automakers to equip their new European gasoline engine platforms with our technology. China will be the next market to introduce GPF, and we’re preparing by increasing the pace of investment in our new Hefei China facility. Once regulations are fully implemented in Europe and China, we expect gasoline particulate filters to add $0.5 Billion in annual sales for Corning. Next, excitement from about Gorilla Glass for auto continues to grow as the industry transitions to highly connected and autonomous vehicles that use technical glass. Polls for collaboration for more than 20 leading OEM is increasing, and customer commitments now support the creation of dedicated finishing capacity for Gorilla Glass for auto interiors. So, earlier this month, we announced an investment in the Hefei facility that will produce Gorilla Glass parts for automotive interiors. We expect it to be operational in 2019. In our Life Science Vessels platform, we continue to make strong progress on the path to a new long-term, multibillion-dollar franchise. Valor Glass dramatically reduces particle contamination, breaks and cracks while significantly increasing throughput. Valor helps protect patients and improve pharmaceutical manufacturing. Our collaborators, Merck and Pfizer continue to demonstrate support for Valor. In April, both joined us for the announcement of a high-volume manufacturing facility in North Carolina, which was an important part of the plan we announced last July. Both companies also spoke about the merits of our technology and collaboration at separate industry conferences. In mid-June, Merck presented its perspective and findings on an important patient safety attribute of Valor. Later in the month, I joined a senior Pfizer leader to share some perspective on Valor, a collaboration in Corning’s in long track record of co-innovation. At the event, Pfizer leadership affirmed its commitment to Valor. The leader said, “We are working as fast as we reasonably can to provide those solutions we’re talking about today.” Earlier this month, the Food and Drug Administration reaffirmed its commitment to support new technologies that can improve pharmaceutical manufacturing and help prevent drug shortages. We remain closely engaged with the FDA and support its efforts to address this important public health issue. We continue to believe Valor has the potential to power Corning’s growth for the next decade and beyond. In Display, we remain the global leader. Our priority is to deliver stable returns and win in new display categories, and progress is excellent. Television retail demand growth is strong and higher than we have seen in the past several years. We also have the most favorable pricing environment for LCD glass in more than a decade. We expect to reach the important milestone of annual price declines improving to a mid-single-digit percentage in the third quarter, and we expect the improvement trend to continue into 2019. As we’ve discussed previously, we took advantage of seasonally lower demand to upgrade our fleet with the latest technology. We’re now completing those upgrades and our Gen 10.5 plant is ramping on schedule and in tandem with BOEs panel production. As a result of these actions, we expect display profitability to increase substantially in the second quarter half of 2018. So, we continue to make excellent progress across all our market-access platforms. We are investing to capture opportunities and are well-positioned to deliver another strong year of growth. Ultimately, we remain on track to fully achieve our strategy and capital allocation Framework goals. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and outlook.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. Our second quarter results set the foundation for stronger than expected 2018. Each of our businesses grew sales year-over-year. After investing to support near and long-term growth and to extend our market leadership, we are well-positioned and expect to reach approximately $11.3 billion in full-year sales, up from our earlier guidance of $11 billion. We expect to see sales and profitability improve significantly in Q3, and we plan to build on that going forward. Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to note that the primary difference between our GAAP and core results is again a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment for our currency hedge contracts. As we’ve discussed before, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this resulted in an after tax GAAP gain of $387 million for the second quarter. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate, aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We’re very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We’ve issued $1.6 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since our inception, slightly over five years ago. That brings me to our results and outlook. Our second quarter core sales were up 9% year-over-year and EPS was $0.38. The intensive operating and capital investments that we have discussed with you over the last several quarters are now yielding clear benefits. Our investments include the continuation of capacity expansions for optical fiber and cable, our Gen 10.5 Hefei display glass plant, capacity for gasoline particulate filters, Gorilla Glass projects for mobile devices and automotive, plus several other development projects. These planned investments constrained our gross and operating margin percentages in recent quarters. With several of the largest projects having cross major thresholds, we are now at an inflection point. Our sales run rate is climbing and our gross margin is expanding. We expect to achieve approximately $11.3 billion in sales for the year and to expand gross margins up 42% in the second half. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $2 billion of cash. Adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was $833 million. Now, let’s look at the detailed segment results and outlook. Let’s start with Display Technologies where we’re making great progress towards maintaining stable returns. Our results were in line with expectations. Retail sales are very strong, globally. And production at our new Gen 10.5 plant is ramping. The pricing environment is the best it has been in more than a decade. Second quarter sales were $780 million, up sequentially and year-over-year. Net income was $192 million. Second quarter sequential price declines were better than Q1, as expected. For the third quarter, we expect sequential price declines to again be very moderate. These continuing improvements in sequential price declines will allow us to reach the important milestone of annual price declines improving to a mid-single-digit percentage in the third quarter and for that improving trend to continue into 2019. Three factors drive our view that this more favorable pricing environment will continue. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced or even tight. Our new Gen 10.5 plant supports the expected growth of large-sized TVs. It is co-located with and dedicated to our customer BOE. We pace and align capacity in tandem with BOE to ensure our Gen 10.5 glass supply is balanced to demand, the ramp is on schedule. We expect the glass supply demand balance below Gen 10.5 to tighten further because demand continues to grow in 2018 but public information indicates, there is little capacity growth plan in this segment by glass makers. Second, our competitors continue to pace profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect the price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, LCD glass manufacturing requires ongoing investments in current and new capacity to support growth. To generate acceptable returns on investment, glass pricing will need to improve even further. For Corning, we will only add capacity if we can get an attractive return for our shareholders. Now, moving to retail. TV demand was very strong in Q2. Viewing area grew double digits year-over-year worldwide. Strong demand was driven by lower panel prices which are having a positive impact on TV retail prices and thus consumer demand. We expect TV retail demand to remain robust for the rest of the year. As for the LCD glass market, second quarter total market volume grew low single digits sequentially and our volume grew faster as we ramp production in Hefei, in line with our April guidance. In the third quarter of 2018, we expect the LCD glass market volume to grow mid-single-digit sequentially and our volume to grow faster as we continue ramping production in Hefei in tandem with BOEs Gen 10.5 demand. For the full-year, we continue to expect LCD glass market volume to grow mid-single-digits as television screen size growth continues. We expect our volume for the full year to grow faster than the market, driven by Hefei Gen 10.5 ramp-up. In brief, we feel very good about price and volume. As we described last quarter, first half Display gross margin was affected by two factors, the Hefei start-up and fleet optimization. Now that our factory utilization is increasing, our productivity and gross margins in the second half of the year should improve. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current dynamics in our display business and our progress in maintaining stable returns. Let’s move to Optical Communications. Second quarter sales were up 16% year-over-year and exceeded $1 billion. Sales growth was driven by both our data centers and carrier customers. Net income was $150 million, up 17% year-over-year. As expected, capacity utilization and profitability increased due to volume growth and progress on our capital expansion initiatives. We’re continuing to bring additional capacity on line in the second half to support committed demand. In Q2, we successfully closed the acquisition of 3M’s Communication Markets Division. In 2018, in this transaction will add about $200 million in sales and be neutral to EPS due to integration cost. As previously announced, we expect it will be accretive in 2019 and beyond. We expect third quarter sales to be up about 25% year-over-year, including sales from the recently acquired business from 3M. Given the strong first half, and our second half outlook, we now expect full-year sales to be up by high-teens percentage, year-over-year, with organic growth improving to the low-teens, and an additional $200 million in sales from the 3M acquisition. Overall, we are growing Optical Communications faster than the market. These additional sales are driven by preference for our advantage solutions in the data center and carrier markets, and enabled by increased fiber and cable output from our new capacity expansions. We’re excited about the growth we’re delivering. Environmental Technologies second quarter sales were $317 million, up 21%. All products contributed to our growth. Second quarter net income was up 42%, driven by volume growth in our product categories as well as strong performance in our manufacturing operations. As anticipated, the North America heavy duty continues the improvement that began in second half of last year, driving 21% year-over-year sales growth in our diesel business for Q2. In auto, we’re also growing our sales faster than the market. Sales were up 21% due to more awarded platforms and the shift to premium products. Additionally, gasoline particulate filters contributed to the growth as OEMs ramp for full adoption of Euro 6 regulations in September. We are making progress with capacity in engineering investments to support the ramp of the GPF business. We expect the strong performance to continue in the third quarter with sales growth of high-teens year-over-year. We are also increasing our full-year sales outlook to mid teens growth year-over-year. We expect continued strength in sales of all products, including ramping GPF sales. In Specialty Materials, second quarter sales were $343 million and net income was $64 million. Sales were ahead of expectations and up 2% year-over-year, driven by higher Gorilla Glass shipments as OEMs begin to ramp for second half product releases. While underlying operations remained solid, net income for the quarter was impacted by product development costs. Although the overall smartphone market is maturing, we continue to progress towards our long-term goal to extend our leadership in Mobile Consumer Electronics and double sales. Our ability to innovate and deliver value-added products at a premium price is playing out as we expected. We delivered another breakthrough innovation with last week’s launch of Gorilla Glass 6. We also entered in Gorilla Glass DX and DX+ to capture more value in wearables. Innovations like these, increase the value of our glass, extend our differentiation and support using more glass in more places. We expect strong shipments of innovative products in the second half. For Q3, we expect sales to be up about 10%, year-over-year. We expect the additional sales to generate strong specialty materials earnings growth throughout the second half. In Life Sciences, second quarter sales were $245 million, up 11% year-over-year; and net income was $31 million, up 41%, driven by strong demand and manufacturing performance. We continue to outpace market growth. Third quarter sales are expected to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage over last year. We are also increasing our full-year sales outlook to be up by a mid to high-single-digit percentage over last year. So, for 2018, all of our businesses have positive momentum. We now expect full-year sales of about $11.3 billion, which is up 10%. Now, I’ll share some additional outlook details. First, let’s turn to gross margin. We expect our gross margin to expand to 42% in the third and fourth quarters, up significantly from the first half and versus last year. Annual operating expenses should remain consistent with last year as a percentage of sales. For the full-year, SG&A is expected to be about 14% of sales and RD&E about 8%. We expect other income other expense in Q3 to remain at our second quarter run rate of about $55 million to $65 million. For the full-year, we expect the net expense of approximately $210 million to $220 million. Full-year 2018 gross equity earnings are expected to be similar to 2017 at just over $200 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductor with the third quarter at approximately $20 million to $30 million, consistent with the typical seasonality. Recall that the timing of the contract typically makes Hemlock’s fourth quarter its strongest. Our tax rate for the third quarter and full year should be similar to Q2 at about 21.7%. The slides we are showing, give you an additional modeling related detail for the third quarter and the full year. In 2018, we expect to spend slightly more than 2 billion on capital expenditures with programs in every market-access platform. How much more, will depend on how quickly we ramp some of our investments. We will continue to keep you posted as the year progresses. Finally, we do not expect a material impact from the inactive or contemplated tariffs. First of all, TVs are not on the current list of proposed tariffs. Second, it’s our philosophy to manufacture products in the same region as our customer. This philosophy minimizes our cross-border activity and makes us less susceptible to the impact of tariffs. Third, we are not big consumers of aluminum and steel. So, we expect minimal impact from related tariffs. So, in total, we do not expect the significant financial impact from tariffs. In closing, our second quarter results underscore that we are well-positioned and on track for the second half of our four-year strategy and capital allocation Framework. We now expect an even stronger 2018. We expect to reach approximately $11.3 billion in full-year sales with second half capacity and margin expansion. We expect continued growth in Optical Communications, Specialty Materials, Environmental Technologies and Life Sciences. And as we said, the display pricing environment is the best in more than a decade and we expect to reach the important milestone as year-over-year mid single-digit price declines in Q3. Other progress on the Framework included returning $829 million to shareholders in the second quarter of 2018 for a total of $10.8 billion, since the Framework’s introduction. We’re also investing to position our businesses to meet short and long-term sales growth opportunities. Putting it all together, as we invest $10 billion to drive growth and extend our leadership, we are rewarding investors by returning more than $12.5 billion, which compounds the benefit of our future growth for long-term shareholders. With that, let’s move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. Operator, we’re ready for our first question.
Operator: Mehdi Hosseini, Please go ahead. Mr. Hosseini, your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thanks for taking my call. I want to go back to comment regarding Gorilla use in auto. It’s encouraging to see investment taking place, especially in Hefei. How should we think about incremental revenue contribution? It will be great if you give us some milestones looking into the next year and 2020. And then, I have a follow-up regarding display. You talked about the best pricing environment, I think, you said ever. When I hear the best pricing environment, it kind of makes me worried because can it get even better from here or can it roll over from here? It will be great if you could elaborate how you see the sustainability of the current pricing environment. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So, let’s start with your first question on Gorilla and auto. We’re not quite ready to give insight onto how much revenues we’d expect next year in Gorilla and auto. What I will say is we’ve already got awarded business for hundreds of millions of dollars spread out over time to same platforms. How that timing breaks down, what our ability to supply will be relative to demand, all those things are things we’re working through. So, we’re not quite ready to cycle that and figure out exactly when that’s going to be delivered for each vehicle platform. We’re going to try to get there as we work through the end of this year, so we could be helpful to you going into next year.
Tony Tripeny: Maybe let me take your question on display pricing. We feel really good about display pricing and the trends that we’ve seen. It is the best pricing we’ve seen in more than a decade. And we do expect -- we expect to hit the important milestone in mid-single-digit year-over-year declines in the third quarter. And we think that improvement trend continues into 2019. There is really three reasons for that. I mean, the first, we have supply and demand in balance or even tight from a glass maker standpoint. Secondly, our competitors face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And then, the third item is LCD glass manufacturing requires ongoing investments. And to generate acceptable returns on those investments, glass pricing will need to improve further. So, overall, we feel very good about where we are.
Wendell Weeks: We really don’t need everything to continue to improve and improve. What we need to do is just have rate of decline to continue to slow. As long as that rate of decline continues to slow, our productivity will more than offset those price declines. So, that’s what we are aiming for.
Operator: We have a question from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes. Hey, good morning. Yes. Hey, Wendell, I have a bigger picture question. The Company has been investing in multiple capital expansion projects. I mean, I could count to maybe 20 and then I gave up. So, my question is, you’re going through this kind of meaningful investment cycle. What’s the timeframe you have in mind for subsequent investments in manufacturing capacity expansions and then the harvesting time when you start monetizing these investments?
Wendell Weeks: Vijay, that’s a great question. First of all, you are doing a good job on counting. We do have over 20 significant plant expansions, including a number of -- included in that are a number of Greenfield builds. So, we are in this pretty intense operating and capital investment cycle is the good news. I think, you’re going to start to see the harvest begin now. We expect and that we’re in a inflection point in this quarter, and that you are going to see growing sales from those capacity investments and expanding profitability from them. So, I do not think we need to wait long. I think, we’re going to start seeing that right in quarter three and quarter four and beyond. Is that responsive to your question, Vijay? 
Vijay Bhagavath: You know it does. Yes. Thanks, Wendell.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Just on the capacity expansions to-date and looking ahead. Wendell and Tony, you mentioned a few times that you have committed customer support for a lot of these expansions. Can you just give us an idea of how you’re managing that risk? Obviously, the customer forecast can change going forward and how that would affect you. And then, secondly, how do we get comfortable with the idea that what you went through in the first half of the year was unique, and we don’t see another sort of mini capital bursts next year or the year after as you continue to innovate? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: I’ll take the first one and Tony can address the second. So, we mitigate our risk with these investments a number of different ways, and it really depends on the business and the customer relationships. Sometimes, we actually insist that the customer fund or put their money by our side in our capital. That significantly mitigates our shareholders’ exposure to any overcapacity risk. Another way we do it is long-term contracts with firm levels of revenue commitment; sometimes those are very public, sometimes they are not. The best example of this would be what you saw from Verizon with their long-term commitment to revenue from us for $1 billion to help underpin that investment in fiber and cable. And we have all sorts of variations really in between. Our core philosophy here is since what do is so important to our customers, we want to do it in tandem with them. Now, that doesn’t mean that our customers are always right and that the demand always comes in as we both anticipate, but it does mean that we’re sharing the risk in an equitable way that allows us to provide our unique products and ability to supply to help make their vision for they are trying to deliver in their business model, possible.
Tony Tripeny: And I think from a going forward basis, Steve, I think the important thing to keep in mind is, is that we’re going through a period where we’re seeing growth in all of our market-access platforms. And the good news is that that growth is showing up right now. As Wendell said, the infection point is today. And our second half revenue is going to be annualized at closer to $12 billion as opposed to the first half closer to $10 billion. So, we’re seeing very significant growth in the payoffs, are really happening in the near term. As we look forward, of course we’re going to continue to invest where that growth is. I think the probabilities of all of our market-access platforms growing at the same time is probably less than what we’ve experienced right now. And on top of it, whatever that investment, it is going to be on a much bigger than what were even six months ago. So, as we look for both of those things, I think we feel pretty good about how we think about that on a going forward basis.
Operator: Next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I just wanted to start off with the display glass segment, and you mentioned you expect pricing to continue to improve in 2019. What are you hearing from your panel maker customers because panel prices are being down significantly in 2Q? Are you expecting any sort of cutbacks in capacity from them that might limit some growth in area in 2019? And then, I had a minor clarification on the gross margin guidance for the second half. I think, the language you used last quarter was that gross margin would exceed 42% on a quarterly basis from the back half. And today, I think you mentioned 42. So, is there any change in the gross margin expectation for the back half?
Tony Tripeny: No. There is no change in the gross margin expectation for the back half. We feel very good about bringing the capacity on and the expansion that we’re going to see versus what we’ve performed in the last three quarters. In terms -- from the panel maker standpoint, demand and what at the end of the what really matters here is the retail demand. And the retail demand has been very strong. As we mentioned, viewing area was up over 20% on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter. And then, we’re seeing indications from panel makers that they are buying panels to prepare for what is really the big season, which is in the fourth quarter and that that’s happening right now. So, we expect panel maker utilizations to stay about where they have been in the first half of the year and that’s going to translate to a strong glass demand. And then, we expect the market to be up in the mid single digits from a glass standpoint. And of course, we will grow faster than that because of the ramp of the Gen 10.5 factory at BOE.
Operator: And our next question is from Rob Cihra with Guggenheim Partners.
Rob Cihra: Just on Gorilla Glass, I know you noted you are benefitting from the increase in content per phone, like with the double sided, which is great. And I believe you also get a price premium when you launch something like Gorilla Glass 6. I’m just wondering, I guess first, how much the Gorilla Glass 6 price premium. I mean, is that a noticeable health in the second half? And more broadly, it seems to me and I am not even sure if it’s the case, it seems the Gorilla Glass pricing has been better than it was a couple of years ago where it was pretty brutal. And I’m just wondering, I mean, is that the case and has Gorilla Glass pricing stabilized? If that’s the case, why?
Wendell Weeks: So, you are correct in that, Gorilla Glass pricing trends have been very good. And what’s causing that has been a really strong cycles of innovation from us. And those innovations are yielding much better products. And customers value those products more and are willing to give us a higher price for them. So, you are noticing, in the numbers that fundamental strategy playing out. I’m sorry, but I’m not willing at this time to give you specific guidance on Gorilla Glass 6 pricing. That will be between us and our customers and some here shortly. [Ph] But, I think you are correct on the overall trends out.
Operator: And our next question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: I just wanted to come back to this auto glass plant in Hefei and ask what you guys think the utilization of that plant is likely to be, once you get it done. I mean, are you expecting it to be mostly utilized or do you think that it just incrementally gets utilized over time, you’re just kind of at a point where you need capacity. And then, secondly, I wanted to -- I noticed that the R&D to sales guidance is up a little bit. And I just wanted to double check what’s driving that, why you decided to make that slight change in R&D to sales.
Wendell Weeks: Let me adjust the first one and I’ll leave the second one for Tony. So, what’s happening to us is as we’ve shared previously is the demand for our innovations in auto glass interiors has surprised us in a positive direction. So, as a result, at this point in time, we are having a difficult time keeping up with what our customers want us to do. So, if we could have had this plant six months earlier be up and running, we would have it full. So, we expect the utilization to run pretty high. I think, it’s just worth pausing here a moment, though, so you understand what type of capacity this is. You shouldn’t think of this as melting capacity. We don’t need to add any Gorilla Glass manufacturing capacity to facilitate our entry into the automotive class market. We plan to meet all that demand with our continued productivity improvements on the fusion platform for today’s Gorilla Glass business as well as display. What this plant is going to do is going to be applying some of our vapor deposition technology to be able do advanced optical treatments; it’s going to be able to do shaping of the product; it’s going to be able to do the declaration of the product, cutting it exactly the right way, so with the value add parts on top of it. So, as a result of that you’re not going to see a typical utilization effects you’d be used to thinking about in a big time class factory. The capital intensity of this is much less. So, that’s what this capacity is. Is that responsive to your question, Rod. 
Rod Hall: Yes. Thanks. It was super helpful. I appreciate it.
Tony Tripeny: And Rod on the RD&E, there really isn’t a change there. We expect to spend about the same amount in the second half as we spent in the first half. The actual spending always depends a little bit on pacing of projects. But, the amount that we’re guiding is in the normal range that we’ve been guiding for a while.
Operator: Our next question is from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I guess, I wanted to dig into display segment margins a bit. So, I heard what you said certainly on the BOE expansion ramping and now the reskinning of tanks and improved utilization. Where do you think we could get segment net income margins to go to? And if I look back at those numbers, I think there is some 30% numbers if I look back to last year and the year before; if I go way, way back, I can even see 40% segment net income margin types numbers. Where do you think we can go with these improvements in utilization and BOE? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: George, I think, it’s important to realize that what we’re all about in display is stabilizing the profitability in that business. And we do that with continued what we’re seeing from a pricing standpoint. As Wendell, we don’t need any further pricing improvements than where we are today. But, with that along with volume growth, along with our manufacturing improvements, we’re all about getting that bottom line to essentially be the same, and that’s what our objective is. And that also means that sales will be about the same. And so, once we get to that point, the operating margin will be about where it is today. But, obviously, that’s a significant improvement over the last few years, but we’ve seen that decline for several years where we’ve seen significant decline in display profitability.
Operator: And our next questioner is James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: I guess maybe I’d relay probably one of the most common questions we’ve gotten recently and that has to do with capital allocation. As we kind of drive [ph] towards the end of 2018, we see how that’s likely to be divided up, et cetera. At what point should we expect to see a new plan or further forward outlook on capital allocation? And can you give us a general outline in terms of your preferences for dividends versus buybacks et cetera?
Tony Tripeny: I think, James, it’s important to note that we have more than a year to go in our current Framework. And so, what we’re really focused on is delivering our four-year plan. The good news is all of our existing business, especially Display is generating strong operating cash flow and we expect that to continue. The other piece of good news is we have multiple large opportunities for growth in all of our market-access platforms. So, we’re going to continue to invest in those opportunities, especially those because they generate attractive return on invested capital to our shareholders. And as has been our practice is that anything beyond that, we’re going to return to our shareholders. So, that’s how we think about it going forward. But, in terms of specifics and how things are going to look beyond 2019, we are just going to wait until we get closer to the end of the current plan, before we share the next set of specifics.
Ann Nicholson: Amy we have time for a couple of more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questioner is Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Wendell, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the dynamics in Specialty as it pertains to Gorilla. Some of your larger smartphone customers are not showing as much cyclicality as in prior cycles. And I was wondering if that is giving you more supply chain visibility as it pertains to Gorilla and is it changing the nature of lead times for Gorilla.
Wendell Weeks: That’s an excellent question. We have noticed some of those trends that you’re outlining. But they just haven’t been around long enough for us to be able to say with a high degree of confidence that we see a strong improvement in visibility. That’s mainly fact as you know just tends to be in which quarter we actually tend to see the sale. So, it doesn’t really impact us from a long-term financial standpoint, but it certainly is valuable from an operational standpoint. So, more to come on this topic. If this continues, then, I think your logic is very sound, but it needs to continue further for us to establish good, strong, mathematical modeling and conclusions.
Wamsi Mohan: If I could follow up just with one quick question on TV, and I’m sorry if you already addressed this. But, I was wondering, given the panel price declines and the magnitude of those panel price declines, how simulative has that been to large screen TV demand, and are you expecting -- what are you expecting for retail sellout trends in the back half of the year? 
Tony Tripeny: Wamsi, I think, it’s been quite simulative and it’s been very strong from the retail demand standpoint. Glass viewing area was over 20% in the first half of the year and we expect it to continue to be very strong in the second half of the year. That’s why we’re quite confident that the glass market will grow mid single digits on a year-over-year basis and we’ll grow faster than that because of the ramp of our BOE Gen 10.5 factory.
Wendell Weeks: And just to build on that. I think, one of the main things that people can lose sight of is, in the end what really matters is how many television sets people buy and how much is sold through the whole system. And we’ve certainly been in a cycle where the panel market went from incredibly high utilization and rising prices and then, I think that probably caused television demand to be a little suppressed from where we want to be. Now, we’re moving to another cycle that you’re seeing with display panel prices having fallen, now flowing through to the end customer. And I think this ebb and flow will continue to work its way out. We really like to sell through data we’re seeing. And of course we would hope that panel prices will continue to stabilize and improve over time and that in turn of course that the glass supply and demand dynamics continue to work towards the path of us improving our pricing performance year-by-year. So, that’s sort of the way we take a look at industry overall.
Operator: And our last questioner is Joseph Wolf with Barclays.
Joseph Wolf: I just had a question, I guess the continuation a little bit on the mobile market. Given some of the move to OLED and Corning’s participation in both parts of the market, just can you give us some perspective on what you’re seeing on the design side? There has been some talk about flexible applications. And while I know there is nothing customer-specific you can share, can you talk about what flexible designs might mean for the Gorilla Glass cover market?
Wendell Weeks: So, first let’s do OLED, and then, we will do flexible. So, as you know, we made pretty significant amount of innovation efforts to put us in the spot to be a very strong supplier into the polyimide OLED market. For those of you on the call who don’t know, even though the polyimide OLED isn’t made of glass, to make it, you consume a lot of glass. Actually you consume more glass than is consumed in making a display of the same size using active-matrix LCD technology. And it’s special glass, it’s glass we develop for that application. So, with that being said, that I think is what we predicted, I think, quite accurately. We could see that becoming -- even though it’s a small market, a significant force from Mobile Consumer Electronics devices. What has been in the press really now for a number of years and it’s been hyped for a number of years is the idea of a truly flexible device, which is in flexible display. And what the idea is, could we basically make something small that then you could fold it out and it becomes something big. And that therefore, you could fit more display area in a smaller volume area. So, that has real interest. We’ve been engaged for a number of years in trying to solve some those really hard technical problems to be able to make a product that bends to very tight bend radius but at the same time, when something is dropped on it or experiences any sort of sharp event, it doesn’t damage easily or scratch easily. These two things in terms of material science tend to push opposite from one another, and it’s been the core of our innovation of this. I think that ultimately, if foldables are going to be important, we are going to need to solve that problem for the cover. We are already -- there are still problems to solve in the display, but ultimately we have to solve that problem. I don’t think it’s solved yet. So, I think some of the first devices you’ll see to try to market out will be products that are compromising on durability in one direction or the other. But, I think, it’s just the stage of the thread. I think people will want to introduce it to get a feel for will consumers really get interested in it, can they make even a form factor that’s compelling. These are really big questions. But, at the core, we still don’t yet -- we haven’t yet seen the cover material out of any material that combines all the required attributes for this to become a significant device. But, it takes a good amount of effort on our part. We’re still working on it. We are working closely with our Mobile Consumer Electronics customers. They really want us to invent something, but we’re still on it. Sorry for the long answer. 
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Joseph and thank you, Wendell. And thank you all for joining us this morning. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that we will be at the Jefferies Semiconductor Hardware and Communications Summit on August 30th and the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on September 12th. We’ll also be posting some virtual presentations and webcast on business topics. Finally, the web replay of today’s call will be available on our site, starting later this morning. There also is a telephone replay available for the next two weeks and you can contact IR for the details. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Amy, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson – Division Vice President-Investor Relations. Wendell Weeks – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tony Tripeny – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joseph Wolf – Barclays Steven Fox – Cross Research Mehdi Hosseini – SIG Vijay Bhagavath – Deutsche Bank Rob Cihra – Guggenheim Wamsi Mohan – Bank of America James Faucette – Morgan Stanley Asiya Merchant – Citigroup
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter One 2018 Earnings Results. It’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Julie, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the Company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. As noted in yesterday’s wed disclosure and this mornings release, we updated our segment tax rate to 21%, to reflect changes under U.S. tax reform. 2017 segment data has been recast for comparability. This data is included in the slide deck that we're using today's call. You can also access this information on our website with downloadable financials in interactive analyst center or the web disclosures page. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, we encourage you to follow along. They'll also be available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann and welcome everyone. This morning we reported the results that keep us on track toward the strong 2018 that we described in January. Our business has performed as expected for the quarter with year-over-year sales growth in our Optical Communications, Environmental and Life Science businesses. Over progress towards stable returns in Display remains excellent. Sales and net income were in line with expectations. The pricing environment in Display is the best it has been in a decade. And we are ramping our new Gen 10.5 plant on schedule. We expect to reach the important milestone of annual price declines improving to a mid-single-digit percentage in 2018. This sets the stage for higher profitability in Display as our new plant and process technology come online in the second half. Our sales and net income in Specialty Materials were also on plan, coming off very strong shipments in sales towards the end of 2017, consistent with our customers patterns for major product launches. For the quarter, sales were $2.5 billion, net income was $299 million and EPS was $0.31. As we discussed last quarter, we have significantly increased our operating and capital investments to meet committed demand and capture the opportunities that we have in front of us. The expenditures associated with these projects were necessary and expect to drag on our gross margins toward the end of 2017 to continue in quarter one and quarter two of 2018. However, we expect the expenditures for these investments to decrease and new plant production and efficiency rates to climb to the remainder of the year. This will allow us to meet demand, increase our sales and significantly improve our profitability in quarter three and beyond. As Tony will describe in more detail in just a few moments, we expect quarter one to be our lowest quarter from a sales, gross margin and net income perspective. As our investments come online, our sales and profits will accelerate. So we feel great about the year ahead of us. Now let's turn to the strategy and Capital Allocation Framework, which outlines our leadership priorities. Under the Framework, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019. We plan to return more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividend and invest $10 billion to extend our leadership and deliver growth across all of our market access platforms. We've made great progress towards those goals since we announced the Framework in October of 2015. Our cash generation is on target and through the end of the first quarter, we returned $10 billion to shareholders including a 16% increase in the common stock dividend in February. Dividends per share have increased 50% since the Framework began. Investments in RD&E, capital expenditures and in acquisitions also remain on track to our four year plan, totaling $5.3 billion through March 31. We are best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms and five market access platforms. We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities to use capabilities in at least two of these three categories to increase our probability of success, reduce the cost of innovation, create stronger competitive barriers and most importantly, delight our customers. We continue to achieve technical and commercial milestones on our growth initiatives. So as I mentioned earlier, we have appropriately stepped up operating in capital investments. For example, we have 23 capital expansion projects underway, including construction of 11 new plants. All of these projects are on track and several of the largest have begun ramping up production. As I also mentioned, we expect to see the sales benefit from these investments increase and the gross margin drag to decrease in the second half. Now, let me review progress in each of our market access platforms, starting with Optical Communications. We remain the world leader in passive optical solutions and the only true end-to-end supplier of integrated solutions. Strong market demand and the continuing success of our co-innovation model support our goal of achieving $5 billion in sales by 2020. To respond to the demand, we're expanding our manufacturing capacity. We're also investing in acquisitions such as our pending purchase of 3M's communications markets division. And we're investing to support new customers and to advance state-of-the-art so that the world technology and telecom leaders can continue to rely on Corning for innovations that deliver greater efficiency, performance enhancements and cost savings. At the optical networking and communications conference in March, we introduced an extreme density cable tailored for next generation hyperscale data center architectures as well as a fiber that offers significant advantages for high throughput transmission. We also gave a joint presentation with Professor Tim Whitley, British Telecom's Managing Director of research and innovation.  He gave a great description of how our co-innovation process works saying, "Widespread adoption of high definition and 4K streaming TV services is driving nearly 50% growth in demand for bandwidth. Optical fiber underpins this growth, making it vital for us to explore the practical capacity limits of optical fiber transmission. Working with Corning, one of the world's leading innovators in optical fiber technology, allows us to explore the fundamentals of optical performance with an aim to enhance the speed, reach and ultimate capacity of our optical networks." This is just one example of the many of the customer relationships that keep us confident. We can continue to grow more than twice as fast as overall communications infrastructure investment. Now let's turn to Mobile Consumer Electronics where we are the world leader in glass for smartphones, tablets and emerging categories like wearables and augmented reality devices. Our goal is to double mobile consumer electronic sales over the next several years. We continue to make significant progress in adding more sales dollars per device by innovating in both glass and value-added component, while also expanding our share in developing regions and entering entirely new product categories. The fundamental properties of Gorilla Glass make it an ideal choice for smartphones enclosures. Of the 13 devices featuring Gorilla Glass that were launched in February at the Mobile World Congress, five used Gorilla Glass 5 on both the front and the back, including LG V30S ThinQ and Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and S9 plus. Also, we are continuing to work with several OEMs on potential opportunities for Vibrant Corning Gorilla Glass as design customization options grow in importance for some customers. For example, in February, Motorola started selling the new style shell moto mods, the swappable back covers for their Moto Z smart phones. Vibrant Corning Gorilla Glass is central to the design and construction of the style shell and earlier this month, and Acer Swift 3 notebook featuring a Vibrant Corning Gorilla Glass, was launched in Southeast Asia. We will be launching our next generation Gorilla Glass during the second half of the year and expect it to, once again, redefine durability for mobile devices. Our broad product portfolio has enabled continued wins in the intermediate and value segments with the new products introduced in India, Turkey and China so far this year. We also are well positioned with glass-based solutions to meet tough technical challenges in growing demand across a multitude of applications beyond cover glass. Corning is partnering with leading OEMs on innovations and augmented reality devices, and for precise 3D sensing technology. The precision glass we supply, coupled with our laser processing and characterization tools, enables optimized image quality, compact device form factors and more accurate facial recognition. Turning to our Automotive market access platform. Our expertise focuses on helping customers build cleaner, safer and more connected vehicles. Corning pioneered the substrate at the heart of catalytic converters and is now leading the next wave of emissions control with our introduction of gas particulate filters. Most European and many Chinese OEMs have now awarded platforms. New wins for Corning in the first quarter accelerate our market leadership in this important new technology. Once regulations are fully implemented in Europe and in China, we expect gas particulate filters to add $0.5 billion in annual sales for Corning. Moving to Gorilla Glass for auto, for collaboration from more than 20 OEMs is increasing, and we expect additional and significant progress in 2018. Excitement about car interiors continues to grow integrated and interactive displays are becoming a seamless part of the cabin end user experience. Corning is helping OEMs with this transition because Gorilla Glass provides a durable, optically advantaged interface surface with tremendous economics. For exteriors, Gorilla Glass laminates are tougher and lighter than conventional auto glass plus the superior optical quality allows for larger and clearer head-up displays. We believe that our solutions provide compelling value, and we are investing to deliver as the industry transitions to highly connected and autonomous vehicles using Gorilla Glass. In our Life Science Vessels platform, we took another important step on the path to a new long-term multibillion-dollar franchise. Earlier this month, we announced the construction of a high-volume manufacturing facility for Valor Glass in North Carolina. Adding capacity was part of the plan we announced last July when we introduced Corning Valor Glass, our remarkable new pharmaceutical glass package insulation. Valor Glass dramatically reduces particle contamination, breaks and cracks while significantly increasing throughput. Valor helps protect patients and improve pharmaceutical manufacturing. Our development partners, Merck and Pfizer, joined us at the North Carolina event, showing their ongoing support. We're pleased with the progress we've seen with pharmaceutical customers overall in recent months. We've completed various line trials, stability testing and other necessary steps to support adoption of valor at multiple customers. In addition, we remain closely engaged with the Food and Drug Administration, which is committed to streamlining the introduction of new innovations so technology like Valor can reach patients quickly. We also continue to share details on the science behind Valor's technology. The team was recently recognized for a paper of particular generation on manufacturing lines. It won the Frederick D. Simon Award for the best technical paper published in the Parenteral Drug Association Journal in Pharmaceutical Science and Technology in 2017. We continue to believe Valor has the potential to power Corning’s growth through the next decade and beyond. In Display, we remain the global leader, our priority is to deliver stable returns and win in new display categories. We expect strong progress for our display business during the year. We're seeing the most favorable pricing environment for LCD glass in a decade. We expect to reach the important milestone of annual price declines improving to a mid-single-digit percentage in 2018. Additionally we are bringing up our Gen 10.5 facility and improving the efficiency of our manufacturing assets. Our new plant in Hefei is producing the world's first Gen 10.5 glass it was ramping on schedule and in tandem with BOE’s panel production. We're also taking advantage of the seasonally lower volume to upgrade more of our fleet with the latest process technology. As a result of all of our actions, we expect profitability to increase substantially in the second half of 2018. I think it's pretty clear. We're making terrific progress across all of our market access platforms. We are investing to capture opportunities and plan to deliver another strong year of sales and earnings growth. Ultimately, we remain on track to fully achieve our strategy and capital allocation framework goals. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and outlook.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. Our first quarter results provide a strong start to 2018. Our performance in each of our businesses met or exceeded our expectations. We continue investing to support near and long-term growth and to extend our market leadership. Our first quarter investments in capacity in operating expenses were in line with our plan and set us solidly on our way to delivering strong sales and earnings growth for the full year. We expect Q1 will be our lowest quarter in terms of sales, gross margin and net income, and we remain confident that 2018 core sales will grow to approximately $11 billion. Now before reviewing segment results, I want to talk about the primary item affecting our GAAP results, mark-to-market accounting. As we discussed before, GAAP accounting requires earning translations hedge contracts settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this resulted in an after-tax GAAP loss of $547 million for the first quarter. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a constant currency rate, aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We're very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. We received $1.6 billion in cash under our hedge contracts over the last five years. Now let's look at our results and outlook. For the first quarter, core sales were up 4% year-over-year and EPS was $0.31. As we expected, our planned growth investments constrained the gross and operating margin percentages in the quarter. The investments include capacity expansions for optical fiber and cable, our Gen 10.5 Hefei display glass plant, capacity for gas particulate filters, Gorilla Glass projects for mobile devices and for automotive, plus development for Valor and a few other projects that were not quite ready to dive into publicly. Across the projects, there is lots of progress. Our new cable facility opened in Newton, North Carolina, we are producing Gen 10.5 glass and we're shipping gas particulate filters. The start-up of these projects is suppressing display, optical communications and environmental technologies profitability in the short-term. As we exit the start-up phase, we'll see improved profitability. You'll see that in our financial results beginning in the back half of this year. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $3.1 billion of cash. With new flexibility created by U.S. tax reform, we brought $2 billion in cash back to the United States during the quarter and now have more than half of our cash here. Adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was $396 million. Now let's look at detailed segment results and outlook. As Ann noted, we've updated the segment tax rate to 21%. Let's start with Display Technologies. Display's first quarter sales were $745 million and net income was $185 million. We're making great progress towards maintaining stable returns in display. Our results were in line with expectations, production at our new Gen 10.5 plant is on schedule and the pricing environment is the best it has been in a decade, first quarter sequential price declines for the best first quarter since 2010. Second quarter sequential price declines will be even less than the first quarter and the best price decline performance for second quarter we've seen in well over a decade. We expect to reach the important milestone of annual price declines improving to a mid single-digit percentage in 2018. Three factors drive our view that this more favorable pricing environment will continue. First, we expect glass supply to continue to be balanced or even tight. Our new Gen 10.5 plant supports the expected growth of large sized TVs. It is co-located with and dedicated to our customer BOE. We pacing aligned capacity in tandem with BOE to ensure our Gen 10.5 glass supply is balanced to demand, the ramp is on schedule. We expect the glass supply demand balance below Gen 10.5 to tighten further because demand continues to grow in 2018 but public information indicates there is little capacity growth planned in this segment by glass makers. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, LCD glass manufacturing requires ongoing investments in current and new capacity to support growth. To generate acceptable returns on investments, glass pricing will need to improve even further. Turning to glass volume, first quarter volume was down by low single-digit sequentially, in line with the market in normal seasonality. We continue to expect the LCD glass market to grow mid single digits this year, as television screen size growth continues. We expect our volume to grow faster than the market as we ramp production in tandem with BOE’s Gen 10.5 demand in Hefei. TV demand is recovering from last year as lower panel prices from three quarters are having a positive impact on TV prices and demand is increasing. Reported retail sales for the first two months of 2018 support that view. And preliminary March numbers also look strong, and we expect TV retail demand to remain strong for the rest of the year. For the second quarter of 2018, we expect the LCD glass market volume to grow low single digits and our volume to grow faster as we ramp production in Hefei. In total, we feel good about price and volume. As we described last quarter, our first half is being affected by two factors. First, the Hefei facility start-up continues. As always during a plant start-up, fixed cost and staffing ramp ahead of production. And second, we're continuing to take advantage of the seasonally lighter volume in display and Gorilla to rebuild tanks and optimize the fleet with our latest technology. As we move forward, the utilization at the Hefei plant will increase and the fleet optimization will be completed. This will naturally improve productivity in gross margin in the second half of the year. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current dynamics in our Display business and our progress in maintaining stable returns. Let's move to Optical Communications. First quarter sales were $886 million, up 8.4% year-over-year and net income was consistent at $109 million. Sales growth was driven by our data center and carrier businesses. Cost associated with our planned capacity expansions and related investments are keeping profits from growing with sales in the short-term. Committed customer demand supports the investments we're making and the new capacity we are bringing online. We expect second quarter sales to be up low teens year-over-year. For full year 2018, we continue to expect sales to be up about 10%. We expect profitability to improve in the second half as the new capacity ramps. We expect additional sales growth from closing the 3M communication markets division acquisition later this year. For your modeling purposes, think of it as closing in the middle of 2018. The transaction will add about $200 million in sales and be neutral to EPS in 2018 due to integration costs. As previously announced, we expect it will be accreted in 2019 and beyond. Stepping back, we're excited about the growth we're seeing in our Optical Communications business. Environmental Technologies’ first quarter sales were $322 million, up 17%. First quarter net income was up 18% to $52 million, driven by increased volume in auto and diesel, as well as improved performance in our manufacturing operations. As anticipated, the North America heavy-duty market continues the improvement that began in the second half of last year, driving 21% growth in our diesel sales for Q1. The worldwide auto market also grew in the first quarter. We grew faster than the market as we're winning additional business. In addition, our gas particulate filter business added sales as OEMs ramp for full adoption of Euro VI regulations this September. And we sustained our majority position of awarded platforms to-date with additional wins in the quarter primarily at OEMs preparing for China VI implementation in 2020. For the second quarter, we expect sales to be at high teens over last year. Full year 2018 sales should be about 10% driven by continued strength in auto sales, ongoing improvement in heavy-duty diesel market and from the GPF launch. In Specialty Materials, first quarter sales were $278 million and net income was $46 million. As expected, sales were down 7% and we expect a similar year-over-year decline for the second quarter. As a reminder, the amount of Gorilla Glass sales in any given quarter is mainly driven by the timing of supply chain builds in front of customer product launches. Taking a step back, our long-term goal is to double sales in Mobile Consumer Electronics despite a maturing smartphone market. We'll do that through innovations and we're seeing that play out again in 2018. We expect to see increasing shipments in year-over-year sales growth in the second half. As a result, we expect to build on the very strong growth in 2017 by growing again for the full year. The 2018 growth will depend on the timing and extent of new model launches and customer adoption of Corning's innovations, including the next generation of Corning Gorilla Glass, which remains on track for lunch during the second half of 2018. We expect this to lead to strong earnings growth in the second half. In Life Sciences, first quarter net sales were $232 million and net income was $27 million, driven by strong demand. We continue to outpace market growth. Second quarter sales are expected to be up high single-digits over last year and full year 2018 sales at mid-single digits. So for 2018, all of our businesses have positive momentum, and we continue to expect full year sales of about $11 billion, which is up 7%. Now I'll share some additional outlook details. We expect the full year gross margin to exceed 41% similar to 2017. We expect the second quarter gross margin to be consistent with Q1 as we continue investing for sales growth. In the second half of 2018, our investments, for example in the Gen 10.5 facility, gas particulate filter capacity and new fiber and cable plans will exit the start-up phase, will also benefit from display tanks running with the latest technology. Quarterly gross margin should exceed 42% in the second half. Annual operating expenses should remain consistent with last year as a percentage of sales. For the full year, SG&A is expected to be about 14% of sales and RD&E about 8%. The slides we're showing give you additional detail for the second quarter and reiterate the full year outlook that we gave in January. We expect other income, other expense to remain at our first quarter run rate, generating a net expense of approximately $200 million for the year or about $40 million to $50 million in Q2. Full year 2018 total gross equity earnings are expected to be similar to 2017 at just over $200 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductors, with the second quarter at approximately $30 million to $35 million, consistent with typical seasonality. And as a reminder, our tax rate should be between 20% and 22% for the year and for the second quarter. In 2018, we expect to spend slightly more than $2 billion on capital expenditures with programs in every market access platform. How much more will depend on how quickly we ramp some of our investments. We will continue to keep you posted as the year progresses. In closing, our first quarter results show, we're off to a solid start on the second half of our four-year strategy and capital allocation framework. Our expectations for a strong 2018 are unchanged, and we're on track to reach approximately $11 billion in full year sales with second half capacity and margin expansion. We expect continued growth in Optical Communications, Specialty Materials, Environmental Technologies and Life Science segments. And as we said, the display pricing environment is the best in a decade, and we expect to reach the important milestone of year-over-year mid single-digit price declines in 2018. Our progress on the framework included returning $953 million to shareholders in the first quarter of 2018 for a total of $10 billion since the framework's introduction. We're also investing to position businesses to meet short and long-term sales growth opportunities. Putting it all together, as we invest $10 billion to drive growth and extend our leadership, we are rewarding investors by returning more than $12.5 billion, which compounds the benefit of our future growth for long-term shareholders. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tony. Julia, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Okay. And our first question will come from the line of Joseph Wolf [Barclays]. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf: Thank you. I had a question just overall about the potential impact for the – of the China tariffs and the business that you have there, and specifically with anything that's coming out of ZTE, how that affects your supply chain and whether there's anything we should be thinking about, I know the guidance is intact but I’m wondering if there are any puts and takes to certain decisions that the company is making right now?
Wendell Weeks: As the tariffs are currently outlined, because none of those taken effect yet but as they are currently outlined, we just don’t think its going to have much impact across our businesses. One of the things we look closely at was in television sets and as we take a look at that, really the supply chain, more than half of it’s driven out of Mexico. So we just don't feel a lot of near-term impact out of the tariffs. We'll keep you posted. We'll watch it closely, but so far so good.
Joseph Wolf: And then if I could just throw in one more in on optical fiber, can you just give us a sense on a relative growth rates data centers versus telecom and then some geographic color, I have been reading China may have a lot of fiber right now, just the balance of North America, Europe and China for fiber demand.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I think from an overall standpoint, Joseph, in the first quarter our enterprises business grew about 10% and our carrier business grew about 8%. So similar growth rates between those two businesses, clearly for us, the North America market is very important and that's where we're seeing a lot of the growth from a carrier standpoint. But I think on a global basis, there is growth that’s also pretty significant in China. We don't experience it as much in North America, but that is – we're seeing growth in both places. 
Joseph Wolf: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we’ll go to the line of Steven Fox of Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks, good morning. So there's obviously a lot of moving pieces in going from the Q1 profit levels to the Q3 and Q4 profit levels. So I was wondering if, maybe, you could just sort of walk through the most important piece of that would create the swing factor in Q3 and then Q4 whether it’s top line our cost savings, how should we think about those developing based on what you've seen so far year-to-date? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Sure. I would be happy to do that. It's really three major things that the first major item is in the Display business. Both the combination of the ramp of the Hefei facility and then demand in the back half as the back half is seasonally stronger than the first half, drives probably the largest part of that step up. The second area is in Optical Communications. And again, as we bring capacity online there for committed demand, we expect to see sales growth to receive both at the top line and then at gross margin. And then the final area is in Specialty Materials where as we've talked about the back half with the various product launches, it's going to be much stronger than the first half. And then we're also introducing our next generation of Corning Gorilla Glass. And that both of the impacts is positively from a sales and a gross margin standpoint. So clearly, you see it in both lines as we go roughly from $2.5 billion sales in the first quarter to closer to $3 billion in sales in the back half and gross margin from 40% to over 42%.
Steven Fox: And Tony, can you just clarify on point number three around Specialty Materials. So how much of that is mixed independent versus say just customer demand and/or just some of the new markets helping sales later this year? Is that more of a 2019 story?
Tony Tripeny: No, I think its demand as we get to the new product introduction is a big part of it. How much it ends up being will depend on the adoption of some of our technologies. But clearly we're – a lot of it’s driven by underlying demand and then also we feel very good about the introduction of our next generation of Gorilla Glass.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thank you for taking my question. One, my first question is for Wendell. You talked about aiming at doubling your mobile revenue over the next couple of years. Can you provide some more color, how you're going to hit these target, whether the key variables that we should keep in mind, especially in the context of maturing a smartphone industry? And I have a follow-up for Tony. You talked about remain on track to spend more than $12 billion for buyback, where are we year-to-date? How much left and what are the prospects for increasing the overall budget – buyback budget? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: I think you have got the question framed right. As we have presented it, we've always anticipated a relatively mature smartphone market. But we believe we could still double our revenue over the next several years due to the value of our new innovations. What are really comes out if you step really back from a technically is, if you look at the trends of smartphones, you've seen a tremendous need for increased RF transparency, increased optical functionality, when you start to take a look at things from facial recognition, sensing and number of different areas in that area uses the device as an image enhancer. So all these different things drive towards our core capabilities around a three core technologies in four manufacturing and engineering platforms, if you link it with a terrific customer relationships we have. And that's what is giving us the confidence that we can continue to innovate and increase our revenue per device or even if the industry itself is relatively mature. So it really comes down to technical accomplishments lighting up with technical trends, calling the exact timing of that is never easy. But we really encouraged by the interaction that we're having and you've seen that happen over the last couple of years already with our increasing revenue per device being driven by our new innovations.
Mehdi Hosseini: It seems to me that you have some new products in the pipeline that should – we should learn more about in the next coming quarters or maybe sooner or later because everything you…
Wendell Weeks: So you’re right, we have new products in the pipeline some of which the market is aware of, some of it they are not. Let me give you a great example of one that everybody is aware of. When we first laid out the strategy, what we said is we believe we’ll going to be on a trend increasingly towards all glass exposures because the need for RF transparency, wireless charging, et cetera. So now a trend that everybody can see is you are seeing double-sided glass, right. I think that it is therefore easy to assume that like over time, you can begin to imagine all glass exposures. And that stuff that you can see. There's also stuff that we haven't sell that you can’t see, right. So we combine all those various things get with the goal of that we have are so far so good on progress on these innovation sets as these smartphone devices become more functional and the way to think about it is different ways in which they start to interact with the world outside of the phone is going to drive you in the area of optical physics strengths and our strengths to be able to still do very reliable materials that are transparent in a variety of different ways.
Tony Tripeny: And Mehdi, on the shareholder and distribution question, if you recall we introduced our strategy in capital allocation framework, we committed to returning greater than $12.5 billion to shareholders. The first thing is we would increase the dividend by at least 10% a year and in February the board approved a 16% increase and in fact our dividends up 50% since we originally introduced the framework. In addition to that, we said we will be opportunistic on stock buybacks and in total we've returned about $10 billion since we introduced the framework and a lot of those stock buybacks happened in the first couple of years where we're taking advantage of the fact that the stock was lower than [indiscernible] real value because investors didn’t understand the total level of growth that we have. And so we are on track to return more than $12.5 billion and we feel very good about that commitment.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath of Deutsche Bank.
Vijay Bhagavath: Hey, good morning, Wendell and Tony. I'd like to hear your thoughts on the Optical Communications business. How it waterfalls through the rest of the year? And where I'm coming from is, when you talk to your big cloud customers, data centers, Telco, cable customers, what are they telling you in terms of their fiber build out plans, CapEx spending REITs have been trending better than expected even this morning from Verizon. So I’d like to get your thoughts from a viewpoint and also from a seasonality viewpoint as we head into the back half? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: So as we look at it, demand for our products and our innovations has been exceeding our ability to supply and as we bring on more capacity, we're going to be able to sell more. So as we think the pattern of revenues through the year, you're going to see a pattern of building strength quarter by quarter as that capacity comes online and we meet our customer's strong appetite for our products. What's behind that appetite is really a pretty simple thing, which is networks, be they wire line, be they wireless, or be they cloud-based are densifying. What that basically means is as we increase bandwidth, fewer people – fewer switch ports, et cetera, are sharing fiber, right? So that basically means it's taking you to the realm of sort of classification of networks equals densification of networks. So every time you hear a network provider or would be they in the data center world or be they in the public network field, talk about densification that basically equals classification and is putting more and more of the infrastructure spending in our realm of our material sets and our deep capabilities. Does that make sense?
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes, it makes sense. Classification seems more interesting than densification.
Wendell Weeks: You've got a future as a glass guy, Vijay.
Vijay Bhagavath: Right, thank you again.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we’ll go to the line of Rob Cihra of Guggenheim.
Rob Cihra: Hi, thanks very much. I was just wondering on the Gorilla Glass for automotive, may as well ask, from the – you mentioned more OEM wins, but if you look at the exterior opportunity, I mean you have the JV that you announced a while back, but we're sort of still waiting, or you're still waiting, to announce, I guess, sort of building actual manufacturing capacity. Is that something we can, sort of, hope for as a milestone? Do you think this year just in terms of actually building a facility that we then have to wait for rebuilt? Or is it not just that one milestone? Is it more the interiors that you are looking to ramp near-term? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, great question. It's both. That I don't know where we are in public announcement so far on manufacturing but I think it is – I think it is reasonable for investors to expect that we're going to see buildup of manufacturing capability for exteriors in Gorilla Glass, right. Of that exact timing, where the location is, how that's going to be integrated to take advantage of existing glazing capabilities, because all the stuff that we're really still working through. One of areas where you should also look to increasing manufacturing capacity reflecting additional wins, it would be reasonable to expect with the very high value added interior products we're introducing, which go beyond the pure glass. That we should be relatively soon having to capacitate the value add piece of that manufacture – the manufacturing of the parts. We're doing the optical treatments, being able for these parts to take form. Both of those things.  As we win more, we're going to have to move beyond sort of the supply chain that we have to develop customers as they now turn into customers who want commercial production and we start to drive real revenues in our automotive efforts. Those real revenues are getting closer and closer. So it's reasonable for you to expect we're going to start talking about how we're going to capacity to fill those and those are all in our plant.
Rob Cihra: Right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will go to the line of Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. I was wondering, if you can give us some sense on the year-on-year price decline in LCD glass. I appreciate your comments about it trending much better than prior years. But did we start the year mid-single-digit decline? Or was it more of a higher number than that? And we're also hearing of some increased pricing pressure coming from one of your competitors at one of the Korean customers as we've seen in the past. Just wondering if you had any takes on that? And I have a quick follow-up.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, I think if you remember Wamsi, the back half of last year is when we entered the year-over-year single digit price declines, and that's is true in the first quarter and the second quarter. And what we're going to reach in the back half of the year is the mid-single declines. And again, we can't be more excited about this. This is the best pricing environment in a decade. And I think really reflects what we've been saying for a long time relative to supply and demand being balanced, where our competitors are from a profitability standpoint. And then if you're going to continue to invest in this business like you have to, you have to get returns on that. So from an overall standpoint, we're very happy from pricing, and I'm not going to make any comments relative to competitors.
Wendell Weeks: I don’t know what our competitors are doing exactly, but we're closed on our contract in Korea. And all of our closed contract pricing in Korea is reflected in the guidance and the comments that Tony just made.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks Wendell and thank, Tony. And if I could just follow-up. There is some talk of potentially in North America an LCD panel plant in Wisconsin potentially may be getting announced later in the year. Would Corning be open to building a glass melting facility? And would you require the same sort of economic agreements or maybe split of economics as Hefei plant as you think about incremental investments? And Wendell, if I could just sneak in one more. Longer term can you just address your portfolio roadmap to address foldable phones that seem to be coming over the next two years? Thank you so much.
Wendell Weeks: Sure, let’s deal with the potential of a U.S. LCD manufacturing plant first. So our strategy that we articulated a number of years ago was that we weren't going to put in new melting capacity for display unless we got out at least $2 out of every $3 from others. And then we could keep 100% of revenues and profits. We've done better than that with our recent capacity moves, in things like Hefei. We would apply that same rule to any LCD manufacturing anywhere in the world because we believe it's really important to preserve high returns on capital for our investors.  And then if our customers want a leading player in the display industry to be with them, then they're going to need to subsidize that for our shareholders. So wherever anybody's going to build, we're going to apply that rule. Does that address your LCD in the U.S. question?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Great. Now let’s turn to foldable. As you know, we've been working closely with our customers on foldable displays for a very long time. The first the display part then the cover part. So in the display part, that's one of the reasons we fired up our glasses to help enable polyimide OLED displays. As you know, that uses more glass than an active matrix LCD and our share is very high. So to the extent that people use more of the polyimide OLED that's a small, but positive impact on us and it's small because the size is small. Now let's deal with the cover. So we're obviously highly engaged in any effort that needs a transparent and durable cover. The great dilemma is that to make a compelling form factor, you need to have very tight bend radius. If not, you're better off just with who thin and large phones are today. To make one that folds that thin tends to take you to materials that are not highly durable. This problem is yet to be effectively solved, right? We can make foldable displays, but they tend not to be that compelling versus what you can have today. And if we try to make a very compelling form factor, they tend not to be durable enough.  This doesn't mean that customers won't try and introduce some foldable products that aren't really durable, right? This happens a lot of times in the new technology area. But we're a long way from having really compelling product here. We'll continue to work on inventing something that can help enable this vision. We've been working on it. It's our problem. Our customers and others are going to work on this problem. But in the end, I think a really compelling product is going to need a highly durable, reliable material that is transparent and that tends to bring it towards our field over time. That is probably more than you wanted to know. Did I answer your question.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes absolutely. Less durable also means accelerated replacement cycles, which people might but now thank you for color, appreciate it.
Operator: And thank you. And next we will go to the line of James Faucette of Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. I wanted to follow up on the Optical business and I know that in the past you've set a target of roughly $5 billion in revenue. Can you give us an update on how we're tracking towards that target? And how much you're expecting at this stage to come from organic growth versus feature M&A that you may need to do to get to that target?
Tony Tripeny: Yes. James, we're doing great against the target. I mean, we've had very significant growth last year, and we're expecting 10% growth this year. And we continue growing at that level and add on the acquisition that we've already announced of 3M business, we get very close to the $5 billion. So I think from this point forward, we think that this is going to come from the strong underlying position that we have in this very significantly growing optical business.
James Faucette: Great. And then I just wanted to follow-up on previous question, Wendell. You mentioned that we should start hearing about adding capacity and production capabilities for automotive, Gorilla in automotive. Can you give us a little better sense. I mean, what are you expecting to that in the next one to two quarters? Or is there still a one to two year process as you make location decisions, et cetera?
Wendell Weeks: That's a really good question. It's a fair question. First, let's clarify what type of capacity we're talking about. So it's not to make glass, because what we're going to do with automotive is just like we did with Mobile Consumer Electronics. We're going to make use of the capacity that we create with our productivity improvements in our display business and also our Gorilla business to that frees up capacity and we're going to take that freed up capacity to enter into new markets like automotives so that makes our return on capital for something like gorilla extremely high and we expect that to quad over into automotive. So the capacity we're talking about isn’t that. The capacity we’re talking about is the value add. In exterior, this means that our glazing partners, right? And customers will need to change some subtle things, some subtle, some not-so-subtle, about they way manufactured glazing to make use of our highly technical glass. So that is capacity that they will be doing on in the form of our JV, we will be doing to help enable that industry.  The degree of when that gets announced often goes around to what extent, we can incorporate that within their existing glazing factors versus brand-new green fields. So one way or the other, we would expect the need for our glazing customers to begin to facilitate this more and more over the relatively near term. And when I say relatively near term I tend to add a little longer point of view in Wallstreet so I'm talking with and over the next 18 months, right? And could be relatively early enough also relatively later. So basically revolving around their own facility planning. Now automotive interiors, it is also again adding value. That value is getting added as in the various optical treatment to do anti-glare, antireflective, have the glass take shape. In this business, we are probably going to control that supply chain more directly. So for that, you should anticipate in the relatively near term, given our high win rate that we will be facilitating that value add. So that you can count on a little more near-term mainly because we control that and we actually know what we have to do in terms of facility planning. Does that make sense sir?
James Faucette: That is great Wendell. I appreciate the comments.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Julie we got time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from the line of Asiya Merchant of Citigroup. 
Asiya Merchant: Hi, good morning everyone. Thank you, for the color thus far. Just on LCD, as you look at your outlook for 2018 and the good start to the year, the demand that you're seeing, whether it's in units as well as area of growth, can you provide a little bit more color that is across globally? Is there any particular geographic trends to point out to? And while 2019 is not due, it's quite far away, do you expect some of these trends to continue given any underlying fundamentals? There's a lot of questions from investors on the impact of electronic demand given tariffs and economic outlooks, et cetera. Is there any color you could provide could be helpful.
Wendell Weeks: Sure, we’d be happy to do that. Yes, from what we have seen so far is that we – especially significant growth in the North America and also in the China markets and I think North America on a year-to-date basis in units has grown about 6%, in China about 8%. And so that feels really good.  And I think it's reflective of what happened in panel prices over the last three quarters actually showing up in TV prices. So, good underlying demand there. The one area that hasn't been as strong is in Western Europe, but we think that that's going to change with the World Cup in the second quarter. We think it is likely that is going to change. But at the end of the day, the two biggest markets are China and the United States. So that feels really good.  The other thing to keep in mind of course is that from a glass standpoint, what really matters to us and where we see the growth is how big those TVs are. And the screen size continues to grow. And that's what's really driving most of our growth going forward. And as we think about the market into 2019 and beyond it is some underlying unit growth for a lot of screen size growth that drives that market.
Asiya Merchant: Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Well I think we have run out of time today, so thank you all for joining us. Before we close, I want to let everyone know that will be attending the J.P. Morgan Anniversary [ph] Conferences in May. We'll also be doing some virtual presentations and webcast on business topics. Finally the web replay of today's call will be available on our site, starting later this morning and there is also a telephone replay available for the next two weeks and you can contact IR for those details. So once again, thank you all for joining us. Julei, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Division Vice President of Investor Relations Wendell Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Evenson - Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: George Notter - Jefferies Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Steven Fox - Cross Research Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Patrick Newton - Stifel Stanley Kovler - Citi Research James Fossa - Morgan Stanley Joseph Wolf - Barclays Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four 2017 Earnings Results. It’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jerome, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's year end 2017 conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Because of a family emergency, Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer is not on the line today, but he looks forward to talking with investors throughout the quarter and we’re sending his family our regards. So, joining us today are Ed Schlesinger, Vice President and Corporate Controller and Stephan Becker, Vice President and Operations Controller. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, and we encourage you to follow along. They'll also be available on our website for downloading. Now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks : Thank you, Ann and welcome everyone. This morning we reported a strong finish to an outstanding year and we feel great about our progress and our prospects. Strong growth and strong investment generated $800 million sales increase for the year and set the stage for additional growth. We exited the year running at full capacity in several of our businesses and with committed customer demand that supports our current capacity expansion initiatives. We expect to see the benefits of these initiatives in the second half of 2018 and beyond as production ramps.  2018 will be another year of strong growth and investment consistent with our strategy and capital allocation framework. All of our businesses contributed to the outstanding 2017 results highlighted by 18% year-over-year sales growth and Optical Communications 25% growth in specialty materials, 7% growth in environmental and price declines in display that were the best seven years.  As we shared, the strategy and capital allocation framework outlines our leadership priorities. We continue to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength to extend our leadership, drive our growth and reward our shareholders. Under the Framework, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019. We plan to return more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends, and we invest $10 billion to extend our leadership and deliver growth across all of our market access platforms. We made great progress towards those goals since we announce the Framework in October of 2015.  Our cash generation is on target, and through the end of 2017, we return $9 billion through share repurchases and dividends. We’ve invested $4.5 billion under the Framework in RD&E capital expenditures and acquisitions. We’re starting to see the returns already. As you can see in our most recent results 4-year sales increased 8%, EPS increased 11% and we expect these returns to accelerate. We believe that these results illustrate to benefits of our framework. We are best in the world in three, core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms.  We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities that use capabilities in at least two of these three categories. We stepped up our investments over the last six months to meet opportunities in front of us in all of our market access platforms. Significant portions of the investments going towards capacity expansions to meet committed demand. Currently, we have 23 projects underway including construction of 11 new plants. These investments tap into our profitability in the second half of 2017 and will do so again in the first half in 2018. For we really see the benefits of those investments in sales and profitability in the back half. So, we feel great about the year ahead of us.  Now let me review progress in our market access platforms starting with Optical Communications. With the world leader in passive Optical Communications and the only true end to end supplier of integrated optical solutions, 2017 was another great year. We expanded strategic relationships like the ones we've recently announced with Verizon and Saudi Telecom, which supports our view of strong future growth. We expanded our manufacturing capacity to support growing demand and initiated programs to further expand capacity in 2018.  During 2017 we acquired SpiderCloud to enhance our wireless portfolio and announced an agreement to purchase 3M's communications markets division. We expect that transaction to close later this year. It brings us a talented group of employees and it enhances our offerings in the rapidly growing fiber to the home and optical solutions markets. We expect to continue growing more than twice as fast as the communications infrastructure market. Rapid adoption of optical solutions in more market segments combined with the strength and relevance of our technology and co-innovation approach supports our superior growth. We believe that the opportunities ahead of us are much greater than those that are behind us. To capture these opportunities, we continue to invest in plants, innovations and market access. We expect 2018 growth to keep us solidly on pace to reach $5 billion in sales by 2020.  Now let's turn to mobile consumer electronics where we are the world leaders in glass for Smartphones, tablets and emerging categories like wearables and augmented reality devices. Our goal is to double mobile consumer electronics sales over the next several years. We made significant progress towards that goal in 2017. Major milestones during the year included the tenth anniversary of Corning gorilla glass. Rapid adoption of gorilla glass 5 and Apple's commitment to our future innovations through its American manufacturing initiative.  The fundamental properties of gorilla glass make it an ideal choice for smartphone enclosures. Flagship models from Samsung and others now feature glass on the front and the back. Glass backs double the area we sell for phone and also support new innovation opportunities like fabric. We expect additional growth in 2018 as more devices adopt our latest innovations including our next generation of cover glass which we plan to introduce later this year. Turning to our automotive market access platform our expertise focuses on helping customers build cleaner, safer and more connected vehicles. Corning pioneered the substrate at the heart of catheretic converters and is now leading the next wave of emissions control with our introduction of gas particulate filters. Most European and many Chinese OEMs have now awarded platforms and we won the majority reflected on market leadership. We had our first commercial sales in the second half of 2017 and we expect a sales ramp in 2018.  Once regulations are fully implemented in Europe next year and slightly in the early 2020, we estimate the GPF opportunity will exceed $0.5 billion in sales for Corning. Moving to Gorilla Glass for auto. Innovation trends continue to point towards a significant growth opportunity. On the exteriors of cars, Gorilla Glass laminates are tougher and lighter than conventional auto glass, plus the superior optical quality allows larger and clearer head-up displays.  For interiors, integrated and interactive displays are becoming a seamless part of the cabin and user experience. Corning is helping OEMs with this transition because Gorilla Glass provides an advanced, durable, optical interface surface with tremendous economics. Earlier this month, exhibits at CES provided impressive evidence for the increasing use and importance of glass in cars. We believe that our solutions provide compelling value and we are investing to prepare for the industry’s transition to highly connected and autonomous vehicles which will use Gorilla Glass. Pole [ph] for collaboration for the leading OEMs is increasing and we’ve already been awarded the for these platforms globally. We expect to make addition and significant progress during 2018.  In our life science vessels platform, we’re building a new and long-term multibillion dollar franchise. Last July, we introduced Corning Valor Glass, our remarkable new pharmaceutical glass packaging solution. Valor Glass dramatically reduces particle contamination, breaks and cracks, while significantly increasing throughput. Valor helps protect patients and improved pharmaceutical manufacturing. The industry is excited about our innovation, and announcement and we continue to make strong progress although it moves at a deliberate pace. Recently, the Parenteral Drug Association hosted a two-day conference dedicated to glass quality. Corning presented in a session focused on new development and innovations in pharmaceutical packaging. We remained closely engaged with our development partners, Merck and Pfizer, and are pleased with the progress we have seen with our customers over the last quarter. While we successfully completed multiple collaborative projects to support customer adoption of Valor. We also continue to engage with the Food and Drug Administration which is committed to streamlining the introduction of new innovations so technologies like Valor Glass can reach patients quickly. In 2018, we plan to invest in high volume manufacturing that will enable us to deliver commercial volumes to our customers. You will hear more from us regarding the manufacturing site and location in the coming months. While we continue to believe Valor has the potential to power Corning’s growth for the next decade in vehicles. In display, we remain the global leader. Our priority is to deliver stable returns and win in new display categories. We expect 2018 to be another year of strong progress for our display business. Our new plant in Hefei China has started shipping the world’s first Gen 10.5 glass. We are the only manufacture to have successfully scale glass production through this time. Ramping our new Gen 10.5 facility on a pace with BLE our major customer will augment volume growth.  In addition, pricing has become consistently more favorable over the past two years. In June, we stated that improvement to mid-single-digit decline was possible. We now believe this will happen in 2018. Reaching mid-single-digit annual pricing is a huge milestone toward our goal of maintaining stable returns.  Finally, Iris Glass which adds a third piece of glass to LCD displays is gaining momentum. We are excited about Lenovo's and Dell's new ultra-thin monitors which offer the world’s greatest monitors in a thin, no bezel package, uniquely enabled by Corning's Iris Glass.  I think it’s pretty clear, we’re making terrific progress across all of our market access platforms. We are investing to capture these opportunities and expect to maintain the 2017 momentum in 2018. We plan to deliver another strong year of sales in earnings growth, stay on track to fully achieving our strategy and capital allocation Framework goals.  Now let me turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our results, details on our outlook and additional updates on our Framework.
Jeff Evenson: Thank you, Wendell and good morning, everyone. Our 2017 results were outstanding. In 2018, we’ll continue investing to support our customers and extend our leadership. We expect core sales to grow to approximately $11 billion or about 7% on a constant currency basis. Before reviewing segment results, I want to talk about two items affecting our GAAP results, FX accounting and tax reform. As we’ve discussed before, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this resulted in after-tax GAAP gain of $1 million for the fourth quarter and a loss of $247 million for the full year. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges are protected economically from foreign exchange fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. We’re very pleased with our hedging program and economic certainty it delivers. We receive $1.6 billion in cash under our hedge contracts over the last five years. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using a fixed currency rate aligned with our yen and [indiscernible] translation hedges and also by adjusting for other items that do not reflect ongoing operations. For 2015 to 2017, our core reporting use a constant currency rate of 99 yen to the US dollar at 1,100 yen to the US dollar.  For 2018 to 2020 we established hedges for approximately 90% of our expected display earnings. We expect these hedges to result in average rate of 107 yen to the dollar and we plan to use that rate for our core reporting over the next three years. Additionally, we will use the cost of break of 1175 Korean won to the dollar which is closely aligned to our current won portfolio of foreign currency hedges. Nearly all the analysts covering Corning are already publishing estimates for 2018 and beyond at a yen exchange rate of approximately 107 yen to the dollar. For today's discussion I will present fourth quarter and full year 2017 core results at the 99 rates. My comments on our 2018 outlook will be based on 107 yen per dollar and 2017 results will be recast to our new core rates for comparison. We provided 2016 and 2017 results recast to the new core rate in [indiscernible]. So, you can update your models and compare operating results on an apples to apples basis. Turning to taxes, our full year and fourth quarter 2017 core results have been adjusted to exclude $1.8 billion in non-cash items related to US tax reform. The majority of the $1.8 billion is a onetime toll charge of approximately $1.2 billion on unremitted foreign earnings. The cash cost is almost entirely offset by our foreign tax credit carry forward. We have also revalued our deferred tax assets and liabilities. While we are still finalizing the impact of reform on our effective tax rate for 2018 we expected to increase to between 20% and 22%. In 2018 our projected tax rate will reflect the new lower tax rate offset by anti-base erosion provision. The net impact does not fully replace the benefit of our previously available foreign tax credit planning.  Near term tax reform provides greater flexibility in accessing our non-US cash and we have already benefited from that flexibility. Longer term as we execute on our growth initiatives and our US income grows, we will further benefit from the lower tax rate in the United States.  As a final note our investment in shareholder distribution target in the 2016-2019 strategy in capital allocation framework are not impacted by tax reforms. Now let's look at our results and outlook. For the fourth quarter core sales were up 7% year over year and EPS was $0.49. Full year sales rose 8% and EPS was up 11% to a $1.72. Core earnings were $1.8 billion consistent with 2016. An apple to apples comparison that reflects the strategic realignment of Dell Corning by excluding Silicom's equity earnings from the first half of 2016 shows that core earnings grew 5% year over year. As Wendell mentioned growth in operating margins dollars grew more slowly than sales in the back half of 2017, primarily because of planned and very attractive growth investments. These include capacity expansions for optical fiber and cable. Our Gen 10.5 Heisei display glass, capacity for gas particulate filters plus development for gorilla glass, Valor and a few other projects that we're not quite ready to dive into publicly.  Turning to the balance sheet we ended the year with $4.3 billion of cash. with the new flexibility created by US tax reform we brought $2 billion in cash back to the United States already this month. Adjusted operating cash flow for the year was $2.6 billion and keeps us on track to meet the goals of our four-year Capital Allocation plan. Now let's look at detailed segment results and outlook beginning with Display Technologies. Display's 2017 core sales were $3.4 billion and core earnings were $944 million. Fourth quarter $217 billion was up slightly sequentially exceeding our guidance and in line with the market. Sequential LCD glass pricing decline were slightly better than Q3 and better than expected. For the full year, our volume was up mid-single digits in line with our expectations. Pricing improved and reached single digit year-over-year decline in both Q3 and Q4.  Let’s turn to 2018. We expect further pricing improvement with year-over-year declines reaching mid-single digit. Reaching mid-single digit annual declines is an important milestone toward our goal of stabilizing returns in Display and is occurring earlier than the view we communicated to investors in June 2017. Three factors drive our view of a more favorable pricing environment. First, we expect glass supply to be balanced or even tight. Our Gen 10.5 plant supports the expected growth of large sized TVs [indiscernible] with and dedicated to our customer BOE. We pace underlying capacity in tandem with BOE to ensure our Gen 10.5 glass supply is balanced to demand.  We expect glass supply demand balance below Gen 10.5 to tighten further because demand continues to grow in 2018 while public information indicates there is little capacity growth planned in this segment by glass makers.  Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current price declines. Therefore, we expect their price declines with fall further as they try to remain profitable.  Third, LCD glass manufacturing requires ongoing investment in current and new capacities to support growth to generate acceptable returns on investments; glass pricing will need to improve even further.  We typically see the largest quarterly price change in the first quarter. In Q1 2018, we expect sequential glass price declines to again be moderate and more favorable than first quarter’s sequential price changes in recent years. In sum, pricing will be favorable in 2018. Let’s turn to volume. We expect LCD glass market volume to grow mid-single digits as television screen size growth continues. We expect our volume to grow faster than the market as we ramp production in tandem with BOEs Gen 10.5 demand in Hefei.  For the first quarter of 2018, we expect both the LCD glass market and our volume to climb sequentially by low single digit in line with normal seasonality. First quarter volume will be up low single digits on a year-over-year basis. We feel good about price and volume and gross margin should improve throughout the year. Two factors will dampen Display's gross margin percentage in the first quarter of 2018. First, we are starting up our Hefei facility. As always during our plant startup and fixed cost and staffing ramp ahead of production.  Second, we’ll be taking advantage of the seasonally wider volume in Display and Gorilla to rebuild tanks and optimize the fleet with our latest technology. As you may recall, in the third and fourth quarters of 2017, we ran a handful of tanks outside of our optimal range to meet strong demand. We will be correcting this in the first half.  The higher utilization at the happening plan and the fully optimization will improve productivity and gross margin especially in the second half of the year.  In summary, we had essentially all of our 2018 volume under contract. We remain very pleased with the current dynamics of our display business and our progress in maintaining stable returns. Let’s move to Optical Communications. Full year sales were $3.5 billion, up 18% and core earnings were up 33%. Fourth quarter sales grew 13% over last year. Fourth quarter earnings decline slightly as we invested to support growth in 2018 and beyond. In addition to fiber and cable capacity, we invested in building supply chain and new products for Saudi Telecom. Our first significant sales occurred during the quarter and required some setup costs. We’re honored to support Saudi Telecom as it begins the largest network build in the history of the Kingdom.  In the first quarter and for full year 2018, we expect sales to be up about 10% year-over-year excluding any contribution from the pending acquisition of 3M’s Communications Markets division. Key growth drivers include strong demand from carrier enterprise customers that will fill new capacity as we bring it online. We expect profitability to improve through the course of the year as we ramp our plans to meet committed customer demand. For your modeling purposes, we expect the 3M transaction to close in the middle of 2018. The transaction will add about $200 million in sales and be neutral to EPS in 2018 due to integration costs. As previously announced, we expect it will be accretive in 2019 and beyond.  Stepping back, we’re excited about 2018’s growth potential for Optical Communications and pleased to have additional opportunities ahead of us. Environmental technologies, 2017 sales were $1.1 billion, up 7% driven by worldwide growth in the auto-market and from winning additional business, which allowed us to grow faster than the market. Fourth quarter sales grew 19% year-over-year with core earnings rising 33%. As anticipated the North America and heavy-duty market improved in the second half of the year driving 7% growth in our diesel sales for 2017.  In addition, our gasoline particulate filter business delivered its first commercial sales in the third quarter as the initial phase of Euro VI regulations to comeback in September 2017. In the fourth quarter, we had additional sales and we want additional platforms. We have won the majority of platforms awarded to-date. 2017 core earnings were $139 million as investments in select capacity and engineering to support the ramp of our GPF business partially offset the benefits of increasing sales.  In the first quarter and for full year 2018, we expect high-single-digit sales growth, driven by continued strength in auto sales ongoing improvements in the heavy-duty diesel market and from the GPF launch.  In specialty materials 2017 sales was 25% over last year and core earnings were up 32%. We’re clearly benefiting from the rapid adaption of Gorilla Glass 5 and the trend for glass backs on devices. We also made progress with our innovations in other areas including Gorilla Glass emerging as the most widely used cover material on smart watches worldwide.  Fourth quarter sales increased 17% and core earnings were up 12% year-over-year. Sales benefitted from brands building aggressively to support their launch cycles. This demand pull-in is the primary reason we expect first quarter 2018 sales to be down about 10% year-over-year.  Overall, we remain very pleased with our performance in specialty materials. We expect to grow then for the full year 2018 following our strong 2017. The 2018 growth rate, will depend on new model launches and the adoption of our innovations. In the second half of 2018, we expect year-over-year growth as customers launch their new products and as we announce new innovations to meet customer needs in mobile consumer electronic including the introduction of our next generation of Gorilla Glass.  In life sciences, 2017 sales were $879 million and core earnings were $80 million with strong fourth quarter sales as we continue to outpace market growth. For the full year 2018, we expect sales to grow mid-single digits. First quarter sales should be up high single digits year-over-year.  As a reminder, my comments on our 2018 outlook are based on a new 107 and 11.75 of rates. While comparing to 2017 result recast to our new quarter rates. For 2018, all of our businesses have positive momentum and we expect full year sales of about $11 billion up 7%. We expect the full year gross margin to exceed 41% similar to 2017. The first quarter will be the low point for the year. We expect gross margin to be about 40% of sales consistent with 2017’s fourth quarter.  In the second half of 2018, our investments for example in the Gen 10.5 facility gas particular filter capacity, and new fiber and cable plant will exit the startup phase and result in new sales. Quarterly gross margin should exceed 42% in the second half. Annual operating expenses should remain consistent with last year as a percentage of sales. For the full year, SG&A is expected to be about 14% of sales and RD&A about 80%. The slides we are showing give you additional details for the first quarter and for the year.  In other items, we expect other income, other expense to remain at our fourth quarter 2017 run rate, generating a net expense of approximately $200 million for the year or about 45 to $55 million in Q1. Full year 2018, total growth equity earnings are expected to be similar to 2017 at approximately $200 million predominantly from hemlock [ph] semiconductor, with first question at about 25 to $30 million consistent with typical seasonality. As a reminder, our tax rate should be between 20% and 22% for the year and for the first quarter.  In 2018, we expect to spend slightly more than $2 billion on capital expenditures with programs in every market access platform. How much more will depend on how quickly we ramp some of our investments. We’ll provide more information as the year progresses.  Stepping back, the fourth quarter marked the half way point of our four-year strategy and capital allocation framework and I will conclude with a look at our accomplishments and our expectations. In brief, our progress on all dimensions had been excellent and we expect to deliver on all of our goals. In the first two years of the framework, our cash generation has been on target. We have invested $4.5 billion in planned investments to grow and extend our leadership and we have returned more than $9 billion to shareholders from share repurchases and dividend. Over the next two years of the framework, we plan to invest an additional $5.5 billion in our growth initiatives and we plan to continue repurchasing shares and paying dividend totally at least $3.5 billion additional over the remainder of the program. We expect our board to increase the dividend by at least 10% next week and at least 10% again in 2019. Putting it all together, as we invest $10 billion to drive growth and extend our leadership we are rewarding our investors by returning more than $12.5 billion which compounds the benefit of our future growth for long-term shareholders. We are very pleased with our continued positive momentum. We’re focused on keeping that momentum heading into 2018. We remained on track to deliver the goals of our strategy and capital allocation framework and are excited about the ridge stand of opportunities ahead. With that, let’s move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jeff. John, we can open the line for questions. We have live in the queue today so we’re hoping that you can keep one question for everybody.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi guys. Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to dig into the Optical business a bit. You guys are adding a lot of capacity here, I saw the announcement the other day about that your cable manufacturing facility I guess the question here, can you refresh us on the amount of new capacity you are adding in that business and then also the timing with which that capacity comes on line?
Wendell Weeks: Thanks George. We are not giving exact guidance on how much capacity we’re adding for obvious competitive reason. We launched on this latest round of the capacity expansion really anchored by the Verizon announcement in their commitment to $1 billion over the next few years. that together with a few other building blocks of key customer committed demand had us really try to expand our capacity footprint across all those products that we’ll be acquiring.  What you can fix that on timing where you heard from Jeff is that investment in capacity is a bit of a drag on our profitability in the back half of 2017 and the first half of 2018 and you are going to feel those plants ramp up and increasing utilization in the back half of 2018. So, the return from the drag to being a real force for positive momentum in the back half.
Operator: Our next question is from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Vijay Bhagavath, your line is open if you are on mute possibly. And we will move on to Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini : I’m looking at the display as a percentage of net income and the mix has steadily declined back in 2013 was, in the high 60% and now is almost 50%. As you accelerate the investment in other areas like what happened in the second half of ’17. Should we also expect acceleration in this decline, decline in display net income as a percentage of overall net income? I’m just trying to better understand how other segments or the net growth and have continued diversify the revenue and operating income mix?
Wendell Weeks: So, I think, you’ve got it -- I think your observation on what’s happened in the past and your projection of what’s in the future is directionally correct. Our other market-access platforms are going to grow faster and our display market-access platform and therefore it will become a smaller part of our overall corporate mix.
Mehdi Hosseini : I guess the question is, since you have a stepped-up investment in other areas, should we expect acceleration in contribution from other segments?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. 
Mehdi Hosseini : Would you like to elaborate on the rate of increase?
Wendell Weeks: No. There is only so much guidance we really want to give and project mainly because, we don’t want to -- everything has a higher compatibility set to it. But I think in general on track with it, which you heard from Jeff was it is expect an $11 billion of revenue this year. With the bulk of that revenue growth coming from other segments other than display. I think that type of numbers that you saw, that you can interpolate from there and what you saw for 2017, I think directionally, that’s the way to think about it going forward, there is very strong growth for the company overall with display being stable. Certainly, with the pricing dialogue you heard from Jeff, there is a possibility that display as a segment begins to gross up, but still, it will be at a lower rate than the rest of the company I believe.
Operator: And next go to Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox : Two questions from me please. First of all, on the gross margin swing there in 2018. Can you give us an idea of how much of the swing is just from ramping down some of the spending versus expecting new volumes to ramp in the second half?  And then as a follow-up, can you just give us a little bit better color on some of the grow gas auto wins. Maybe just buy large buckets of interior versus exterior and how you expected to realize revenues from that? Thanks. 
Jeff Evenson: Steve, when we open any new plant, the staffing and fixed costs tend to ramp earlier than the production. We had to commit demand for these plans and as we move to higher utilization rates due to volume increases and meeting this committed demand, we would expect our gross margins to improve throughout the year with especially strong growth in the second half. 
Wendell Weeks: And on auto Steve, did I hear your question right how we're feeling about the ramp and the mix between glazing exterior versus interiors.
Steven Fox : Yeah, I was just trying to understand like if you looked at the 35 new wins sort of what kind of buckets they fall into within the vehicle location, whether outside inside, what type of things inside and when would these programs start to ramp.
Wendell Weeks: The majority of the platform wins that we have right now are on the interior. But one of the reasons for that is people refresh interiors and adopt new design in interiors much more rapidly than they refresh the exterior of a car platform. So, the majority of those are in interiors. I think that when we think through the revenue opportunity we don't see a lot of difference between the revenue opportunity in interiors and exteriors. Even though the glass area is quite higher in exterior the relatively higher value that we had in interior with special optical surfaces to create a particular viewing experience means that that's quite a high revenue realization business for us. So, I would say determining between the two probably isn't as important as the overall rate of adoption as we try to drive this business to another $1 billion sort of revenue generator for Corning over time.
Steven Fox : And this would be for 2019-2020 model year vehicles.
Wendell Weeks: We'll start shipping commercially for those products late this year, right we'll begin. But you won't start to see a significant ramp till starting in 2019 and beyond you should look for when we start to put in some high-volume manufacturing for the part finishing and optical treatment should give you some more evidence and you should hear about that sometime this year Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: So, I was just wondering around these price declines sounded from your Q1 commentary that there was an improving but higher than mid-single digit decline which will improve the pricing improves, more so throughout the course of the year close to Q1. I appreciate your volumes are lower in Q1 relative to full year but is 2Q the right timeframe to think about price declines to get to mid-single digits. And secondarily I know Tony in the past has said that the core rate could be locked in maybe over a five-year period. Is the FX volatility causing you to rethink for the period of locking in the core rate at this 107 for three versus five years? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for your questions Wamsi. First one on pricing, so let's make sure we're talking about the right terms. There's no sequential price decline in Quarter 4 and Quarter 1 for instance and then there's year over year declines Quarter 1 this year versus Quarter 1 last year. What you heard from Jeff was that we're talking now about the really important milestone of towards the back half of this year. We expect the year-over-year decline to be a mid-single digit. That’s a very significant milestone.  The sequential declines are there have been a low single digit and continue to be. We’re seeing improvement in this Q1 decline versus Q1 of last year and of course we are going to continue to see improvement in the sequential declines to be able to reach much lower year-over-year decline rate, but that little shift in terms can be a misunderstanding. I think the key granule we see the rate of price decline improving for us and we would expect to see that especially in the back half of the year that we had additives for it already in Q1 and anticipate it as well in Q2.
Jeff Evenson: With respect to hedging, we are probably giving a three-year core rate to be effective, it’s a good window to buy certainty for our cash flows and earnings. It allows us to execute in a focused way our strategy of capital allocation framework and deliver all the goals consistent with our financial policies. We do have hedges in place for the next three-year period, but at lower coverage than the 90% we have through the 2020. So, we’ll give you more details on how we expect our core rates evolve as we get closer to that 10-year period.
Operator: And our next question is from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: My question is on your optical portfolio in 5G in particular 5G if you'd agree with me is fundamentally different from previous wireless generations, 5G uniquely needs both wireless and optical communication. So, my question is around, would you focus primarily on the optical communications opportunity in 5G or any thoughts in building up a wireless communication portfolio for 5G now with the fixed wireless starting to pick up and then we’re getting into mobility in 5G? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: An excellent question, Vijay. I think your assessment of the difference between 5G wireless technology in previous generations is accurate and that wireless now becomes a very optically rich offering as people move towards dense 4G and 5G.  As far as expanding outside of optical, mainly our focus will be on those things that are fully integrated into our passive optical system where we can uniquely be able to package and/or facilitate the implementation of wireless for our customers, we would augment our offering. But that is a dialogue which we’re involved with deeply with our key customers and is really quite straightforward, it becomes do you want to view this or do you want to source it and what is the least expensive way to build out this infrastructure. So, depending on how those dialogues go in a more the value could shifted beyond the optical, but I think it’s too soon yet to conclude where those dialogues end Vijay.
Vijay Bhagavath: Thanks Wendell. Truly helpful. A quick follow on, as you bring up more optical fiber capacity I mean I keep seeing these blurbs on the news wire, you keep continue to build up new optical manufacturing capacity. Would that have any near-term impacts on segment margins? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. Excellent question Vijay. As you would have heard from Jeff is, we had from our investments in optical, a bit of a drag in the back half of 2017 and we had a bit of a drag here in the first quarter of 2018. We would expect as those facilities will ramp, that drag will disappear and then turn into strong positive. As you know having visited our Optical Communications plants, our fixed costs in those facilities is high. So, our variable margins are also quite high. So, as we feel that up, you can expect to see it have a pretty potent effect on our gross margins. 
Operator: Our next question from Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton : Excuse me, I want to dig a little bit more into gross margin perhaps a two-part question. So, I guess, I’m strongly see how the commentary on several segments running at full capacity exiting the year results in the 4Q gross margin missing your guide by about 100 bps. And it appears to me that the comments that you’re making on the investment headwinds tend to be more targeted at the first half of ’18. So maybe, you can help us bridge the 41% gross margin results relative to the 42% guide.  And then if we look forward and taking into account that a substantial portion of your growth is coming from some larger -- some lower margin businesses, how should we think about gross margin post investments, I think that you talk about 42% gross margin in back half of the year? But is that a good intermediate term target meaning that 43% plus that we saw in the 2014-15 timeframe is unachievable given mix going forward?
Wendell Weeks: Let’s start with the Q4. So, in Q4, we’re also seeing that the drag from our investment cycles. And you’re having, what can cause timing delta is that as we actually start-up a plant then there is certain costs that are attributed that are sitting in a project now flow through our P&L in our gross margins. So, some of that fitting quarter four as well as you may have seen the announcement from Saudi that the major new strategic alliance we’ve announced. That also started to shift and so there we had to build a new supply chain and that as about 4th generations of product to that. So, it’s a new product, new supply chain and so as we started to shift that, that also as profitability was not at the level that it will be ultimately.  So, I think really quarter four and quarter one is the same basic story, a little bit different mix revenue investment is. But you’re seeing that strong investment takeaway from some of this strength in the overall operations and we’d expect that to reverse.  Now turn it over to Jeff for the back half, but you’re right on the target for our gross margins. Jeff?
Jeff Evenson: At our new core rates of 107 yen per dollar and 1,175 Korean won per dollar, the 2017 gross margin was 41.3%. We expect to be about it at this year. First quarter we're going to be at 40% in the back half of the year for Quarter 3 and Quarter 4 we expect to be above 42%. The two primary drivers of that are that our new factories will act as the startup stage as we ramp to meet the committed demand and then the second factor is we're taking advantage of the seasonally lighter demand and display to upgrade our display tanks with the latest technology and that will also have a strong benefit in the back half of the year.
Operator: And next we go to Stanley Kovler of Citi Research, please go ahead.
Stanley Kovler: Just one question on displays and then a follow up on the optical side. Panel makers have commented recently that they wanted to refocus on profitability and so one question was for 2017 for example when in the second half of the year there was more discounted to get inventory moving in China. How should we think about those types of developments going forward when maybe panel makers or OEMs will be less inclined to discount to get volume through. Your thoughts would be great.
Jeff Evenson: We think that the supply chain inventory in actually 2017 had a healthy level and we think it will be healthy throughout 2018 as we see growth at the retail level. In terms of impact on us, we think that the glass market volume is going to be up mid-single digits and we believe that our pricing can reach mid-single digit year over year decline. We think that pricing is going to be driven by three things, the supply demand balance, competitive profitability of glass makers and also the need for attractive returns on ongoing investments. If you look over the last three years correlation between tail [ph] makers performance and glass pricing has been very low. So, we feel pretty confident on our guidance.
Wendell Weeks: Stan was that the question you were asking or were you aiming more at the display market.
Stanley Kovler: Appreciate it, no that was the question. I just wanted to follow up on optical related to Verizon. The amounts from [indiscernible] capabilities I think that allow them multiple wavelengths on a single fiber for some of the edge [ph] deployments and I think the focus more from these technologies was to get to speed up on a single wavelength. Does this have any implication for you guys on demand or ramp of single mode fiber, is this an accelerator or could this actually slow things down for you, thank you.
Wendell Weeks: So, in general what drives our demand is going to be footprint by neighborhood or by city. It is putting the [I in telecom] [ph] it is putting in place the regional infrastructure that we're going to service. As always when you put in something like [indiscernible] the capability of the fiber is always well in excess of what you're driving it at. And so quite often what you'll see is our demand comes when we basically due to home passes and then ultimately the home drops and then it’s always the telecom company can turn up the rate and turn up the service level with pretty simple upgrades in the [indiscernible] system inside sort of a level of itself. So, this is atypical and we don’t see it as impacting us frankly one way or the other, even negatively or positively other than to the extent that the degree with which auto customers serve their customers better, that net long-term turned in to more demand for us.
Operator: Right. And next one is James Fossa with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Fossa: Thank you very much. Just wanted to get a little more color on growth drivers for especially materials and Optical and Displays. Wendell, you talked a little bit about interior glass starting to move specialty or starting to contribute really in 2019. How should we think about bit it as a growth driver for specialty materials overall kind of meaningful in 2019 as a contributor or is it going to take longer than that? And I guess in light of your recent comments on this call related to Iris similar question on Iris, can Iris be a meaningful contributor to Display in 2019 or once again is that going to take longer? Thank you very much.
Wendell Weeks: So, let’s start with your first question. The segment was sort of accounting method. Right now, we account for auto in glass area inside other, right. Ultimately, I don’t agree determine where we live is a segment, but it links more closely with our automotive market access platform than it does on mobile consumer electronics platform.  That being said because what you really care about is, does it generate revenue or not. I think 2019 will be the year if everything goes well that we will start to feel it in automotive. We’re a big company and this is just the beginning of this so it’s not going to be a life changing field in 2019.  But we will expect it to be really start to build its momentum in 2019 and then start to really contribute much more in the next decade. So, in the near term, what drives us in specialty is the adoption of our new innovations by more and more of the OEMs and we expect specialty to grow this year in mobile consumer and electronics and rate of growth will depend on how quickly people adopt our innovation sets.  In Iris, it’s still too early to tell. I think it’s very encouraging that two major players in monitors; Dell and Lenovo have adopted the Iris technology for the top of their line. I think we need to see they become a lot mainstream before that turns some of the investment area into a margin producer.
Operator: And we’ll go to Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf: Hi. Thank you. I had a question back to Display but on the transition in the industry towards OLED and not on the TV set but on the smaller panel size and the lower -- I guess the Gen 6, 6.5. Competitively is there any impact, I know you guys are involved in OLED manufacture, but are you competitors involved in the same way and is there any longer-term consideration where the other businesses or your competition is looking at the OLED opportunity differently than Corning?
Wendell Weeks: So, could you just build on your question? When you say OLED, what exactly do you mean.
Joseph Wolf: Both in flexible and in rigid, where, I know that Corning product is used in the manufacture of the end product, or perhaps it’s in the final device. And I’m wondering, if you believe that your competitors have the same sort of manufacturing capability or they are looking at that market differently?
Wendell Weeks: How can we tell our competitors are looking at it? So, let me share instead how we think about it. Starting back a number of years ago as we evaluated OLED versus LCD technology. We determine that OLED probably will be most successful in the flexible small mobile area. Because the opportunity need performance advantage is that we’re highly value. So therefore, that’s where we focused a lot of our innovation effort and our share and that business is impressively high. So, to the extent that devices go into OLED mobile consumer electronics as opposed to LCD, that is revenue enhancer for us.  Now to small revenue enhancer, because in glass, the area of the device matters and so overall mobile is relatively small percent of the overall glass demand. What we felt then and we continue to feel is that all OLED for TV can become a player, but a small player that fundamentally it doesn’t offer enough value validate to the cost will create versus the continually improving LCD technologies like you just saw recently at CES with some of the big quantum dot technologies. That being said, we have a strong position as well. Anytime, anybody wants to use the glass. So, I don’t have great insight into how do our competitors feel about it. But I really like our position.
Operator: And that will be from Doug Clark with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Doug Clark : I had a question on the display glass volume expectations. First for the market being up mid-single-digits in 2018. Can you explain what that means from a TV unit standpoint? Two units have been down for the past few years, I’m wondering if you’re assuming or reacceleration in growth.  And then secondly on Corning share gains in the relationships with BOE driving above market volume growth. Can you quantify that, should we be expecting high-single-digit glass volume growth for Corning in 2018, so essentially the materiality of BOE in 2018? Thanks. 
Jeff Evenson: Sure. We expect screen size to be the primary driver of growth this year. And in terms of our growth BOE is ramping our Gen 10.5 facility, we’re ramping our glass in tandem. So, we expect stability in other areas and that to be a little add for us, but that’s all the guidance we are looking at this time. 
Ann Nicholson: Great, alright thank you all for joining us today. before we closed, I just wanted to remind you that we will issue an 8-K today within our core data recap again a 107 and a one at 1175. We'll be attending the Goldman Sachs conference on February 13th and we'll be planning to attend at least one conference at Corning for this quarter for the rest of the year. We'll also be providing some virtual presentations and webcasts on business topics throughout the year.  Finally, there will be a web replay of today's call on our website starting later this morning and a telephone replay available for the next two weeks with details in today's news release. Once again thank you all for joining us. John that concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc. Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc. R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.
Analysts: Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group Patrick Michael Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Results. Is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Greg, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's third quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. Slides are being shown live on our webcast to accompany our formal comments, and we encourage you to follow along. They'll also be available on our website for downloading. And now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. This morning we reported another excellent quarter. Sales and EPS exceeded expectations and progress on our growth initiatives continues to be outstanding. Third quarter sales increased 6% year-over-year. Sales in all of our business segments exceeded our expectations, highlighted by 15% year-over-year sales growth in Optical Communications and 26% growth in Specialty Materials. Looking ahead, we expect to maintain this momentum and fully achieve our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework goals. As we've shared, the Framework outlines our leadership priorities as we continue to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength to extend our leadership, drive our growth and reward our shareholders. Under the Framework, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019. We are returning more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends, and we are investing $10 billion to sustain our leadership and deliver growth. We have made outstanding progress against those goals since the Framework was announced in October of 2015. Our cash generation is on target, and we have returned $8.5 billion through share repurchases and dividends. Repurchases have reduced outstanding shares by about 29%. We increased the dividend 14.8% in February and 12.5% last year for a combined increase of 29%. We expect to increase the dividend by at least 10% annually in 2018 and again in 2019. In addition to articulating our capital allocation goals, the Framework outlines how we utilize our focused and cohesive portfolio to generate value for our shareholders and to delight our customers. We are best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities that use capabilities in at least two of these three categories. By pursuing our focused strategy, we believe our likelihood of success increases, our cost of innovation decreases, and we create higher and more sustainable competitive barriers. To advance our innovation initiatives, strengthen our product leadership in low-cost positions, and ultimately outperform our competitors, we are investing in research and development, enhancing our manufacturing capabilities and making bolt-on acquisitions. Our growth investments since the introduction of the Framework have been consistent with program needs. Our progress has been terrific and multiple projects are moving into the next phase of development. So we've begun to accelerate investments in line with our four-year plan to invest $10 billion, and you can see the impact of these investments in our financial statements. Tony is going to talk more about the investments, but first let me review the progress starting with Optical Communications. We celebrated a major milestone in September. We produced our 1 billionth kilometer of fiber. That's one-third of the optical fiber ever produced in the history of the world. It's also enough to go to the sun and back 3.5 times. But think about it this way, it takes light about 10th of a second to go around the circumference of the earth. It takes light 56 minutes to go 1 billion kilometers. The milestone is a terrific measure of the success we've had over 40 years in leveraging our core technologies and manufacturing and engineering platforms. Our dedicated employees have helped us become the world's largest manufacturer of optical fiber, the world's lowest-cost provider, and the home to some of the most precise manufacturing operations of any kind anywhere in the world. As a result, we're the world leader in Optical Communications and the only true end-to-end supplier of optical solutions. We believe that the opportunities ahead of us are much greater than those that are behind us. To capture these opportunities, we're investing to expand capacity, to innovate, and to increase our market access. Corning's unique co-innovation approach and technical capabilities position us to continue delighting our customers through distinctive innovation to manufacturing leadership. These investments are paying off. We are growing at more than twice the rate of the telecommunications industry with global leaders like Verizon turning to us in support of their vision. We're well on our way to more than 15% sales growth for 2017, which keeps us on track to achieve $5 billion in optical sales by 2020. Our Mobile Consumer Electronics platform is much younger than our Optical Communications platform, but it also reached an important milestone this year; the 10th anniversary of Corning Gorilla Glass. Over the decade, we innovated to make Gorilla thinner, tougher, and more damage resistant than ever with Gorilla Glass 5 showing dramatically-improved drop performance over alternatives. We've developed specialized processes to reduce glare, improve aesthetics, and enhance scratch resistance. Today, Gorilla Glass is seeing broader adoption than ever before. Over the past few months, leading smartphone manufacturers adopted our glass on their new devices. Advanced Glass offers several benefits over other materials like metal or plastic. Along with improved wireless charging, Advanced Glass on the back also enables improved reception. It allows for new levels of design and customization. We're also realizing more value per device through our innovations. For example, Acer's new wearable Leap Ware is using Gorilla Glass SR+, our scratch resistant glass composite. And we continue to see increased sales of Vibrant, our photorealistic parts on notebooks and computers, with growing interest in the handheld space. Walmart recently introduced a new line of screen protectors under the name Blackweb, which uses our accessory glass. And we continue to win at smartphone OEMs in emerging regions including new devices at Positivo in Brazil, LAVA in India and Polytron in Indonesia. For the first nine months of 2017, Specialty Materials segment sales grew 28% over last year, which clearly illustrates the power of our approach. Our close customer relationships enable us to innovate jointly and we're on track to double sales in mobile consumer electronics over the next several years. In our Automotive market access platform, we are helping customers build cleaner, safer and more connected vehicles. The gas particulate filter business is starting right now. As the year began, we needed to win platforms and we were waiting for regulations to be fully adopted. Let's fast forward to today. European regulations are in place with China expected to follow soon. Most European and many Chinese OEMs have now declared platform awards and we won the majority. In the third quarter, we had our first commercial sales and we expect sales to ramp going forward. The exclusive global supply agreement we announced in August for Groupe PSA's PureTech Engine Platform is a great example of our success. PureTech engines power Groupe PSA's latest models in its Peugeot and Citroën brands. All PureTech gasoline direct injection engine models in Europe and in China will be equipped with Corning GPFs beginning this month. And we continue collaborating with OEMs globally on Gorilla Glass for auto. We're making solid progress with Gorilla Glass on more than 25 auto platforms globally. On the exteriors of cars, Gorilla Glass laminates are lighter and tougher than conventional auto glass, plus its superior optical quality allows larger, clearer head-up displays. For interiors, Gorilla Glass makes cars more connected and durable with sophisticated capabilities you've come to expect from your smartphones. The Renault SYMBIOZ Concept car unveiled at the Frankfurt Motor Show in September demonstrates this value proposition. The SYMBIOZ reimagines the car as an interactive personal space. At home the car's design and electric power system make it another room. On the road, full autonomy allows passengers to relax or focus on activities other than driving. Everywhere, Corning Gorilla Glass for auto interiors provides access to the digital world. In our Life Sciences vessels platform, we're building a long-term multibillion-dollar franchise. At our joint announcement with Merck and Pfizer in July, we unveiled Corning Valor Glass, a revolutionary breakthrough in pharmaceutical glass packaging. It helps protect patients and improve pharmaceutical manufacturing by dramatically reducing particle contamination, breaks and cracks, while significantly increasing throughput. Valor results from a combination of capabilities unique to Corning and demonstrates our focused and cohesive portfolio in action. Although this industry moves at a deliberate pace, we believe Valor has the potential to power Corning's growth for the next decade and beyond. The industry is excited about our innovation and announcement and we continue to make strong progress. We're also in the process of finalizing plans for manufacturing capacity and we'll be announcing more details in the coming months. The good news is that the regulatory environment de-risks our investments by providing clear advance notice of demand and by creating stable sales that will occur over many years. We continue to believe that Valor is an outstanding opportunity. In Display, our priority is to maintain stable returns and win in new display categories. Our strategy focuses on lowest-cost manufacturing, stable share and supply/demand balance. The benefits of this strategy continue to be encouraging. We are the lowest cost producer by a wide margin, and our pricing has become consistently more favorable over the past three years. And our new plant in Hefei, China is on schedule to start shipping the world's first Gen 10.5 glass, another demonstration of our market leadership. So that's the summary of progress across the company. We're very happy with how 2017 is playing out. We're outperforming on sales, seeing the first returns on near-term growth investment and making great progress on our longer-term growth initiatives. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and details on our outlook.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. As I reflect on our performance year-to-date and our expectations for the fourth quarter, every segment is meeting or beating the plan we set in January. We have strong operating performance, and our innovation pipeline continues to achieve milestones and deliver the tangible proof points. We have accelerated our growth investments accordingly and remain on track to deliver our Framework goals. Third quarter results reflect the strong performance, and our fourth quarter guidance incorporates our expectations for continued strength. Let's start with GAAP and its impact on our hedge contract accounting. GAAP accounting requires earning translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For the third quarter, the yen was relatively stable and the value of our hedge contracts was relatively unchanged. This resulted in an after-tax GAAP loss of $15 million when we marked the contracts to market as required by GAAP. And be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. We remain very pleased with the results of our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. Since its inception, we have received cash totaling $1.6 billion under our hedge contracts. These proceeds offset much of the yen-related fluctuation in Display's earnings. Hedging our earnings and cash flows through 2022 provides higher certainty for our growth investments and future shareholder distributions. For information on the mechanics of these contracts, please refer to the tutorial on FX hedge accounting on the digital media disclosure section of our Investor Relations website. And as always, Ann and her team are available after the call. Third quarter sales rose 6% year over year. Core earnings were $433 million and EPS was $0.43, up 2%. Third quarter growth highlights include 15% year-over-year growth in Optical Communications, 26% year over year growth in Specialty Materials and the first commercial sales of gas particulate filters. The third quarter gross margin was 42% of sales with gross margin dollars up 3% versus last year. SG&A was 14% of sales at $372 million, and RD&E was 8% of sales at $213 million. As we expected, investing in the growth opportunities that Wendell described is beginning to impact gross margin, SG&A, and RD&E. Our growth investments include capacity expansions for Optical Communications, our Gen 10.5 Hefei plant and gas particulate filters, plus development for Gorilla Glass, Valor, and a few other projects we're not quite ready to dive into publicly. These, along with our higher tax rate, are the primary reason our sales grew more rapidly than EPS. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $3.9 billion of cash, approximately 16% of which is in the U.S. Adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was $765 million and keeps us on track to meet the goals of our four-year Capital Allocation plan. Now let's look at detailed segment results and outlook beginning with Display Technologies. Sales were $860 million and core earnings were $227 million. Our Q3 volume was up mid-single digits sequentially, exceeding our July guidance. Sequential LCD glass price changes were similar to last quarter and consistent with our expectations for a more favorable environment. In addition, costs were up slightly sequentially in the quarter: First, because of the investment in the start-up of our Gen 10.5 facility in Hefei; and, second, we're running a handful of tanks outside their optimal range for a few quarters to meet strong demand for our fusion assets across the company. As a reminder, we used our fusion assets for Display glass, Gorilla, Iris and Automotive so when aggregate demand is high we have less flexibility to optimize our tank fleet. For the fourth quarter, we expect the LCD glass market and Corning volume to be consistent with Q3. Sequential glass price decline should remain moderate and similar to the third quarter's sequential decline. And for the reasons I just noted, we expect fourth quarter cost to be similar to Q3. For the full year, we continue to expect that the retail market, as measured in square feet of glass, will be up mid-single digits, driven by increasing screen size. We expect our glass demand will also be up mid-single digits in line with the overall market, and we continue to see progress towards a more favorable pricing environment. Our price declines in 2015 were smaller than in 2014, and in 2016 they improved further. This pattern is continuing this year. For example, year-over-year price declines in the second half are on track to be less than 10%. So we've entered single-digit year-on-year decline territory. We expect this to continue and pricing to improve over time. Now, three factors drive our view of the more favorable pricing. First, we expect glass supply to be balanced or even tight. We will align our capacity to our demand even as we ramp up new capacity. Publicly-available information indicates competitors are aligning their capacity to their demand. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, LCD glass manufacturing requires ongoing investments in current and new capacity. To generate acceptable returns on new investments, glass pricing will need to improve even further. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current dynamics in our Display business and our progress in maintaining stable returns. Let's move to Optical Communications, where we had a very strong quarter. Third quarter sales were up 15% and core earnings up 13% year-over-year. Sales grew in both our enterprise and carrier businesses, with especially strong demand for our carrier products. Capacity expansions and other growth investments account for the difference between sales and profit growth. Without these investments, earnings will have grown much faster than sales. Our growth stands out as we look across the telecom industry. Our outstanding performance results from our choice to focus our portfolio on tacit optical solutions that are replacing legacy copper and incremental growth as we deliver unique solutions for next-generation networks. We expect fourth quarter sales to be up high single-digits over last year, and we're increasing our view of full-year sales growth to more than 15%. We're on track to achieve our $5 billion annual sales goal for Optical Communications by 2020. Turning to our Environmental business, third quarter sales were $277 million, up 5% year-over-year. Notably, these include our first commercial GPF sales. Core earnings were $34 million, consistent with last year. Investments in our new gas particulate filter business partially offset the benefits of increasing sales. Third quarter year-over-year automotive sales were driven by worldwide market growth and from share gains. As anticipated, the North America heavy-duty diesel market returned to year-over-year growth and is showing signs of a steady upturn. Our new gas particulate filter business delivered its first commercial sales as the first phase of Euro VI regulations went into effect. We also delivered additional platform wins in the quarter, extending our majority position of platforms awarded to-date. Once regulations are fully implemented in Europe next year and China in early 2020, we estimate the GPF opportunity will exceed $0.5 billion of annual sales for Corning and offer margins and ROIC similar to our existing businesses. In total for the fourth quarter, we expect low-teens year-over-year sales growth driven by improvement in heavy-duty diesel and the successful launch of GPFs. So for the full year, we now expect Environmental sales to be up mid-single digits over last year. Let's move to Specialty Materials where third quarter sales rose 26% over last year and core earnings were up 61% year-over-year. Both were ahead of our expectations, driven by strong shipments of Gorilla Glass in support of new phone launches. We're clearly seeing the financial benefits of our focused and cohesive portfolio. Overall, we're thrilled with our performance in Specialty Materials and expect sales in the fourth quarter to be up low to mid-teens over a very strong 2016 fourth quarter. As Wendell covered, we expect strong demand to continue as we make progress on all three of our approaches to grow sales. At the beginning of the year, we said we will grow in 2017. Exactly how much would depend on the timing and extent of customers adopting our innovations. We can now say the extent and timing has been outstanding, and we expect 2017 sales growth to exceed 20%. We are well on our way to our goal of doubling sales for mobile consumer electronics over the next several years. In Life Sciences, third quarter sales were $223 million and core earnings were $21 million. For the fourth quarter, we expect mid-single digit sales growth year-over-year. As a reminder, our new pharmaceutical packaging business continues to be reported in our Other reporting segment, along with other new product lines and development projects. We group our emerging opportunities in Other to better manage their goals and objectives, independent from a fully commercialized business. Shifting to the full company P&L. For the fourth quarter, we expect gross margin as a percent of sales to be consistent with the third quarter or about 42%. As I said earlier, our growth investments are also affecting our operating expenses. SG&A and RD&E should be a bit above 14% and 8% of sales respectively. We expect other income, other expense to be a net expense of approximately $45 million to $55 million, and fourth quarter total gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $110 million to $120 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductor, implying full year gross equity earnings to be in the $200 million to $210 million range. This is higher than we expected, driven by slightly higher volume and better business performance at Hemlock. We expect our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter to be approximately 19% and for the full year 2017 to be approximately 18.5%. Our U.S. income is up from 2016, which raises our effective tax rate. Finally, let me update you on our plan to return at least $12.5 billion to shareholders under our Framework. During the end of the third quarter, we have returned $8.5 billion. In the third quarter, we returned $1.1 billion, bringing the year-to-date total to $2.5 billion. As you may recall, in February, the board increased the cash dividend per share by 14.8%. Let me close by saying that we are very pleased with our continued positive momentum. We're focused on closing out a very strong 2017 and keeping that momentum heading into next year. We remain on track to deliver the overall goals of our strategy and capital allocation framework and are excited about the rich set of opportunities ahead of us. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Tony. Hey, Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Okay. And one moment please for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hey. Yeah. Good morning. Yeah, it would be helpful to get color, Wendell, Tony, in terms of order strength in the optical fiber business. Where I'm coming from is, is the demand primarily driven at hyperscale clouds? And are you seeing any timing delays at any of the major service providers for fiber-to-the-home or metro optical buildouts? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: We're seeing very – thanks, Vijay. We're seeing really very, very strong demand. And we're feeling the most strength out of our carrier business, but we're also seeing good strength in enterprise. We're really tight, which is why you heard from Tony about our investments in capacity. We expect that tightness to continue for the foreseeable future until we're able to get that capacity up and running. So right now, the market seems very, very strong to us, sir.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Wolf from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. I had a question about the Gorilla Glass business and just if you could give us a little bit more detail about the mix. If we look at the growth of new customers' adoption rates for the first time, which you talked about on a couple of countries, the mix of versions 3, 4, and 5, and how good 5 – how well 5 is doing right now, and then how much of the growth that you're seeing is coming from the double-sided opportunity and how widespread do you think that will go down the cost curve of the handset vendors?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So we tend not to break out our mix by generation, but let me try to be responsive to your question, Joseph. GG 5 is the most successful Gorilla Glass launch we've had since the beginning. It has been exceeding our expectations in terms of penetration, and we expect that to continue. Its performance is much, much better than any of the alternatives, and that performance is what is leading to not only its rapid adoption versus GG 4 and GG 3, but also putting glass in new places like the back of the phone. We still have a lot more innovation to do to solve the core problem, which is to develop a transparent material that when you drop your phone, it doesn't break, no matter what innovative new way you have found to drop your phone. And we have many generations ahead of us. But what you see in the financial performance and why you're seeing that really strong net income performance together with the sales performance is the increased richness of GG 5 and its very rapid adoption. I think it's too early yet to opine on how rapidly the total glass enclosure penetration will grow. It's obviously off to an encouraging start, which you can tell from watching the news. I think in the end, it will depend on how much we can continue to improve the glass to make sure that the customer's ultimate experience of this product has all the great benefits of glass, wireless charging, improved receptions, improved aesthetics, but at the same time to have the type of durability you'd see from more opaque materials. Is that responsive, Joseph? Does that get at you want to, sir?
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. It's going on the right direction. Just a follow-up related to the investment. On the capital allocation plan, the pace on the cash give-back is, if you take it at just a – if you straight-line the four or five – four-year plan, it would be ahead of plan. If we think about the $10 billion in investment – and Tony went through a couple areas where the investment is going, but how do we think about that $10 billion in terms of the pace up to the 2019 plan and where you are in dollar-wise?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Sure. I think as you think going forward, as we continue to have greater success, we will increase that investment. If you think about capital spending, for example, in the first year we just spent $1.2 billion. We're going to spend more than $1.5 billion this year because of the success that we're having with the capacity expansions that are required right now. I think the second thing to keep in mind is, is that from an RD&E standpoint, we're consistently investing there, but there will be opportunities to continue to grow that a little bit as we continue to have success. The other thing to remember is, is that that is no more than 10% from a gross standpoint. Some of that comes from M&A, and that M&A depends on just when those opportunities actually make themselves available. But clearly we spent in the first half a little bit less than what you'd expect, and so it's likely we'll spend a little bit more in the second half of the four-year plans, mostly as long as those opportunities are there and it makes a lot of sense to invest in them.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. I think stepping back from this, the key thing to keep an eye on is we don't expect to invest more than $10 billion. We think the $10 billion in the capital allocation plan, when we put it together, we had all these things in mind. Now, it is true that the exact timing of the different innovations and the exact timing of when you need capacity is really hard to call within any given six-month time period. But also I think the plan is, we're going to invest $10 billion, we don't see the need to invest more, and how the timing works out is going to follow the flow of programs. And probably its predictability isn't worth spending a ton of time on because the total capital allocation flow is going to be what we described.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. Two follow-ups. Historically, panel prices have correlated very closely to Corning's display revenue. But this time is different, especially you've done relatively well compared to panel price decline. Other than competitors' balance sheet, the constraint, what else is out there that makes historical correlation no longer valid? And then I have a follow-up for Tony. Can you just remind me of the capital – of the overall capital return program budget for $2.5 billion? Where are you now? Can you give us an update on how much accumulatively you have already spent?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. So let me start with the panel price question. As we've laid out, over the last three years, we've been on a favorable trend relative to pricing, and we just reported that we've entered a period of single-digit decline territory. And we expect this to continue, and if you think about over the last three years, pricing has improved every single year despite what's happening from a panel price, whether panel price is increasing, whether panel prices are decreasing, we're seeing that pricing environment from a glass standpoint to improve. And the reason we think that's the case is it's driven by the factors we've laid out in the past: glass supply/demand, which we expect to remain balanced or even tight; our competitor profitability; and then finally, the need for glassmakers to generate acceptable returns on manufacturing investments. And so those are the reasons that we think on a going forward basis we're going to continue see even more moderate glass pricing as we go forward. In terms of the capital allocation plan, what we have said all along that we would return more than $12.5 billion over the four-year period, and what we returned through the end of this quarter was about $8.5 billion of that.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Does that suggest that you would end up increasing given the pace that you're returning the cash to investors? Or would you hit that $12.5 billion sooner than later?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: I think that we've always said it's greater than $12.5 billion. And certainly at the pace we've been at, I suspect that we will hit it sooner than later. But the reason that we've been going at the pace we have is that we don't believe that investors really have all the growth prospects in our stock, and we've found very opportunistic to be able to do share buybacks. And in fact of the share buybacks we've done, the average price has been a little over $22, and we feel pretty good about that.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Newton from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Michael Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Wendell and Tony. I guess, first, I wanted to focus on Gorilla Glass. Clearly, you've seen some improved demand trends there from new launches and also glass on both sides of multiple products from multiple OEMs. I guess my question is how comfortable are you with the current supply/demand dynamics for Gorilla Glass given the product has a history of having unexpected supply swings on one side? And then there's also some well-documented manufacturing challenges associated with a large new customer product ramp?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, Patrick, I think you're right to note that the exact predictability of the mobile consumer electronics supply chain can be problematic. Now given that, let me sort of express the way we're feeling right now and how we're experiencing that supply chain. Right now, we continue to see very, very strong pull as we look forward to this quarter. So that's the way we're experiencing it. We're not experiencing a slowdown, and you see that in our own way in which we're operating tank fleets, right? We're actually having to run a little bit longer than maybe we would've liked, and a little bit less than on an optimum utilization base, and it's really because of that strength. This doesn't mean that all of a sudden the supply chain in mobile consumer electronics has become highly predictable. It has not. But I hope it helps that you get a sense for how we're experiencing at least our piece of that supply chain at this time.
Patrick Michael Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's helpful. I guess, Tony, I wanted to shift to a question on your margin profile. Great results, great guidance, especially on the top line side. But if I wanted to nitpick on something, it'd be on the gross margin, which was a little bit disappointing. I'm curious if we take an intermediate-term view, how should investors over the next several years think about the balance of accelerating the growth from Optical, Environmental, Life Sciences, et cetera, which I believe are margin dilutive relative to a display business, which should decline as a percentage of revenues. So, I guess, is it reasonable to think that gross margin is relatively sticky around current levels, while op margin could see some pressure in the near-term from both mix and investments but then an eventual expansion from scale?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. I think the issue always is with our gross margin is, to your point, it really is a mix of our different businesses. And how they are going to grow and contribute is hard to know. For certainty we see a lot of growth that's going on right now in Optical Communications, a lot of that growth. And you're right that's a little bit below the corporate average. On the other hand, Specialty Materials is above the corporate average. The way that we always look at it is how is each of those businesses performing relative to their competition. Are they the low-cost producer? Are they doing better than the competition? And that's clearly what's happening. I think from a near-term standpoint, still our gross margin was 42%, a little bit less than it was in Q2, but our cost, that's really driven by our cost in display being up slightly sequentially. They were down on a year-over-year basis. That was a combination of the startup of our Gen 10.5 factory. And then, as I mentioned, we're running a handful of tanks outside of our optimal range for the quarter. But I think it's important to note that even though our gross margin percent was impacted, because we got more sales in Display and Gorilla than we expected, we did make more money. So while it was a little bit less on the percentage, it was better on the bottom line, and that's of course what we always consider to be the most important thing.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: I think as we think about gross margin long term, if that's your core question, because I think in the medium term or in the near term I think Tony is right on that, a) what we're trying to do is just make more money for our shareholders and we pay a lot more attention to that and to win in all the various markets, and so then that becomes really a mix question. But as you think longer term, our businesses that are capital intense, we're going to generate extremely high gross margins on. And some of the businesses we talk about mix being a little bit of less gross margin percent in, right, like Opto (46:09), tend to be a lot more capital light. And so what's really driving us is how do we generate that really powerful return on invested capital to the capital that we deploy. And in certain businesses, where to generate that, the gross margin percent must be very, very high, right? And then, for other business that are relatively asset-light, we will tend to have a little less gross margin percent, right, but a lot fast returns. And so as we work our way through that, I think as you think long-term about the business, we're still going to be pretty capital-intense. So you should expect us to have pretty sticky gross margins sort of in this very high level relative to other companies. That in combination with being the lowest cost producer in the world, certainly helps.
Patrick Michael Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Appreciate the details. Good luck in the quarter.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Wendell, Tony, you've done a great job at capital return here and you addressed sort of you're two-thirds of the way already to your $12.5 billion-plus target. Can you maybe address what sort of levers you have to drive that $12.5 billion higher over the next couple of years? Is it capital? Is there business strength that's going to drive that? Do you think that there is potentially other portfolio changes that are in the works? And then I have a follow-up.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: I think it really comes down to something pretty straightforward, Wamsi, which is that in Tony's answer, we said greater than $12.5 billion to start when we put this together. And, really, it just comes down to the cash generation, which we are right on target for. So if we continue to be right on target for cash generation, you can expect it to be above $12.5 billion, right, and we think we can get done what we need to get done to be able to drive growth over the next decade with our $10 billion. So that's a good way to think about it if you want to think about it analytically. At such time as we're ready to be able to discuss openly a decision to get a little more specific rather than greater than $12.5 billion, we'll be sure to get back to you. This, of course, is something we have to work through with our board of directors, and I wouldn't expect an announcement relatively rapidly. We're only part of the way through this, but this is something that is always top of mind with us and you can expect us to give it really crisp and due consideration.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, Wendell. Appreciate the color there. And as my follow-up, in Gorilla historically, the supply chain has been quite long and ramps to support new product introductions have happened earlier in the year. Clearly, you guys are seeing some significant uptick. You're running tanks at lower-than-expected utilization rates, or maybe sub-optimally, not utilization rates. But that would suggest sort of a tighter correlation to product launch timing versus what you're seeing in your Gorilla business. So I'm wondering, has something really changed in the Gorilla supply chain that is causing the ramp to happen at a later point, or is it just that the volumes that you see maybe further out are quite significant and so the upside that you're seeing now is addressing sort of future volume pick-up but the supply chain has not really changed? Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: I think that's a really astute question. I think we don't have enough data yet to be able to reach a high-confidence conclusion. Very sound question, though. Working on the mobile consumer electronics supply chain, understanding and clarity and correlation between our shipments and new product launches is something that occupies a good amount of our analytics time. But at this point in time, we just don't have enough data to reach a high-confidence call. But great question.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Wendell.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions for me. First off, when you think about the investments that you've highlighted that maybe are putting a little bit of a downtick on gross margins, can you talk about like where you would see maybe a peak level of investments relative to revenue starting to ramp and absorb some of those investments, and maybe excluding the Gorilla Glass seasonality from that? And then secondly, Wendell, you did mention some more momentum around Gorilla Glass for automotive applications. Is there anything specifically you're thinking about there or is it similar to the progress you talked about at the meeting in June? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: So let me take the investment question first. Clearly, we've been investing more as the year has gone on this year and we always factor that into our guidance both on gross margin and SG&A and OpEx. And so we invested a little bit more in Q3 than we did in Q2. Investments in Q4 are pretty similar to what we did in Q3, maybe a little bit more. The good news is, is that, so is the sales growth that's happening there. What you've got is that we're really focused in three primary areas from an investment standpoint. That's our Optical Communications map, that's our mobile consumer electronics map, that's our automotive map. And if you think back to the areas where we've seen the growth, those are the three areas that we're growing. So we feel pretty good about the alignment between the investments and when the growth is happening, especially in the near-term. Thanks. And just the question on Gorilla Glass for auto?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. We're seeing really nice momentum. Now that being said, this is an industry that moves at a very deliberate pace. So we tend not to try to get overly excited, because you win today for revenue that's in the farther future. But we're feeling really good. And it's interesting, in any innovation that is pretty disruptive like this one is, then what you tend to try to do is you'll get positive surprises and negative surprises; and when you get the positive surprises, you start to double down on them. I'd say we're getting some really nice positive surprises right now in automotive interiors. People's vision for what they want to do in the interior of vehicles is quite stirring and is driving them very much into the arms of our material set and our co-innovation approach. So we're actually – been investing an awful lot of time and attention into that, and we're getting really, really nice pull. So I think that's what you're sort of sensing is the exteriors is going about how we would anticipate with the normal deliberate pacing and we're getting really nice positive surprises that we're doubling down on in interiors. And what's interesting is the type of innovations that they want, a very high revenue generation want because of the value add they want from us around optics, around shape. So that revenue opportunity is looking very attractive right now.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Good luck going forward.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Notter from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. I guess I wanted to ask about the Optical business. As I go back to the end of Q2, I felt like you guys hesitated a bit in terms of the full year guidance for Optical, and I think part of the narrative was just around timing of certain customer projects. Can you talk about what's changed now versus how you saw things coming out of Q2? Is it just a customer project or two? Is it the Verizon One project? Or is it something more broad-based you're seeing in the industry that's really helping that business? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: I'm not so sure there's been a tremendous amount of change since the end of Q2. I think what we were trying to communicate in Q2, which we didn't do a good job of because a lot of people thought it was a hesitation. It was just the lumpiness that happens in this business. And going on a forward basis, there will be a time when this is just going to show up. We just wanted to remind the investors of that. We didn't mean to imply that we thought that was going to show up in Q3 or in Q4 and that's clearly what some investors interpreted it as. And so from an underlying standpoint, as Wendell said, we've seen strength in carriers, we see strength in the enterprise business, and from an overall standpoint, we think we're going to be up more than 15%. So we feel very good about Optical Communications.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And then just one last follow-up. I'd love to ask you about the FX rate. Certainly constant currency, I think you guys are talking about adjusting that rate going into 2018. Can you kind of remind us where you are in that process and when you might address that? I assume you would address it for both the constant currency won as well as the yen. Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. That is correct. I mean as we stand right now, we have about 70% of our yen exposure from 2016 to 2022 hedged, and the blended rate of that hedge is about 1.06% (56:44). We're obviously fully hedged in 2017 and we're actually pretty high percentage hedged in 2018 and 2019, the near-term years where we have more confidence in those results. And what we plan to do in the January call is talk about a new core rate. The core rate today is 99% (57:06). We'll make an adjustment and when we make that adjustment, we'll go back and recast 2016 and 2017 so it will be easy to make comparisons between based on where the core rate adjustment is and so it'll be easy to understand what our underlying business performance is.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question...
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Sorry. We've got time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Rob Cihra from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. I'll sneak in just a quick one. In Optical, carrier has been the driver, continues to look like the driver, but enterprise has been choppy. It looks like it actually may be stabilized a bit after being choppier the last few quarters. I mean, are there any trends you're seeing there? Do you think from here, I mean, looking better or worse I guess in enterprise and data center versus the last few quarters? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So I think it is quite accurate to make the observation that we're having a lot of strength in carrier and that in enterprise and cloud, the predictability and consistency of that has been a little bit less than carrier. That being said, even though the total actual pacing of how that whole market works can be a little more difficult to predict. One of the reasons you see what you see in our numbers is growing adoption of more and more of our product set and more and more cloud-based providers. So I don't know that you can necessarily look at our revenue alone and then conclude what exactly is going on in the total market because you're having a combination of yes, some wind in the total but also we're getting up some more sale area, so people are liking, our customers are liking our product set more and more across a wider footprint, if that make sense to you, sir.
Robert Cihra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Great. Wendell, you have any closing comments that you'd like to make for us?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Well, first of all, let me thank everyone for joining us today and let me reiterate how pleased we are with our continued positive momentum. Our focus is on closing out 2017 strong and then keeping that momentum headed into next year. As we've said, we're on track to deliver the overall goals of our strategy and capital allocation framework and we're excited about the rich set of opportunities ahead of us. And we look forward to staying in touch.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Great. I want to thank you too for joining us today and before we close let you know that we will be meeting with investors at the Credit Suisse conference in late November and then a web replay of today's call will be available on our site for one year starting later this morning. There's also a telephone replay available for the next two weeks with details in today's news release. Once again, thank you for joining us. Greg, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc. Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc. R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.
Analysts: Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Two 2017 Earnings Results. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Cynthia, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at Corning.com. Slides are being shown live on our webcast to accompany our formal comments, and we encourage you to follow along. It will also be available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. This morning we reported second quarter results that exceeded our expectations. Sales were up 6% and EPS was up 14% over last year, with strong sales growth continuing in Optical Communications and Specialty Materials. Our Display business performed in line with our expectations, including price declines that continued to moderate. We remain on track to deliver our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework goals due to strong operating results and solid progress on innovation. We believe that the strategic and financial benefits of our Framework are becoming even more apparent during its second year. The Framework outlines our leadership priorities and is designed to create significant value for shareholders by focusing our portfolio and leveraging our financial strength. As we have discussed, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019. We plan to return more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends, and we will invest $10 billion to sustain our leadership and deliver growth. We have made great progress against those goals. Since October of 2015, our cash generation is on target and we have returned $7.4 billion in share repurchases and dividends. Through our repurchases, we have reduced our outstanding shares by approximately 26%. We increased the dividend 14.8% in February and 12.5% last year, for a combined increase of 29%. We expect to increase the dividend by at least 10% in 2018 and in 2019. In addition to articulating our capital allocation goals, our Framework outlines how we have and will continue to utilize our focused and cohesive portfolio to generate value for our shareholders and to delight our customers. We are best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities that use capabilities in at least two of these three categories. We are investing in research and development, capital expansion and acquisitions to advance our innovation initiatives, strengthen our product leadership and low cost positions, and ultimately outperform our competitors. By pursuing our focused strategy, we believe our likelihood of success increases, our cost of innovation decreases, and we create higher and more sustainable competitive barriers. Our focus in leadership also attract some of the world's leading companies to collaborate with Corning because they know how our expertise and unique combination of capabilities can help address some of their toughest challenges. During the first quarter earnings call in April, I discussed how our joint announcement with Verizon illustrates the power of our Optical Communications market access platform. Verizon's commitment to our optical solutions is one outcome of the deep dialogue we are having with major telecom players across the globe. They are anticipating transformations in communications, education, healthcare, transportation and eventually the way we all live, and they are turning to Corning for our unique co-innovation approach. Since then, Apple joined us to announce its $200 million investment in our advance glass manufacturing capabilities in Harrodsburg, Kentucky. Apple's commitment for future innovations illustrates the leadership of our mobile consumer electronics platform. Today, I would like to focus on how our cohesive set of capabilities is attracting leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies to seek our help to transform pharmaceutical packaging. We work closely with our development partners who are also long-standing customers of our life science vessels platform. As a senior scientist at one of these partners remarked, Corning took a macroscopic set of problems, followed them to their root cause, dissected each cause to its science and rebuilt a solution at the molecular level on up to create a totally redesigned pharmaceutical package. This remarkable product, Corning Valor Glass packaging dramatically reduces particle contamination, breaks and cracks, while significantly increasing throughput. As a result, Valor helps protect patients and improve pharmaceutical manufacturing. In March of 2011, the FDA issued an advisory on glass lamellae or the tiny flakes of glass that can be shed from the inside of the container, contaminating the product. This is just one of the many issues Valor addresses. Consequently, there is significant excitement in the industry. Now, our customers' endorsements are far more powerful than my words. When announcing Valor at the White House last week, Merck's CEO, Ken Frazier, said biologic medicines and vaccines remain on the leading edge of scientific innovation, and Valor Glass represents a similar advancement in materials science, a glass that is purpose-built for medicines and vaccines. Merck plans to convert several injectable products to this exceptional new glass packaging solution, pending appropriate regulatory approvals. And Pfizer's CEO, Ian Read, stated we believe that our collaboration with Corning is a game-changer. The glass industry represents about $4 billion in expenditures for the pharmaceutical industry. But subsequent issues, potential shards or breakages require strong quality control to ensure that it doesn't get through to patients. The subsequent costs are multiples of the glass cost, to ensure that we deliver a high-quality product to patients. So Valor is a major innovation, a major way that we can be more competitive. This strong pull from our customers led us to announce an initial investment of $0.5 billion. Total investments over time could reach $4 billion, in sync with global demand and customer commitments for additional sales. Planned investments are included in our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework. We ultimately expect about $1 of annual sales for every $1 of investment and profitability that exceeds our corporate average. Now, you've heard me say before that the timing and revenues of disruptive innovation are difficult to predict. This is especially true in highly regulated industries, such as drug packaging. The good news is that the regulatory environment derisks our investment by providing clear advance notice of demand and by creating stable sales that recur over many, many years. In sum, we are extremely excited about this opportunity. You can watch for customer and regulatory announcements as proof points to mark our progress. Valor also provides a powerful example of what happens when our focused and cohesive portfolio meets a customer opportunity. We started out with major customers from our life science vessels platform. We reapplied our expertise in glass science, optical physics, vapor deposition, precision forming and extrusion to develop a breakthrough product that we believe has the potential to power Corning's growth for the next decade and beyond. Stepping back, the announcements with Verizon, Apple, Merck and Pfizer show how global leaders are attracted to participate deeply in our ecosystem, and inviting us to participate in theirs. We think this indicates that we're on the right track and bodes well for our future growth. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and details on our outlook for 2017.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. As we noted in today's release, our second quarter core results reflect strong year-over-year improvement that exceeded what we expected, and we are very pleased with our operating performance. We remain on track to deliver both the full-year business objectives that we laid out in January, and our overall framework goals. Now before I get into the details of our performance and results, I want to address GAAP and its impact on our hedge contract accounting. GAAP accounting requires our earnings translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be marked to market and recorded at their current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. During the second quarter, the yen weakened, increasing the value of our hedge contracts. This resulted in an after-tax GAAP gain of $94 million when we marked the contracts to market as required by GAAP. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. We remain very pleased with the results of our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. Since its inception, we have received cash totaling $1.5 billion under our hedge contracts. These proceeds offset much of the yen-related fluctuations in Display's earnings. Hedging our earnings and cash flows through 2022 substantially mitigates risk from a weakening yen. For investors who have additional questions on the mechanics of these contracts, please refer to the tutorial on FX hedge accounting on the Digital Media Disclosures section of our Investor Relations website. And as always, Ann and her team are available after the call. Also as a reminder, last year's GAAP net income included a $2.7 billion non-taxable gain on the strategic realignment of our ownership interest in Dow Corning. Now, let's turn to the core results. Second quarter sales rose 6% year-over-year. Core earnings were $431 million, consistent year-over-year. On an apples-to-apples comparison that excludes silicones' equity earnings from the second quarter of 2016, core earnings grew 12% year-over-year. Second quarter EPS was $0.42, up 14%. Second quarter sales reflected strong growth in Optical Communications on healthy demand in the fiber-to-the-home market. Strong growth in Specialty Materials with continued strength in Gorilla Glass volume and LCD glass volume growth with continued moderate pricing declines. Gross margin of 42.4% was in line with our expectations and consistent with Q1. SG&A was 14% of sales at $358 million, and RD&E was 8% of sales at $207 million. Total gross equity earnings were $38 million, largely from Hemlock Semiconductors, which exceeded expectations predominantly because of the timing of Hemlock sales between the second and third quarter. We are changing our view that full year gross equity earnings should be about $150 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 18%. Turning briefly to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $4.2 billion of cash, approximately 25% of which is in the U.S. Adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was $479 million and keeps us on track to meet the goals of our four-year capital allocation plan. Now let's look at the detailed segment results and outlook, beginning with Display Technologies. The second quarter display market and our results met expectations. Sales were $841 million and core earnings were $240 million. Volume and pricing were in line with expectations. The glass market and our volume were up low-single digit sequentially. Sequential LCD glass price declined moderately. And as we expected, the decline in this quarter was substantially less than the first quarter. We continue to expect that the full-year 2017 retail market, as measured in square feet of glass, will be up mid-single digits, driven by demand for larger screen size TVs. For the year, we expect our glass demand will be up mid-single digits, in line with the overall market. We continue to see progress towards a more moderate pricing environment. Our price declines in 2015 were smaller than in 2014, and in 2016, they were smaller still. We expect this pattern to continue with our glass prices declining 10% or less this year. Now, three factors drive our view of the more favorable pricing. First, global glass supply and demand remain balanced. We are successfully aligning our capacity to our demand. Publicly available information indicates competitors are doing the same. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, LCD glass manufacturing requires ongoing investments in current and new capacity. To generate acceptable returns on new investments, glass pricing will need to moderate even further. For the third quarter, we expect the LCD glass market and Corning volume to be up low-single digits. Sequential price declines should be moderate and similar to the second quarter sequential declines. Looking into the supply chain, panel makers and total supply chain inventories expanded slightly at the end of Q2 as we expected. Total supply chain inventory should continue to expand in Q3 in preparation for a seasonally-strong fourth quarter retail demand, which we anticipate will then draw inventory down. Year-end inventory will depend on Q4 sell-through and we continue to expect total supply chain inventory at the end of 2017 will be in a healthy range. In summary, we remain very pleased with the current dynamics in our Display business and our progress in stabilizing returns. Let's move to Optical Communications where the second quarter results were strong, with sales up 13% and core earnings up 26%. The growth was primarily driven by the North America fiber-to-the-home market. Throughout this year, we have been saying we expect low-teen sales growth for 2017. In line with this, we expect third quarter sales to be up more than 10%. Now, given the strong momentum in the first half, Optical sales have the potential to be up mid-teens for the full year like many sell-side analysts are modeling. That said, we are always cautious about our guidance to you because sales are driven by large civil works projects that are subject to delays that can lead to quarterly volatility. This introduces a measure of conservatism and leads to our guidance. The good news is, we continue to see major carriers shifting more spending towards optical solutions. This is a long-term positive for Corning and transcends fluctuations in individual quarters. This is an exciting time for our Optical business. Overall, we expect to grow significantly faster than the optical markets we serve, and we enable next – as we enable next-generation networks and our customers benefit from our unique set of capability. We are on track to achieve our goal for Optical Communications of $5 billion in annual sales by 2020. Now, while the vast majority of this growth is expected to come from organic initiatives, we also plan to acquire or gain strategic advantages by strengthening our portfolio or increasing our market access. We are excited about last week's announcements that we acquired SpiderCloud which will help us accelerate the deployment of fiber inside buildings. Turning to our Environmental business, second quarter sales were $263 million, up slightly year-over-year. Core earnings were $32 million, down year-over-year due to investments for the development and introduction of our new gas particulate filter. Second quarter year-over-year automotive sales rose on worldwide growth in the automotive market and additional business wins that allow us to grow faster than the market. In addition, the North America heavy-duty diesel market appears to be stabilizing. Our total diesel sales were flat sequentially. As we previously noted, we're leveraging our position in mobile emissions controls by building a significant new business for gas particulate filters, or GPFs. Evidence strongly suggest that having a GPF is the most effective way for automakers to meet new environmental regulations in Europe and China. We continue to win the majority of platforms and have agreements for more than 50 models from 20 automakers, with new wins in the past month and more to come. Our GPF platform wins require select capacity and engineering investments. In the near term, you will see both cost on the P&L and capital expenditures. We will see our first commercial sales in the third quarter. We're excited because our sales per vehicle increased by a factor of 3 times to 4 times, with profitability similar to our current Environmental business. Once regulations are fully implemented in Europe and China in the early 2020s, we estimate this opportunity will exceed $0.5 billion for Corning. In total, for the third quarter, we expect low-single digit sales growth. For 2017 overall, we expect sales to be consistent to up slightly from 2016. Let's move to Specialty Materials where our goal is to double sales for mobile consumer electronics despite maturing smartphone unit growth. Second quarter sales rose 27% over last year and core earnings were up 21% year-over-year, both ahead of our expectations, driven by stronger Gorilla Glass shipments to support new product launches. We had record shipments of Gorilla Glass and expect strong demand to continue for the remainder of the year. Now, we made progress on all three of our approaches to grow sales. In particular, we again saw the benefit of Gorilla Glass 5 which leads the market for drop performance and is now on 22 devices. Also, we continue to see strong adoption of Gorilla Glass on devices being introduced in developing markets, with brands such as Micromax of India. We also had growth on other major programs to increase sales per device. Overall, our growth prospects remain strong in mobile consumer electronics. Our innovative products provide added value for consumers, particularly in terms of durability and create new opportunities for us to increase sales. We expect sales growth in the third quarter to be up in the low to mid-teens year-over-year. Exactly how much growth we will see for the full year continues to be dependent on the timing and extent of customers deploying Gorilla Glass 5 and other Corning innovations. Through the first half, sales are up 29%, so we are clearly pleased with the adoption so far this year. In Life Sciences, second quarter sales were $221 million and core earnings were $19 million. For the full year 2017 and the third quarter, we continue to expect low-single digit sales growth year-over-year. Also, we've had a number of investors ask if our new pharmaceutical packaging business will be included with the Life Sciences business in our financial results or remain in our Other reporting segment. For now, it will remain in Other along with other new product line in development projects. We group our emerging opportunities in Other to better manage their goals and objectives independent from a fully commercialized business. Shifting to the full company P&L, for the third quarter, we expect our gross margin as a percent of sales to remain in line with the first half of this year at about 42.5%. SG&A and RD&E spending should be approximately 14% and 8% of sales, respectively. We expect other income, other expense to be a net expense of approximately $25 million to $35 million. Third quarter total gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $10 million to $20 million due to the timing of Hemlock's Q2 earnings that I mentioned earlier. We continue to believe full year gross equity earnings will be approximately $150 million, predominantly from Hemlock. And we expect our effective tax rate for the third quarter and full year 2017 to be approximately 18%, and CapEx for the year to be approximately $1.5 billion. Finally, let me update you on our plan to return at least $12.5 billion to shareholders under our framework. Through the end of the second quarter, we have returned $7.4 billion. In the second quarter, we returned $780 million, bringing the year-to-date total to $1.3 billion. As you may recall, in February, the board increased the cash dividends per share by 14.8%. Let me close by saying that we are very pleased with our continued positive momentum. We remain on track to deliver our 2017 objectives and the overall goals of our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework. We feel very good about the rich set of opportunities ahead of us. With that, let's move to Q&A.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thanks, Tony. Cynthia, you can start the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from the line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Your line is open.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. A question on the partnerships that you were describing. With the Apple one, it seems like there was an investment from the company of $200 million. It wasn't clear to me from the Life Sciences whether Merck and Pfizer contributed to this initial work or if that was all current Corning dollars? And I'm just wondering how that progresses. And then you also mentioned we should be watching with that $1 in sales per $1 of investment milestones about announcements. But I expect that those are not going to come for a couple of years. Is there anything else we should be looking at in terms of a decision-making process in terms of milestones for the incremental opportunity? And then finally, just to add on to this long question, is this opportunity even bigger than the Gorilla Glass for auto, internal and external?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Joseph. Let's try to take them in order. The development partners did contribute to some of the development expense that is related to creation of this product. This is a significant development effort for us and a significant development effort for them. So they were a critical part of getting us to the announcement the other day. That being said, their major contribution is to adopt our product over time across their product lines. As you noted, with something as significant as new pharmaceutical packaging, what the pharmaceutical companies need to do is, because it's existing marketed product already, is take and show that new product in the new package to the FDA. And when they do that, it's got to be already based on them having done stability testing, machine ability and a number of things. This means it will take a while for the revenue of this business to ramp. That being said, there are actually a number of other milestones you'll be able to see. You will be able to see some of the FDA submissions as they go in. You will hear from other customers as they take our product for different ones of their products. So I think we're going to be able to really clearly set out a map for you. And as we start to build out this business, it will become pretty clear sort of how large a breakout it will become. I think your last question, which was dealing with how large is this opportunity, and you used as an example comparing to our Gorilla Glass for automotive. I think there is no question that the size of this opportunity is larger. The key here is how much of a breakout does it become. If truly this product picks up very strong regulatory support and we also, if our data that we've gathered so far with our development partners holds true on its tremendous benefits, patients, as well as increased throughput for pharmaceutical companies, this is going to be a very, very large business. It is going to grow for decades, and that's why we've been pursuing it so strongly. But that being said, last week was our breakthrough moment. We have a lot of work ahead of us for it to turn into the size of breakout that I just described.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Just one quick follow-on, and, Tony, you talked about this a little bit. But if we look at the strong performance in Gorilla Glass, and you look at the guidance for the rest of the year and even into 2018, can you give us any more color on what the SKU is in terms of that growth? Whether it's the units which seem kind of to be kind of flat? Is it just pricing being stronger on the Gorilla Glass 5? Or is it the more glass per phone option in that?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Well, certainly the more glass per phone is pretty significant, and as you know, we talked about in the last quarter several devices that have put glass on the back of a phone, including the Samsung Galaxy X8 (sic) [S8]. And so that is a significant part of the growth that we have year-over-year. Now the adoption of the Gorilla Glass 5 is also a significant part because as we've talked in the past, that creates real value for our customers and we're able to charge a higher price for that. So it's a combination of all these items. The overall underlying market, as we said, is relatively flat and consistent, and our ability to grow really has to do with our innovations.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question for me, recently there's been sort of a blip-down in LCD panel prices for large sizes. And I know, Tony, you just mentioned that you're pretty comfortable with where inventories are right now. I was wondering if you could just sort of react to that near-term trend and what you make of it and what you think the risks are relative to the outlook you've provided just for LCD glass. And then I had a follow-up.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Sure. It's true that panel prices have started to decline on a sequential basis in the last quarter. They're still really close to record highs. I think it's important to remember they've risen significantly every quarter since Q2 of 2016. And this has resulted in both record panel maker profitability and we believe that prices have room to move down to more sustainable levels. So this should enable lower set prices to stimulate some second half demand. I think it's important from a supply chain standpoint to remember that in 2017, panel maker capacity does not grow significantly. So our panel makers have to run at high utilizations to build inventory for Q4 selling season, and we saw that happen in Q2 just as we expected, and in Q3 set maker demand is strong and set makers will be building inventory for that seasonally strong Q4 demand, and we anticipate that's going to draw down inventory. So when we look at this from an overall standpoint, we think the 2017 is going to end in a healthy range.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Wendell, I was wondering, you mentioned the AT&T (sic) [Verizon] agreement is probably not going to be unique within the industry. I'm sure you can't talk about specific timing, but I'm wondering if there's any other near-term drivers that maybe could lead to other announcements, say, before the end of the year? Or are we thinking this is more something to watch out for – as you get into next year and year after? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, I believe when you say AT&T, you mean Verizon.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Oh, I'm sorry, Verizon.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: That's no problem. So, the Verizon agreement is not unique among the deep conversations we are having around the globe with telecom players. Whether or not we will announce those or not deals more with our customers' preference. In Verizon's case, they felt that it was so strategic to their densification plans; they wanted to do it for their own purposes. And for us, we put our customers' needs first. Some will probably want to be public, some will probably not want to be public, and that's how we'll make a decision around announcements.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just very quickly, the Optical profits are growing faster than the sales in the most recent quarter. I was wondering if you could just explain why that dynamic happened most recently. Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Sure. I mean, I think that from a leverage standpoint, an awful lot of fixed costs that are in the Optical business, actually in all of our businesses, so generally speaking, you'd expect over time for our profits to grow faster than sales in any of our business segments. The exception being in the Display business where we're looking for stability. And we certainly saw that in the second quarter in Optical Communications. It's important to realize that while that's happening, we're also investing a lot. We're investing in particular in some of the expansions that we've talked about to keep up with demand. So – but from an overall standpoint, I think it's safe to assume that in the Optical business, in most quarters, we'll see profits grow faster than sales.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess I wanted to open up with just a tax question in light of the Valor announcement and the administration backing for that. I wonder, Wendell, could you just maybe give us an update on your thinking on tax reform generally just kind of how that's moving along in timing? And are there going to be disproportionate advantages for people that build manufacturing onshore here? And then I have a follow-up.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: As to tax reform, I think it's easy to be confident long term that the current tax policy of the United States is not stable over time, that it leads to things that are not good for our economy or jobs, and that ultimately that's going to get fixed. And I think that's – that I feel quite confident about. What I am much less confident about is how the political math works in any given year. So I think calling timing on that one is above my pay grade. I do believe that there are significant advantages to be gained by manufacturing where your customers are. And that is the core of our investment philosophy. We believe we can serve our customers better, we believe that serves the communities better, and we believe it's part of being a good citizen and a spectacular competitor. And so that tends to guide our philosophy, and that's what all these various announcements you've been seeing recently really deal with about us. Valor Glass is aimed at the pharmaceutical industry. The U.S. is the powerhouse of biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturing, and we believe this is the right place to put it.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I wanted to – my follow-up, I just wanted to come back to Tony on Display. Samsung has recently cut their expectations for demand later in the year. I know your commentary suggests that things are relatively on track. But I wonder if you could just talk about what you think is happening with end-market demand right now. Are we just seeing some temporal weakness and as we move into the back end of the year, you feel that demand will be relatively normal? Or any other color you can give us on what you guys are seeing on end market demand would be helpful. Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah, sure. I mean, I think that if you look at the data from January to May, it does show the TV viewing area, some weakness in China and Western Europe, while all the other regions are up on a year-over-year basis. But I think what's important to remember about this is, retail demand is clearly back-end loaded, and we're just now entering the significant selling season. So it's hard to draw a conclusion based on the first five months' worth of data. Second thing I'd remind you is, is that what really drives the growth of our business is the size of TVs. And we said that TVs would grow more than an inch-and-a-half, and all the data in the first five months confirms that, we feel very confident about that.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jess Lubert with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning. I have two questions. First, for Wendell, I was hoping you could comment on the breadth of strength you're seeing in the U.S. optical market; how much is coming from the Tier 1 telcos like Verizon, how much is coming from cable or other verticals? And then perhaps you can help us understand what you're seeing internationally, and are you seeing any improvement there that could become an optical tailwind later this year or next? And then for, Tony, I was hoping you could comment on the gross and operating margin trajectory. Both were down sequentially relative to Q1. It seems like you're expecting similar trends during Q3. So I guess I was hoping you can help us understand if you believe these are the margin levels we should be thinking about over time, or do you still see the potential to drive some margin improvement.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So in Optical – I think that's a really excellent question. First, note that our growth is really strongly driven by our organic innovations. And second is that exact timing of when those are being pulled into these major network builds can be quite challenging to call accurately. That being said, you are right to note that you're seeing the major telecom players are driving a hunk of our growth at this point in time. That being said, we are seeing the same type of momentum being built in our dialogues really across the spectrum of our Communications business. And this, together with the growth that we are also seeing in the cloud-based optical systems and around the world, is what is leading us to believe that though any given quarter could come out different ways. There is the potential here for a building wave of demand in our Optical Communications business largely because as fiber pushes closer and closer and deeper and deeper in the network, right, what happens is the amount of demand for our particular type product goes up significantly. And so that's what we're feeling around the world. But like I say, these are major programs, and calling exact timing can be quite challenging. But I think we're seeing at least the basis of a long-term secular momentum building for our tech.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: And from a margin standpoint, I mean, we were happy with our margin performance in the second quarter. Gross margin was doing 42.4%, very consistent with where we were in Q1, which I think was 42.3%, and we expect the rest of the year to be in the 42.5% range. But I think it's important to remember, and I mentioned it a little bit when I was answering the Optical question, is that we are beginning to invest in a number of growth areas that we've talked about, and that increases spending slightly. It increases it in the cost of goods sold, it increases it in S&A and RD&E, not above any of the percentages – normal ranges we've given you, 14% in SG&A, 8% in RD&E, gross margins in the 42% to 43% range. But you do see some of that that's occurring in our businesses. So we don't see anything unusual about that, and we're actually quite pleased with where we are.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel. Your line is open.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Wendell and Tony. I guess first question is on your Other Sales. They seem to have broken out sequentially and year-over-year. I'm curious if you could help us understand what is driving this, perhaps commenting on auto trends or whether Valor Glass trials are driving some incremental revenue. And could you also remind us what businesses or products are embedded in Other Sales?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Sure. We have a lot of our development programs are in our Other Sales. It includes the business that we acquired a couple years ago from Gerresheimer that's part of our some pharmaceutical packaging technology business and it includes a variety of other programs that we have in there. And I wouldn't say that those specific trends are a reflection of anything specifically that's going on. The proof points you ought to look at are the ones we've talked about in each of these programs.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And auto is in this bucket as well. Correct?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. Auto is in this bucket as well.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, Wendell, you talked about Valor Glass having a uphill climb for regulatory purposes and making timing of adoption difficult to predict. And I guess just given that backdrop, is there any long-term timeframe that you could provide to us to help us understand the potential timing of when Valor Glass could become a meaningful impact to your P&L? And then on the profitability side of Valor, I think with your purchase of Gerresheimer's glass tubing operations, you did form an equity venture that's about 75% owned by Corning. So does this mean that Gerresheimer's going to receive 25% of future Valor business profit?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So let's handle both questions. Let's start with the timing one. I think it's a little early for us to be able to give a good idea on what the ramp is going to look like next year. We'll start to see the submissions go into the FDA and we'll begin to get a feeling for what type of regulatory process they want to bring it through and how accelerated they want to make the adoption of Valor if they choose a highly accelerated rate, then we're going to move much more quickly towards breakout, right. If they choose a more typical conservative rate, then it's going to move a little slower towards breakout. I think the beauty of this particular business is though the regulatory nature of it can make adoption a little slower, it makes it way more certain that allows us to put the – we can put capacity up faster than a particular cycle of adoption of regulatory approval. So it derisks our investment very significantly. And then second, once you win that, it's forever business. So we like it. It can be a little frustrating in the early stages, but long term, I think it builds the type of very robust business that, assuming we have a breakout here, we are just going to be delighted with over the next decade and beyond. And then the Gerresheimer question, so the Gerresheimer piece, yes, we acquired their glass tubing business as we explained at the time, when they've got a early look at what it was Valor was. They understood what it is they were looking at, and decided to have us become the glassmaker for tubing. And it allowed us to get a lower cost platform for us to do what we just announced. One of the expansions we have is to build a new glass manufacturing line there and that helps us on our cost structure. As to the go-to-market for the actual vials and cartridges, that is all still in development. You would have seen an announcement from Gerresheimer and from Stevanato just the other day saying how delighted they are to be cooperating with us on this. How we actually end up resolving that go-to-market, what goes through venture, what goes to 100% us, what's pieces of the value chain are carried where, I think that's all ahead of us. Our first hunks of investment that we just announced, they're flowing through 100% owned a play and we'll see how it develops over time. It's all going to be about the best way to serve our customers and the best way to create value for our shareholders.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you for taking my questions. Good luck.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Just a bigger picture question here on 5G, like to hear your thoughts there and how you see it impacting your Optical Fiber business heading into next year. Do you see mostly tactical opportunities next year like fiber updates to small cells, or you foresee a bigger, broader fiber build-out opportunity kind of kicking in as 5G starts to unravel at big service providers like Verizon, AT&T, et cetera? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: It's a great question. We view 5G as having the potential to be an extremely significant demand driver for our product. If truly 5G as it is defined by the industry becomes the standard way to do wireless connectivity, then we are looking at a very significant secular driver for our product, perhaps one of the more significant that we have seen in our long and storied history in this business. It is still too early to make a call on what exact architectures will be used to deploy this tech. If Verizon's view, with the right technology to deploy, the right architecture to deploy, is correct, this is a huge opportunity. So we'll have to see as our own work progresses, as our deep engagement with other customers progresses, how will the architectures evolve? But there's just no question that it is a positive momentum driver for us. The only question is the size, scale and timing of that momentum. As we get better acuity, we will make sure that we share it with you because of its significant importance to our shareholders.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay. Cynthia, we have time for a couple more questions.
Operator: Okay. The next question will be from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I have one regarding margins. When I look at the Display group, revenues were fairly flat, but the net income margin was down. And also with Specialty Materials relative to Q4 of last year, revenues were kind of flat, but net income margin was down there as well. I just want to better understand the dynamics and how we should think about given what has happened with a specific segment net margin over the past couple of quarters, and I have a follow-up.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah, Mehdi, on the Display, in Q1, we received a technology payment that didn't repeat itself in Q2, and that's the whole difference between the two. Otherwise, given where price and volume was on a sequential basis, income was flat. And in terms of Specialty Materials in the second quarter, we had a lot of ramp-up costs for new production that happened in the second quarter that didn't happen in the fourth quarter of last year.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. Got it. And as a follow-up to Specialty Materials, it seems to me that there was some kind of a pull in, in revenues, and some of the handset OEMs are introducing their new product later in the year. And in that context, how should we think about; A, the volume shipment; and B, the increased content? Is it going to be lumpy? Or the initial material push is done, and now we have to wait to see how demand is going to look like, which means there could be a spillover into Q1 of next year. Just trying to understand the dynamics of the specific part of the Specialty Materials.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah, for sure it's going to be lumpy. I mean, our Specialty Materials business has always been lumpy since we've gotten into the Gorilla Glass business, and we'd expect that to continue on a going-forward basis. We said in Q3 we think we'll be up low to mid-teens. Where we're going to end up for the full year, we're not sure because it depends on the adoption of the technologies, but there's no doubt that this will be lumpy as we go forward.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: But could there be a scenario where March quarter will be less seasonal if the new product introduction has a tailwind?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Sure.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Would it be a more than 50% probability?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: No, I'm not going to – I'm not going to handicap – I appreciate the question, but I'm – we're not going to talk about Q1.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Last question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Stanley Kovler with Citi Research. Your line is open.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks for squeezing me in. I'll be quick. I just wanted to ask a question about the use of cash and potential M&A. After SpiderCloud, it seems like you're continuing to make some small acquisitions, particularly in the Optical space. And kind of as we head into 5G, I just wanted to follow-up on the question about M&A. Should we expect to wait on more significant M&A as – Wendell, you talked about some architectural things that you still have to shake out in the industry before you can make bets on how to augment or add complementary technology to your Optical offerings? And I'll squeeze my follow-up in; it's just on free cash flow. How should we think about that going into the second half of the year and planning for next year as well? Thanks very much.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Why don't you start with free cash flow, and I'll handle 5G.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Okay. Sure. I think from a free cash flow standpoint, we've said our capital spending part of free cash flow will be about $1.5 billion. It could be on the heavier side of that, given all of the investments that we're making today, but somewhere in that neighborhood. And then in terms of operating cash flow, remember, the second half of the year is where we generate very strong operating cash flow. So it will certainly be stronger than it was in the first half of the year, and relatively consistent with what we did last year.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: And as to how do we see the role of acquisitions, what we currently perceive is that far and away, the bulk of our growth is going to be organically-driven and innovation-driven. That being said, we're in a very privileged position, have deep knowledge as we work with our customers on these architectures, really whether it's in the cloud, in buildings, or in 5G network densifications fiber-to-the-home. You can expect us to take advantage of that privileged position if we start to believe in a technology that can augment what we do and be driven through our market access platform. That's really the story of SpiderCloud. It was a small acquisition, right, but we really like the tech, and it has an opportunity for us to significantly increase demand for our fiber in the horizontal in buildings and run right through our market access platform. Expect us to continue to do that, but the bulk of our growth is all driven organically and about innovation. I hope that answers your question.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thanks, Stan. Wendell, closing comment?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: First, thank you to everyone for joining us today. I just want to close by reiterating how pleased we are with the continued positive momentum in both our financial results and against our Framework goals. Our focused and cohesive portfolio continues to produce milestones, and we're particularly excited to share our breakthrough moment with Valor. We look forward to staying in touch.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thanks, Wendell. Before we close, I just wanted to let everyone know that Investor Relations is going to be at the Jefferies Conference at the end of August, and we'll be meeting with investors at the Citi Conference in early September. A web replay of today's call will be available on our site for one year starting later this morning. There's also a telephone replay available for the next two weeks with details in today's news release. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Cynthia, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc. Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc. R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.
Analysts: Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Nicholas Rodney Hall - JPMorgan Securities Plc Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tejas Venkatesh - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter One 2017 Earnings Results. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Corning's first quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at Corning. Slides are being shown live on our webcast to accompany our formal comments, and we encourage you to follow along. It will also be available on our website for downloading. And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. In January, we told you that we expected the momentum we built over the course of 2016 to continue into 2017, and it has. This morning, we reported another excellent quarter. First quarter sales were up 14% over last year, with growth in all businesses. EPS was $0.39, up 39% year-over-year. For the second quarter, we expect to sustain our momentum with year-over-year sales and EPS growth once again. Tony will cover our financial performance and outlook in greater detail in a few minutes. Our strong operating results and solid progress on value-creation initiatives put us on track to deliver on our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework goals. The Framework outlines our leadership priorities and articulates the opportunities we see across our businesses. As we've shared with you, we've designed the Framework to create significant value for shareholders by focusing our portfolio and leveraging our financial strength. We think that the strategic and financial benefits of our Framework are becoming even more apparent as we enter its second year. As you know, under our Framework, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019, and plan to return more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We have made great progress against our goals. Since October 2015, we have returned more than $6.5 billion. Repurchases have reduced outstanding shares by approximately 24%. We increased the dividend 14.8% in February, and 12.5% last year. Additionally, the Framework calls for increasing the dividend by at least 10% in 2018 and 2019. Also, we plan to invest $10 billion to sustain our leadership and deliver growth over the long term. We are best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market-access platforms. We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities that use existing capabilities in at least two of these three categories. We are investing in research and development, capital expansion, and acquisitions to advance our innovation initiatives, strengthen our leadership in low-cost positions, and ultimately outperform our competitors. By pursuing our focused strategy, we believe that our likelihood of success increases, that our cost of innovation decreases, and that we create higher and more sustainable competitive barriers. Our focus in leadership also attracts some of the world's leading companies to collaborate with Corning because they see how our expertise and unique combination of capabilities can help them address some of their toughest challenges. Verizon's announcement last week is a great example. The agreement commits Verizon to purchase a minimum of $1 billion of our optical solutions over the next three years, as they reinvent their network to support 5G and new services. We will supply them with up to 20 million kilometers of optical fiber annually. Stepping back, all of our customers have the opportunity to benefit from our unique set of capabilities in Optical Communications. We are engaged in deep dialogue with major telecom players across the globe as they anticipate transformations in communications, education, healthcare, transportation, and ultimately the way that we all live. Corning's Optical Communications market-access platform is central to realizing their vision because of our ability to economically expand capacity and deliver innovative solutions. Consequently, we expect to grow significantly faster than the optical markets we serve, and we've seen just that over the last three quarters. Another great example of how some of the world's largest companies come to us for solutions can be seen in our automotive market-access platform. We are leveraging our position in this market by adding a significant new business for gas particulate filters, or GPFs, as well as by building a gorilla-sized automotive glass business. Consistent with OEM announcements, we believe the GPFs will be the preferred approach to meet new regulations for particulate emissions from gasoline direct injection engines. GDI engines offer both higher performance and better fuel economy; and, as a result, have grown to about a quarter of passenger car sales worldwide, with units growing in the high-teens annually. We have won the majority of GPF platforms awarded, including several new ones in the first quarter. So far, our filters will be used on 50 gas direct injection models from 20 automakers in Europe and China. European Union 6c regulations introduced new real-world emissions tests starting in September of 2017. All new cars will need to comply with the rules starting in September of 2018. In December, China also finalized belated (9:04) regulations due to take effect in 2020. We expect gas particulate filters to become a significant business for Corning. GPFs offer the potential to increase our sales opportunity per vehicle by a factor of three to four, with profitability similar to our current business. Our investment in GPF is ramping to support customer commitments, and you will start to see sales in the second half of the year. We are also seeing progress towards commercialization of Gorilla Glass for Auto. Interest in interiors is accelerating, and we continue down the path to additional wins for exteriors. To tap this opportunity, we are reapplying our core technologies, and we're using our manufacturing assets to provide advantaged glass that can make cars cleaner, safer, and more connected. Our decades-long relationships with auto manufacturers have assisted in gaining collaboration of testing and development. The new relevance of our glass expertise reinforces Corning as a key innovation partner for auto OEMs. Looking ahead, we will showcase our full spectrum of automotive solutions at the Society of Information Displays spring show. Turning to our mobile consumer electronics market-access platform. Our goal is to double sales despite flattening smartphone unit growth. Our approach here has three elements. First, we will capture more value per device by continuing to lead the market by providing our customers with best-in-class products. Gorilla Glass 5 leads the market for drop performance, and we are seeing that superior performance translate into meaningful price and share gains that increase our revenue and profit per phone. Superior performance also enables us to sell more glass per device. Given handset antenna requirements and the desire for wireless charging, glass is becoming a preferred material for phone backs which, at least conceptually, doubles our addressable market. Since the start of the year, we have seen Gorilla Glass 5 highlighted on the flagship models of several top brands. The list includes several leading phones for the China market, plus the recently launched Samsung Galaxy S8, which uses Gorilla Glass 5 on both the front and the back. And we're innovating to make glass even more attractive for glass backs. For example, our Vibrant technology puts photo-realistic images on the backs of devices for handhelds and notebooks. We've also launched a glass optimized for screen protectors for those who want added protection on their device. Our second lever to double sales is to gain share in the value segment. In February, we announced a collaboration with Micromax, India's leading device manufacturer, to bring Gorilla Glass to their video smartphones that are designed for the value-segment customer. We're thrilled that Micromax opted to give their customers' phones the protection that Gorilla Glass offers. Third, we can win in new device categories. For example, Gorilla Glass SR+ offers outstanding scratch performance and impact resistance on wearables, such as the Gear 3 from Samsung. In all cases, our close relationships with customers enable us to work jointly with them on compelling new mobile consumer products. Our results for the first quarter, with sales up 32% year-over-year, demonstrate the traction that we are getting in this market-access platform. And, briefly, I wanted to highlight the very positive state of affairs in our Display business, where our long-term objective is to stabilize returns. As Tony will elaborate, the glass price decline in the first quarter was moderate, and equal to the best first quarter decline we have seen in the past six years. We are seeing a more favorable LCD glass pricing environment today than we've seen in many years, and believe the full-year 2017 price decline should be less than last year. Specifically, we expect a price decline of about 10%, or possibly even better. And the Display business offers excellent cash flow to Corning while also presenting us with the potential for additional revenue streams as we work with customers on innovations that help them advance state-of-the-art displays. These examples are also a great indication of how we're investing $10 billion to grow sales and sustain our industry leadership. In summary, we are on track to deliver our 2017 objectives and overall Framework goals. As I noted, the strategic and financial benefits of Corning's cohesive and focused portfolio are becoming even more apparent as we enter the second year under our Framework. Let me turn the call over to Tony for a review of our results and details on our outlook for 2017. Tony?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. As we noted in today's release, our first quarter core results reflect the strong year-over-year improvement we expected, and we are very pleased with our operating performance. First quarter sales and earnings per share were up significantly, and we expect both to rise again year-over-year in Q2. Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I wanted to briefly note that the primary difference between our GAAP and core results for the first quarter is again a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment. As we have discussed previously, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be marked-to-market and recorded at their current value in the current quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. During the first quarter, the yen strengthened reducing the value of our hedge contracts, which resulted in a GAAP loss of $326 million when we marked the contracts to market as required by GAAP. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. We remain very pleased with the results of our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. Since its inception, we have received cash totaling $1.4 billion under our hedge contracts. These proceeds offset much of the yen-related fluctuations in Display's earnings. Hedging our earnings and cash flows through 2022 substantially mitigates risks from a weakening yen. And for investors who have additional questions on the mechanics of these contracts, please refer to the tutorial on FX hedge accounting on the Digital Media Disclosures section of our Investor Relations website. And as always, Ann and her team are available after the call. Turning to first quarter core results, sales rose 14% year-over-year, reflecting growth across all businesses. Net income was $407 million, up 20% year-over-year. Adjusting for the silicones business equity earnings, which were included in our results prior to the Dow Corning realignment last June, net income would have grown 42% year-over-year. First quarter EPS was $0.39, up 39%. Of these positive year-over-year results were due primarily to sales growth and higher profitability in Optical Communications, continued rapid adoption of Gorilla Glass 5 coupled with strong Gorilla Glass volume, and strong LCD glass volume growth in a sustained moderate pricing environment. Gross margins was 42.3%, in the range we expected, up 150 basis points from last year, driven by growth in Display, Optical and Specialty. SG&A was 13% of sales at $332 million. RD&E was 8% of sales at $200 million. Total gross equity earnings were $8 million. As a reminder, June 1, 2016 equity earnings included $58 million from Dow Corning silicones business. Adjusting for that, equity earnings would have been up on a year-over-year basis. And our effective tax rate for the quarter was 18%. Turning briefly to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $4.9 billion of cash, approximately 35% of which is in the U.S. Adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was $341 million, up from last year and on track to deliver to our four-year capital allocation plan. Now, let's look at detailed segment results and outlook beginning with Display Technologies. The first quarter display market and our results were strong as we expected. Sales were $846 million and net income was $256 million. Volume and pricing were in line with expectations. The glass market and our volume were up mid-teens over last year's first quarter. Sequential LCD glass price declined moderately, equaling the best first quarter decline of the past six years. Note that we believe supply chain inventory exited the quarter at a healthy level and panel maker inventories remained lean. We continue to expect that the full-year 2017 retail market as measured in square feet of glass will be up mid-single digits, driven primarily by demand for a larger screen size TVs. For the year, we also expect our glass demand to be up mid-single digits, in line with the overall market. We continue to believe the full-year 2017 pricing environment will be favorable and better than last year with our glass prices declining about 10% or even possibly better. We believe this favorable pricing environment is driven by several factors. First, we monitor utilization, value chain inventory and other market factors very closely, and we align capacity to market demand. Our current view is that glass supply is tight. If the situation changes, we will take steps necessary to align our capacity with market demand by reapplying tanks for other applications or by idling tanks. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And third, glass price declines would need to moderate even further or perhaps flatten or even increase for glassmakers to generate returns on new investments, given the high cost of building and running new capacity. For the second quarter, we expect the LCD glass market and Corning volume to be up low-single digits sequentially, which is the equivalent of up mid-single digits year-over-year. Sequential price declines should be substantially less than in the first quarter. We continue to expect supply chain inventory at year-end 2017 will be similar to the lean level at the end of 2016. Over the course of Q2 and Q3, supply chain inventory should expand in preparation for fourth quarter retail demand which will then draw inventory down. In summary, we are very pleased with the current dynamics in our Display business and our progress in stabilizing returns. We will continue to monitor and keep you posted. Let's move to Optical Communications where the first quarter results were strong and sales rose 34%, and impact more than tripled over last year. Even if we exclude the effect of the software implementation issue that constrained sales in last year's first quarter, sales grew mid-teens in both carrier and enterprise. In particular, we benefited from strong growth in the North America fiber-to-the-home market. For the second quarter, we expect sales to increase approximately 10% year-over-year. We are well on our way to delivering low-teen sales growth for the year. We see spending by key industry leaders, among them Verizon, shifting more towards optical solutions. This is an important lever for us to realize our own goal of growing Optical Communications from $3 billion to $5 billion by 2020. To meet this growing demand, we are investing in additional capacity. These investments are factored into our full-year capital spending plan of $6 billion to $7 billion. In Environmental, first quarter (25:24) sales increased 4% and net income was flat. First quarter automotive sales were again a record of 14% year-over-year, driven by light-duty substrates as auto demand worldwide was strong. The heavy-duty diesel market remained weak, particularly in North America. Our total diesel sales were down year-over-year. For the second quarter, we expect to report sales consistent with Q2 last year, as the auto market remains healthy globally and offsets heavy-duty weakness. As we've previously noted, our platform wins in the emerging GPF market require select capacity and engineering investments. In the near term, you will see both costs on our P&L and capital expenditures. As Wendell mentioned, we are excited about the GPF platform wins we have secured and expect sales to begin during the second half of the year. For 2017 overall, we continue to expect sales to be consistent to up slightly from 2016. Let's move to Specialty Materials where we also are very pleased with our performance. First quarter sales rose 32% over last year, ahead of our expectations, led by strong Gorilla Glass volume. Net income was up 50% year-over-year. We made progress on all three levers to grow in the mobile consumer market that Wendell described. In particular, we saw the benefit of Gorilla Glass 5's price and share gains in the fourth quarter, and those benefits continued in Q1. For example, a number of phones have adopted glass on the backs, including the Samsung Galaxy S8, the LG G6, and the Google Pixel. We expect a positive financial impact from Gorilla Glass 5 adoption throughout 2017. Our growth prospects remain strong in mobile consumer electronics. As Wendell described, our innovative products provide added value for consumers, particularly in terms of durability, and create new opportunities for us to increase sales. We expect sales growth in the second quarter to be in the high-teens year-over-year. Exactly how much we will see for the full year continues to be dependent on the timing and extent of customers deploying Gorilla Glass 5 and other Corning innovations. As we move through the year, keep in mind that the supply chain in this market is driven by the timing of new product launches, which can result in significant fluctuations in year-over-year growth rates for individual quarters. And we will certainly keep you posted as the year progresses. In Life Sciences, the first quarter sales and net income were up year-over-year, and a bit ahead of our expectations. For full-year 2017 and the second quarter, we continue to expect low-single-digit sales growth year-over-year. As for our innovation program in pharmaceutical packaging, we continue to make progress, and look forward to sharing milestones. Now, shifting to a full company P&L, for the second quarter, we expect year-over-year growth in sales and EPS once again. We expect second quarter gross margin will be in the range of 42% to 43%. SG&A and RD&E spending should be approximately 14% and 8% of sales, respectively. We expect other income/other expense to be a net expense of approximately $25 million to $35 million. And second quarter total gross equity earnings are expected to be approximately $10 million to $20 million. Please recall that the second quarter of 2016 also included the equity earnings from the silicones business. We will lap the strategic realignment of Dow Corning in June. Starting in Q3, year-over-year comparisons of equity earnings will be apples-to-apples. We continue to believe full-year gross equity earnings will be approximately $150 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductors. And we expect our effective tax rate for the second quarter and full-year 2017 to be approximately 17% to 18%, and CapEx to be approximately $1.5 billion for the year. Finally, let me comment on our plan to return at least $12.5 billion to shareholders under our Framework. Through the end of the first quarter, we have returned more than $6.5 billion to shareholders. In 2016, our repurchase activity included $2.5 billion in repurchases to offset the EPS impact from the loss of the silicones equity earnings from Dow Corning. So far this year, we have returned $552 million. As you may recall, in February, the board increased the cash dividend per share by 14.8%. For your modeling purposes, we still plan to repurchase a total of approximately $2 billion over the course of 2017. That's roughly what we repurchased in 2016, excluding the repurchase to offset the loss of silicones equity earnings. Let me close by saying that we are very pleased with our continued positive momentum. We remain on track to deliver our 2017 objectives and the overall goals of our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework. We feel very good about the rich set of opportunities ahead of that. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thanks, Tony. Operator, we're ready for the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our first question will come from Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to just dig in a little bit deeper to the Verizon and the 5G opportunity. In the interview that I watched, there was a talk about a very large fiber count, a lot of millions of miles of fiber. And I'm wondering how this fits into – it feels like it's covered in your current CapEx, but how incremental is this to the revenue? And is the architecture that they're talking about with all those fibers, if you could just describe that, something that you'd think is going to be widely deployed by other telecom service providers?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thanks for the question, Joseph. This is Wendell. I think, with the second part of your question, you are on the key strategic opportunity here. As to the modeling, let's deal with that first, this is inside of our strategy and capital allocation investment plan, the $0.25 billion we're investing in North Carolina to add to the world's lowest-cost, largest fiber optic facility. I think what's important to note is, Verizon's predecessor companies were one of the very first companies to deploy fiber optic cable. And that, of course, became the significant business that you see. Then, they were the first to deploy, on a large scale, fiber-to-the-home, which is a primary driver in our current financials, as the rest of the world has followed that deployment. What you saw with this announcement is a statement of their strong belief, a technology bet, and an architecture to deliver 5G and 4G densification that is largely dependent upon our capabilities. If indeed others follow this technology choice, it will be extremely significant for us over time. Does that answer your question?
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, I just wanted to get into some of the – I mean one of the things that came out was that, if you look at current – or if you looked at your FiOS build, there were 6 to 8 fibers per – I don't know if that's neighborhood or per link or in a metro node, or whatever you want to call the distribution point. And there was talk of, and I think I heard this correctly, a 1,700-fiber pair sort of installation. And that density just sounds very, very significant. I'm wondering how we should think about that in the context of, I guess, the relatively small rollout that's planned for the next two years.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: And so, I think the way to think about it is if you compare it to something like a fiber-to-the-home build, this particular architecture will utilize about two to six times more fiber than a fiber-to-the-home build. That range comes from what exact coverage you want, how exactly different neighborhoods are laid out. So, that's very significant. I think timing on the civil works and the way in which they'll roll out is a question best directed to the customer. But I think you are on, I think, the more significant question which is, is this architecture going to become the dominant architecture as major wireless companies seek to prepare for 5G through 4G densification? If it's the case, that would be a very bullish outlook for our capabilities.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And I'll just round it out, and let other people ask. Would that mean incremental CapEx and capacity requirements for the fiber business, if more than one vendor went here?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, I think the way you should remember how we work on innovation is – so we've been engaged for a number of years with Verizon on this innovation and strategic deployment, and they just chose to go public recently. But that deep engagement that we have through our Optical Communications market-access platform allows us to get technology insight as well as good insight as to how to plan for our capital allocation. So, although every one of our different forecasts and planning cycles has different probability (37:25), by and large, you should think about this as being included in our $10 billion of investment in growth and sustained leadership. It's possible that things could reflect a little more through a higher demand case than what we're currently planning on. But I think the best way to think about it is probabilistically and that is encaptured within our $10 billion.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you, Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will come from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please go ahead. And your line is open. Please check your mute key. Okay. Getting no response from that line, we'll move along. Next question will come from Jess Lubert with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a nice quarter. I also had a couple questions on the Optical business. And to start, maybe how come we shouldn't expect better than low-teens growth for the year given the outperformance in Q1? And I was hoping you could help us understand the OpEx component of your fiber expansion plans and to what extent the profitability of the Optical business might be impacted as you invest in more capacity this year.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Hey, yeah, this is Tony. Why don't I take those two questions? Some of that growth that we experienced in the first quarter, of course, was not repeating the software implementation issue that we had a year ago. But even in spite of that, we were up about 15%, and our guidance for the full year is low teens. So, from our standpoint, that's very good significant growth. It's certainly better than what the industry average is, capital spending in the Optical arena, and it's well on track to get us to the $5 billion of sales which is our objective by 2020. So, I think overall, we feel very good about the Optical growth. In terms of the capacity expansions, I mean the thing to remember the power of our Framework is that that we already have a lot of capacity in Optical Communications. And so, while we are adding some capacity there and it does have a negative impact in us on the short term, it's not significant. And you see it a little bit with slightly lower gross margins as we ramp up some of the production. But it's well within our guidance of 42% to 43% for the year. So, I don't think it's going have a big significant impact.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then, if I could just ask a quick follow-up on Verizon, I was just hoping you could confirm to what degree the contract will increase your run rate with the carrier or if this is just the continuation of the 2017 run rate into 2018, 2019 and 2020. Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: . No. It's obviously a significant increase for this particular customer.
Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Sorry, another fiber question. But maybe just stepping back, Wendell, you mentioned that your engagements for a while with some of the service providers and there's different probability (40:52) to what they may need. But how does that influence the enterprise customers, especially some of the large data center players that you've been dealing with more recently? Could we see similar agreements there? And in general, how would you describe just the availability of your products and the industry's products into the second half of the year, given all of this?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, I think that your observation that there is also significant network architecture evolution going on on the enterprise side is quite accurate, Steve. And so, more to come in that space as our customers decide how open they want to be about that. For many of them, they are not subject to the same degree of public filings that the major public carriers are. So, as a result, they tend to keep quite quiet their architectures because it's a – they view it as a key component of competitive advantage in these very large scale data centers, and it is indeed. So – but there is significant change going on there. Once again, it is a change in the direction of our capability set. So, more to come there, though we may not be able to be too public. So, how do we view the demand for our products set? We view capacity to be quite short, and that's why you see the capacity expansion announcement that you have. Because of our superior cost position, we are able to economically expand our capacity where many others have not. And so, this sets up a very interesting strategic dynamic that should play itself out over the next number of years. And our Optical Communications team, I think, is generally on top of it, and will take the appropriate steps to both delight our customers and our shareholders with their set of notes (43:14).
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. That's very helpful. And then, if I could just sneak in a Gorilla Glass question. So, Gorilla Glass 5, you're indicating increases as a percentage of your shipments further throughout the year. Can you give us a sense for either how that helps profitability or where the mix ends in the year? I know the timing is tough to call, but if we went from here to end of calendar 2017, what's the general impact of Gorilla Glass 5? And where is it in terms of your mix? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: I think from an overall standpoint, the adoption of Gorilla Glass 5 has been very rapid and continued to be rapid. And of course, we get a nice both price and share premium from that. It's had a positive impact on our financials the last couple of quarters. And you expect to see that same sort of impact continue the next couple of quarters.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question that will come from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Rodney Hall - JPMorgan Securities Plc: Yeah, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I just have a couple. I guess I wanted to start with Optical. The seasonality there was a little bit different than we anticipated, so the Q2 guide is a little below what we were expecting. But then, Q1 was better. I wonder if you guys could comment on the seasonal movement there between Q1 and Q2. And also, just comment on whether you're supply or you're capacity constrained there in Q2. And then, second, I wanted to ask about Specialty. To what extent does the strong guidance in Q2 include unannounced products? Or are you just guiding for what you already know? And then, the third question is on Display. So, you commented, I think, Tony, you said positive pricing is even possible. I mean by when would we potentially see that? Is that possible this year you think? Or when might pricing actually move as a positive, as incredible as that might sound? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah, I think that the comment that I made there was in respect to the people who are going to be reinvesting in capacity. One of the challenges is the returns that are required from those reinvestments, and so that if you're going to see the necessity of reinvesting capacity, either price declines have to continue to moderate or maybe even go positive. But that wasn't a comment about this year. Relative to this year, we think pricing will be down about 10% or it could be a little bit better than that. Back to Optical Communications, Rod, you have to remember these are big civil works projects that are hard to predict in any given quarter. We don't see anything unusual out there. We think for the full year we'll be up in the low teens, and our actuals in Q1 and our guidance in Q2 reflects that from a full-year standpoint. So, we don't think there's anything to read into that. And then, relative to Specialty Materials, I mean that...
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: We're not going to answer that question, Rod, but thank you for that valiant attempt.
Nicholas Rodney Hall - JPMorgan Securities Plc: Okay. Thanks, Wendell. On Optical, Tony, could you just confirm you're not – so, you're not capacity constrained? It's just the flow of projects and project (46:38) nature of the build that's...
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: No. I think what Wendell said to the earlier question, I mean things are very tight in Optical Communications right now.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: If we had more, we could sell more. If that answers your question.
Nicholas Rodney Hall - JPMorgan Securities Plc: Yes. That answers it. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, good morning, Wendell and Tony. Another Optical question. The announcement provided a max fiber output and minimum revenue opportunity, and if you use those min and max variables, you can calculate an ASP per kilometer of about 1,750, which seems very low. So, I was wondering if you could help us understand the average ASP of fiber per kilometer in bulk purchases. And then, thinking about the max 60 million kilometer shipment, can you help us understand what the revenue upside could be? It would seem that you have the potential to maybe max out at least 60% higher from the announced $1.05 billion level.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, the way to think about that agreement is that the reason you see two very different numbers, right, is because they are different numbers. You can't take the revenue and divide it into the fiber volume. So, what our agreement with Verizon encompasses at the minimum level includes the full suite of our Optical Communications products set and all of our capabilities. Included in the agreement is the ability for Verizon to call on us for just pure fiber up to 20 million kilometers. The actual low timing and the actual low play (48:35) of which of our products gets deployed in what order, in what manner, is still to be fully determined. And because of the very close relationship, we're able – and our broad capability set – what we're able to offer our customers is the ability for them to know they can get the most critical componentry, but still fulfill their obligations to us across their entire purchase set. So, I think you read in part B of your question is that, if indeed there is that much fiber deployed, that that would represent a very significant revenue of potential for this customer alone, let alone others. I think that observation is analytically correct.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you, Wendell. And then, I guess for Tony on Gorilla Glass. Could you just comment whether Gorilla Glass's growth rate was above or below the reported 22% year-over-year Specialty Materials growth? And you did – to an earlier question on the contribution of Gorilla Glass 5 currently, didn't really give us many details. Could you help us just ballpark a generic range of where that sits as a percentage of total Gorilla Glass currently?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. And so, the first answer to your question is, I think Specialty Materials was actually up 32% year-over-year, and Gorilla Glass was the primary contributor to that. And then, in terms of the adoption rate, I mean it's been very significant. It's been better than what we've seen in other versions of Gorilla Glass that we've introduced, and we feel really good about it.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Worth a try. Thank you for taking my questions. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will come from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, (50:47) question I get asked a lot from investors is on the competitive dynamics in Optical. Help us understand, who do you run into primarily in fiber cable and for the fiber itself here in the U.S.? And would the competition change by end market? For example, do you run into different sets of players in fiber-to-the-home versus cloud, data center, on and on? And then, also overseas, do you run into different sets of players in Europe and APAC versus here in the U.S.? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, excellent question. So, let's take at the most macro first. So, I think what makes it a little challenging for you to describe our Optical Communications as if they are like this company or they are like that company, is that our particular set of capabilities and global footprint is unique in the world, okay. We're the only player who makes every component within a passive optical system, and that therefore has the ability to cross-innovate and co-innovate across the platform to create these very advantaged systems. And then, we play that out differently in our segments. Public network wireline, public network wireless. All the various forms of data centers, from small enterprise all the way up to hyperscale data centers. So, we're very unique. And in each of these segments, we have a different set of players who are strong or weak. And then, on top of that, we have a global footprint where we're also the only one who spans the globe. And therefore, in these different regions, we will face different competitors of different strengths and different products. I think perhaps the best way to answer this question would be, if you were to follow up with Ann subsequent to this, we would provide sort of a list for you to think about, depending on which dimension you are most interested in. Would that be helpful, Vijay?
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No. I think certainly it'd be very helpful. And then, quickly, fiber to cell towers, Wendell, do you see that as a bigger opportunity versus fiber-to-the-home, with over 90% of cell towers currently running on copper? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, if indeed the description of the next technological node in wireless is as Verizon just described it to the world, then it is a very, very large opportunity. It still remains to be seen how that particular technology node will be adjudicated over time. We are deeply engaged on this topic, have been for a long time. And we will try to put ourselves in a position where we feel comfortable with some public statements, perhaps a little later on this year, to help you begin to think about this the way we think about it, as technologist (54:20) first, what's right for our customer, and that will give you some ability to think through different demand futures.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Tony, I was wondering if you could give us an update on any additional hedges, given the volatility in the yen and any changes to the hedge levels you've alluded to previously through the next five years, or a proportion of LCD glass volume that's now hedged incrementally since the last time you gave us an update? And I will follow up.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. There hasn't been any changes in our hedging levels since the last update. We are still about 70% hedged from 2016 through 2022. You're right, there has been some volatility, and we continue to monitor that and think about – if we want to add anything onto that. But basically, we're in the same place we were before, Wamsi.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, Tony. And then, just as a follow-up on LCD glass pricing. You guys sound very optimistic around Q2. When you think about supply coming on over the next few years, including your expansion in China, do you think there's a reasonable probability of glass pricing declines continuing to improve? And is there an element of a mix shift between the amount of EAGLE XG versus Lotus versus Willow and other formulations of glass that you are shipping? Or is this all supply-demand driven? Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: It'd be – it clearly is mix shift to other new glasses, although the vast majority is the traditional LCD glass. I think the reason that we believe in the pricing environment today and what we expect to see on a going forward basis, goes back to the three things that I talked about in the call. First, the current view is that glass supply is tight. We match our supply with demand. And if something were to change, we would change our capacity by reapplying tanks to other applications or by idling tanks. And then, secondly, we've got the competitors that continue to face profitability challenges at their current pricing. And we think they'll continue to – their price declines will slow further as they continue to try to remain profitable. And then, the comment about any other capacity adds that might be made. In order for that to be economically justified, pricing either needs to flatten or even increase. So, when we think about it on those three dimensions, that's why we feel the pricing environment in 2017 will be about 10% on a year-over-year basis, if not better.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: I think Tony has nailed it very accurately here. But let's take this a year at a time before we try to look out two years from now, three years from now. We're feeling good about the current dynamics. Let's see how those dynamics evolve throughout this year, and then we'll be able to give you a thoughtful response on what happens next. Is that okay?
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thank you, Wendell. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue that will come from Doug Clark with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking my question here. First one on the glass business, can you talk a little bit about any incremental changes in demand trends on the TV side for the traditional glass business? And worth a try here, but can you narrow down or at least give a little bit of quantitative guidance for what you expect Specialty Materials segment to be for the for the full-year 2017 in terms of growth rates?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Sure. On the overall glass demand, we don't really see any change in what we had originally talked about back in January. We think TVs themselves could be flat and may be up 1%. The growth again is going to be driven by the TV size, with greater than an inch and a half. From an overall glass market standpoint, that should be in the 4% to 6% range, and our volume will be in that same range, in the mid-single digits. So, really no change, I mean – Doug, the thing to always keep in mind is it's only been one quarter and only a couple of months' worth of data. And what really drives a lot of this happens in the back half of the year. So, our outlook is essentially the same. In terms of Specialty Materials, I mean I think it's important to understand that we firmly know that we're going to grow or believe we're going to grow on a year-over-year basis. And we've got a lot of great innovations such as Gorilla Glass 5, and how much that growth is going to be depending on the adoption of those innovations. And we feel good about what happened in Q1, that was very significant growth. We think Q2 growth is going to be in the high-teens. And we just need to see how those innovations continue to roll out and be adopted, keeping in mind that the supply chain there always takes products in advance of product launches. And so, it's hard to just take one quarter and draw a big conclusion from it. We obviously feel great about where we are in Specialty Materials.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. That makes sense. And then, I have a quick follow-up on Optical as well, kind of a two-part question. First, can you give us any detail on who that 10% customer is in that segment already? And then, secondly, I know you're more indexed to North America generally, but can you talk about kind of near-term trends going on in China to the extent that there's any type of pause or softness?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: So, in terms of the 10% customer, we're not going to disclose that.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: And on China, it has been relatively widely reported, concerns about a slowdown in China for many of the players. And we still find demand for our product to outpace our ability to serve our Chinese customers.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Okay. We've got time for one quick question.
Operator: Thank you. That will come from Tejas Venkatesh with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tejas Venkatesh - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. A quick one. Any update on when you expect to see revenue from Gorilla Glass for Automotive? You mentioned traction with the interiors of cars. Are design cycles there any different from the exterior?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So, with regards to auto, we'll start seeing revenues quickly, already have some, okay? So, the real question isn't will we penetrate that market, that has happened. The real question is, how big does it get? And I don't think we'll have deep insight on that until we get a little further through the relatively long design platform time cycles of the car companies. But there is no question that both our exterior product as well as our interior product is getting very strong pull. The question we've kind of asked is (01:02:03) does it primarily penetrate in the premium segment or does this become an everyday vehicle type of product? We don't have the new deep insight on that question yet, that can sort of only be adjudicated by actual decisions by customers that they then in turn become public about. But we're not only – the reason we're so highly confident about revenues is we're getting them.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: And Tejas, just one housekeeping item is to keep in mind that revenues for Gorilla Glass 5 for Automotive show up in what we call our Other segment, not in the Specialty Materials segment.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Wendell, any closing comments?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you to everyone for joining us today. As we've said, we're very pleased with our continued positive momentum. We remain on track to deliver our 2017 objectives, and the overall goals of our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework. And we really look forward to talking with all of you in June at our Investor Day when we'll have the opportunity to give you a more in-depth update on our progress against the Framework, including a more detailed look at all of our market-access platforms. I do hope you'll take the opportunity to join us in person, so that you'll get the chance to interact with leadership and enjoy our always terrific interactive exhibits. Thank you.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Wendell. And thank you all for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that our Annual Shareholder Meeting is this Thursday. Find details in our proxy statements. Looking out to next month, Tony and I will be meeting with investors at the Bernstein conference on June 1. Our Investor Day that Wendell mentioned is scheduled for Friday, June 16 in New York City. And the registration link is live on our website. Finally, the replay of today's call will be available on our site for one year, starting later this morning. There's also a telephone replay available for the next two weeks, and details are in today's news release. Once again, thanks for joining us. Tony, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Division VP of IR Wendell Weeks - Chairman and CEO Tony Tripeny - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital Jess Lubert - Wells Fargo Securities Rod Hall - JPMorgan Steven Fox - Cross Research Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four 2016 Earnings Results. It's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, John and good morning. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter 2016 conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the Company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found on the investor relations section of our website at Corning.com. Slides are posting live on our webcast to accompany our formal comments and with encourage you to follow along. They'll also be available on our website for downloading. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann and good morning, everyone. Early last year, we told you that we expected our momentum to build steadily throughout 2016 and it did. As we reported this morning, we finished the year with a very strong fourth quarter, with sales up 6%, net income up 24% and EPS of $0.50, up 47% year-over-year. We see this momentum continuing and anticipate year-over-year sales, net income and EPS growth in the first quarter. Tony will cover our financial performance and outlook in greater detail, in just a few minutes. These corroborating results and our progress on key value creation initiatives continue to reinforce our confidence in the strategy and capital allocation framework that we introduced in October of 2015. The framework outlines our leadership priorities and articulates the opportunities we see across our businesses. We designed the framework to create significant value for shareholders, by focusing our portfolio and leveraging our financial strength. As you know, under our framework, we target generating $26 billion to $30 billion in cash through 2019 and plan to return more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We have made great progress against that goal. Since October 2015, we have returned a total of $6 billion by increasing the dividend 12.5% last February and by repurchases that reduced outstanding shares by approximately 22%. In 2016, we also realigned our interest in Dow Corning. That transaction further focused our portfolio and unlocked tremendous value for our shareholders. In addition to cash distributions, we plan to invest $10 billion to sustain our leadership and deliver growth over the long term. We're best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms and five market access platforms. We focus 80% of our resources on opportunities that use existing capabilities in at least two of the three areas. We're investing in research and development, capital expansion and acquisitions, to advance our innovation initiatives, strengthen our leadership and low-cost positions and ultimately outperform our competitors. By pursuing this strategy, we believe that our likelihood of success increases, our cost of innovation decreases and we create higher and more sustainable competitive barriers. Our focus in leadership also attracts some of the world's leading companies to our ecosystem, because they see how our unique expertise can help address some of their toughest challenges. This is leading to improved performance and excellent momentum in our market access platforms. Let's look at a few examples. In our optical communications market access platform, our goal is to add $2 billion in sales by 2020. Optical communications is a fully-evolved example of our focused 3-4-5 portfolio. We began more than 40 years ago, by leveraging our deep knowledge of optical physics, glass science and vapor deposition, to disrupt the telecommunications industry with optical fiber. Over time, we increased our value-add by leveraging ceramics, extrusion and precision forming. Today, we're reaping the benefits of this unique combination of our capabilities, in segments like fiber-to-the-home and hyperscale data centers. During 2016, we improved our cost position and won customer commitments that support long term growth. In the fourth quarter, optical communication sales rose 11% year-over-year and we expect growth in this business to accelerate in 2017. In our automotive market access platform, we're building on our existing environmental business, with the addition of a significant new business for gas particulate filters, or GPFs and a Gorilla-sized automotive glass business. Consistent with OEM announcements, we believe that GPFs will be the preferred approach to meet new regulations for particulate emissions from gasoline direct injection engines. GDI engines offer both higher performance and better fuel economy. And, as a result, have grown to about a quarter of passenger car sales worldwide, with units growing in the high teens annually. Platform awards began in 2016 and we have won the majority. In December, the European Union agreed on its 6C regulations which introduced new real-world emissions tests, starting in September of 2017. All new cars will need to comply with the rules, starting in September of 2018. In December, China also finalized related regulations. We expect gas particulate filters to become a significant business for Corning. GPFs offer the potential to increase our sales opportunity per vehicle by a factor of three to four, with profitability similar to our current business. In line with our commitment to invest $10 billion in growth opportunities, our investment in GPF is ramping to support customer commitments. You will see both cost on our P&L and capital expenditures in the near term and we'll start to see sales in the second half of the year. In 2017, we also expect progress towards commercialization of Gorilla Glass for auto, for both vehicle exteriors and interiors. To tap this opportunity, we're reapplying our core technologies and reusing our manufacturing assets, to provide advantage glass that can make cars cleaner, safer and more connected. Our decades-long relationships with auto manufacturers have assisted in gaining collaboration on testing and development. During 2016, we successfully formed a joint venture with Saint-Gobain. We've passed Government safety tests and have been engaged in many promising dialogues with customers. The concept car we introduced at CES that used Gorilla Glass in a myriad of ways was frequently cited as a top innovation at the show. In our mobile consumer electronics market access platform, we seek to increase our revenue per phone and win placement on new devices. Our goal is to double our sales, despite flattening smartphone unit growth. We're pursuing that goal in a number of ways. First, we continue to lead the market with best-in-class products. Gorilla Glass 5 is the best glass for drop performance in the market today and we're seeing that superior performance translate into a meaningful price premium, that increases our revenue per phone. Second, we're selling more glass per device, given handset antenna requirements to support increasing data rates and the desire for wireless charging, glass is becoming a preferred material in more places on phones. Also, we have launched a glass specifically designed for screen protectors, for those who want added protection on their device. Third, we're enabling more value per device by adding functionality which opens up new device categories. For example, our Vibrant product enables photo realistic images on handhelds and notebooks, while Gorilla Glass SR+ offers outstanding scratch performance on wearables, such as the Gear 3 from Samsung. Fourth, we can add sales by focusing on markets where we can gain share. In all cases, our close relationships with our customers enable us to work jointly with them on compelling new mobile consumer products. In summary, we believe the strategic and financial benefits of Corning's cohesive and focused portfolio are becoming even more apparent, as we enter the second year under our framework. Let me turn the call over to Tony, for a review of our results and details on our outlook for 2017. Tony?
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell and good morning. As we noted in today's release, our fourth quarter core results reflect the sequential and year-over-year improvement we expected and we're very pleased with our strong operating performance. Net income and earnings were both up significantly. Looking ahead, we see year-over-year growth in the first quarter in sales, net income and EPS. Before I get into the details of our performance and results, I wanted to briefly note that the primary difference between our GAAP and core results for the fourth quarter is, again, a non-cash mark-to-market adjustment. As we have discussed previously, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation head contracts, settling in future periods, to be marked-to-market and recorded at their current value in the current quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. During the fourth quarter, the yen weakened which resulted in a GAAP gain of $1.1 billion, when we marked the contracts to market, as required by GAAP. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. We remain very pleased with the results of our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. Since its inception, we have received cash totaling $1.3 billion under our hedge contracts. These proceeds offset much of the yen-related decline in display's earnings. Hedging our earnings and cash flow through 2022 substantially mitigates risk from a weakening yen. For the investors who have additional questions on the mechanics of the contracts, please refer to the tutorial on FX hedge accounting on the digital media disclosure section of our investor relations website. And as always, Ann and her team are available after the call. Note that for the full year, marking those contracts to market resulted in a non-cash loss of $409 million. The more significant difference between GAAP and core results for the full year was the $2.7 billion benefit from the strategic realignment of Dow Corning, that was completed in the second quarter. As Wendell noted, this transaction provided tremendous value for our shareholders. Turning to fourth quarter core results, sales grew 6% year over year and net income was $534 million, up 24% year-over-year. Adjusting for the former Dow Corning silicones business equity earnings which no longer contribute to our results, net income grew 36% year over year. Fourth quarter EPS was $0.50, up 47%. These positive year-over-year results were primarily due to rapid adoption of Gorilla Glass 5 and record Gorilla Glass volume which produced higher sales and a profit boost from its premium price; sales growth and higher profitability in optical communications; and LCD glass volume growth and moderate pricing. We delivered a 43% gross margin, as expected which was up 140 basis points from last year. SG&A was 14% of sales, at $350 million. RD&E was 7% of sales at $173 million, benefiting from the proceeds of a joint development agreement with a display customer. Total gross equity earnings were $112 million, driven primarily by our equity earnings from Hemlock which is seasonally strongest in Q4. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 17%. Turning briefly to the balance sheet, adjusted operating cash flow for the year was $2.75 billion and we ended the year with $5.3 billion of cash, approximately 40% of which is in the U.S. Now let's look at the detailed segment results and the outlook for each business, beginning with display technologies. The fourth quarter display market and our results were strong and in line with guidance. Sales were $904 million and net income was $276 million. Industry dynamics played out, as we said they would, in October. The fourth quarter is the strongest season at retail. Based on preliminary data, premium retail area growth year over year was robust, particularly in North America and China. Our customers, the panel makers, kept their utilizations high to meet this demand. Our fourth quarter glass volume tracked with the market and was up low teens year-over-year. Sequentially, our volume was down slightly. Supply chain inventory exited the year at a healthy level and panel makers' inventories remain lean. Fourth quarter LCD glass price declined moderately sequentially, in fact, more moderately than Q3. For the full year, glass demand grew in the mid-single-digits. As we predicted, growth was driven primarily by average TV screen size which grew more than 1.5 inches. Our volume for the full year grew mid-single digits, in line with the glass market. Now, looking into 2017, we expect the retail market, as measured in square feet of glass, to be up mid-single digits, driven primarily by demand for larger screen size TVs. Let me walk you through the details. First, TV units at retail are expected to be flat, or possibly up 1%. This has a small contribution to glass market area growth. Second, TV screen size should grow about 1.5 inches, consistent with the trend of the last three years. This will contribute 4% to 5% to end market glass area growth in 2017. Third, we think IT will be flat, with larger screen sizes offset by lower units. We do not expect IT and other smaller form factors to contribute to glass market growth. And fourth, the value chain enters the year with healthy inventory levels and we think inventory will again be healthy at year-end 2017, expanding during the first half to prepare for a seasonally-strong second half, when inventory will contract. Taken together, we expect our demand to be up mid-single digits in 2017, in line with the overall market. Specifically for the first quarter, we expect the glass market and our volume to be up mid-teens over last year's first quarter. This is down mid-single digits sequentially, driven by two fewer production days in the quarter and a reduction in panel maker capacity. As context, late in Q4, Korean panel makers began to take down some lines, to convert the flexible OLED manufacturing for smart phones. New fabs are coming online over the course of 2017. Therefore, panel capacity will increase throughout the year. When one panel maker reduces production in one fab, other panel makers will need to produce more to meet retail demand. We expect to maintain our worldwide share position, due to our broad and diversified customer base. We believe the full-year 2017 glass price declines will be more moderate than 2016. In fact, we may see the smallest declines in the last five years, as the profitability of our competitors remains low and supply/demand remains in balance. At this point, we already have more than 90% of our 2017 volume under contract. For Q1, we expect the sequential LCD glass price declines also to be moderate and very similar to the decline in the first quarter of 2016 which was the best for our first quarter in the past five years. Keep in mind, Q1 is typically the quarter with the largest decline for the year, as annual supply agreements are finalized. Let's move to optical communications, where we're very pleased with the results, as fourth quarter sales rose 11% and NPAT rose 85% over last year. The increased sales of our solution products and improved manufacturing performance contributed to the higher year-over-year sales and profitability. North America carrier network business provided the fourth quarter growth highlight, as demand for our fiber-to-the-home solutions remained strong. Turning to 2017, we're preparing to leverage the strong opportunities we see within the existing telecom market. These include fiber market demand exceeding market supply; key industry leaders in telecom investing in optical solutions, particularly as they look to the next generations of network capabilities; and, finally, industry consolidations that favor some of our strong business partners. These are organizations that have turned to Corning's optical communications business many times for help in solving their cost and network capacity challenges. As a result, we expect low teens growth for full-year 2017 sales. The increase will largely be the result of a continuation of the growth trends we saw in the second half of 2016. In the first quarter, we expect year-over-year growth of at least 25%. As a reminder, a software implementation issue constrained sales in the first half of 2016. In environmental, fourth quarter sales were down slightly, in line with our expectations. For this business, it's a tale of two end markets, in very different places. The light duty automotive market grew mid-single digits for the year. Our auto sales were a record, up 11% for the year, driven by winning additional business. The heavy duty diesel market is in a different place, particularly in North America, where truck builds were down 30% year on year and our sales were down. Net income for the fourth quarter declined in line with our expectations. For the first quarter, we expect to report sales consistent to down slightly versus Q1 of last year. For 2017 overall, we expect full-year sales to be consistent to up slightly from 2016. We expect continued sales growth in the auto market and lower heavy duty volume. In 2017, we're making select capacity and engineering investments for the new GPF business, to prepare us to support customer commitments and you will see both cost on our P&L and capital expenditures in the near term. As we've mentioned, we're excited about the GPF platform wins we have secured and expect sales to begin during the second half of the year. Let's move to specialty materials, where we were very pleased with the performance. Fourth quarter sales rose 22% over last year, ahead of our expectations, led by record Gorilla Glass volume. Net income was up 48% year over year. During the quarter, we saw rapid adoption of Gorilla Glass 5, as OEMs used it on more devices, a testament to our market leadership. As Wendell noted, our innovative products also can command a premium price. We began to feel the benefit of Gorilla Glass 5 pricing in the fourth quarter and expect it to positively impact our financial performance in 2017. Our growth prospects remain strong in this market. The newly-introduced Gorilla Glass 5 and Gorilla Glass SR+ provide added value for consumers in terms of durability and we're working on even more innovations to increase our sales in the mobile consumer electronics market. In the first quarter, we're expecting specialty materials sales to grow in the high teens year over year, as our OEM customers continue to use Gorilla Glass on more devices. Keep in mind, the supply chain in this market is driven by the timing of new product launches, not calendar years. We're highly confident that our specialty materials business will grow in 2017. The only question is how big that growth will be which will depend on the timing and extent of customers employing Gorilla Glass 5 and other Corning innovations. We will certainly keep you posted as the year progresses. In Life Sciences, fourth quarter sales were up year over year and net income growth outpaced that of sales. For full-year 2017 and the first quarter, we expect low single-digit growth year over year, ahead of forecasted market growth rates. As for our innovation program in pharmaceutical packaging, we continue to make progress and look forward to sharing milestones as we can. Now, let's turn to a few more details on our first quarter outlook. As Wendell noted, for the first quarter, we expect year-over-year growth in sales, net income and EPS. We expect our first quarter gross margin will be in the range of 42% to 43% and SG&A and RD&E spending should be approximately 14% and 9% of sales respectively. We expect other income, other expense to be a net expense of approximately $40 million and we expect first quarter total gross equity earnings to be approximately $15 million. Those details should help you understand our view of the first quarter, but we wanted to provide a few insights regarding the full year as well. First, we presently believe full-year equity earnings will be approximately $150 million, predominantly from Hemlock Semiconductors. You may recall that we're receiving Hemlock's equity earnings on a pretax basis, since we closed the realignment of Dow Corning. We've put a schedule in the appendix to the slides for this call, that will walk you through the comparison. Further, we expect our effective tax rate for full-year 2017 and the first quarter will be approximately 17% to 18%. Recall from our strategy and capital allocation framework that we plan on investing $10 billion from 2016 to 2019 in growth and sustained leadership which included capital spending. We said the pace of CapEx would be dependent on customer demand. We anticipate investing a total of about $1.5 billion in 2017 which is up from 2016. This is driven by expansions related to four growth opportunities in our market access platforms. First, to support the double-digit growth of optical communications. Second, to support the success of our innovations in mobile consumer electronics. Third, to continue work on the gen 10.5 glass manufacturing facility, adjacent to BOE and display. You may recall this project exceeds our target of obtaining $2 of every $3 from others, when we invest in new melting capacity. And, fourth, to add capacity for the new gas particulate filter business in automotive. Now, finally, I wanted to comment on our plans to return at least $12.5 billion to shareholders under our strategy and capital allocation framework. Through year-end 2016, essentially the first year under the framework, we returned $6 billion. In February 2016, the Board increased the cash dividend by 12.5%. Our repurchase activity included $2.5 billion spent on repurchases, to offset the EPS impact from the loss of the silicone's equity earnings from Dow Corning. In 2017, as we did in 2016, we planned to continue repurchasing opportunistically, reflecting our view that Corning remains undervalued. For your modeling purposes, we anticipate spending approximately $2 billion over the course of the year for repurchases, or roughly what we spent in 2016, excluding the spending to offset the loss of the silicone's equity earnings. Of course, the timing and amount of repurchase activities always depends on a variety of factors. In addition, we expect the Board to approve an increase of at least 10% per share in the annual dividend rate, in line with the framework. Let me close by saying that we're very pleased with the strong fourth quarter results and our positive momentum coming into 2017. Overall, we feel very good about our progress against our framework and the rich set of opportunities ahead of us. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tony. Operator, we'll now open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First in line is Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf: So when does the car from CES go on sale? But more seriously, if we look into 2017, you gave a good overview of the display market, but I was hoping you could get us a little more color on the OLED market, in terms of both the large TV size and the smaller-sized handsets. There was a lot of OLED discussion at CES and the starting price point on one of their new TVs from LG actually doesn't seem to be that high for market adoption. If you could just review for us your view on OLED and Corning's position in these new developments?
Wendell Weeks: With regards to OLEDs, we continue to believe that OLEDs will not be a factor in large size TV of any significance, mainly because of their cost premium and the value that they create in performance is not large enough versus an ever-improving LCD technology. We do, however, believe that the most compelling use of OLED technology is in the conformable displays for small form factors, especially smartphones. Although this is irrelevant a small part of the overall glass market, something less than 3%, the adoption of these type of displays will actually be a revenue enhancer for Corning, because we just developed a very special glass to be used, as the substrate for those poly unit displays, so our share is very high, as well as the glass utilization for one of these flexible OLEDs really is approximately the same as an ace high LCD today. I will expect that to improve over time, but that's where it's starting. So overall as we look at it from Corning's perspective, where we see OLED getting adopted ought to be a small but positive revenue event.
Operator: Our next question is from Jess Lubert from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Jess Lubert: Two questions, first for Wendell, you met with Trump yesterday, so I was hoping you could help us understand the key takeaways from Corning, to what extent fiber might fall under any infrastructure plans and how the border tax adjustment under Trump versus Ryan are different, if one or the other is more advantageous to Corning? And a question on the optical business, I was hoping to understand how much of the Q4 strength was a function of business that slipped from last quarter coming back? And then it looks like you're expecting the business to see a nice acceleration this year. So I was hoping you could help us understand how that breaks down across carrier, data center and to what extent that's a function of market acceleration versus improved execution, following some of the difficulties we saw in 2016?
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me start on the optical question. We definitely had good growth in the fourth quarter. It was higher than what we expected. We did see the data center demand pick up in the fourth quarter. It was higher than Q3 and it was also higher than last year. I think what's important to remember about data center demand is it will be lumpy, because of the project nature of the business. But over time, we definitely expect this to be a strong driver of growth. And as we look out into next year, for our full year, we think our growth will be in the mid-teens. A lot of that, of course, driven by fiber of the home and carriers. But we do expect some growth in the hyperscale data -- enterprise in general, including hyperscale data centers. Now, for the first quarter, we said the growth would be greater than 25%. I think you can think about that, roughly half of that coming from the issues we had last year and half of it being the strong market that we have. Because overall, we think the market in the mid-teens gives you a sense that -- our growth in the mid-teens gives you the sense that the market, we expect to grow greater than 10%.
Jess Lubert: And Tony, are you supply constrained at all in the fiber business at the moment?
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I think that right now fiber supply is very tight.
Jess Lubert: And then Wendell?
Wendell Weeks: The purpose of the visit with Trump was, is that, this administration has formed a small group of leading manufacturing executives in the U.S., for him to be able to listen to ideas and exchange ideas on how to improve manufacturing in the U.S. and more specifically, how to significantly increase manufacturing employment in the U.S. Given that, the actual dialogue is confidential, at least from our side and it is up to the President to share what it is he sought to communicate to us and what he gained from that communication.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: I've got a couple for you. I wanted to follow up, Tony, on your comment on hyperscale and try to get some idea of what the trajectory looks like through the year. Do you expect acceleration in the second half? Do you think it's just cost and growth all the way through the year? Can you give us any color on how you expect that to go and whether, I think you're alluding to Q1 bouncing back, but I think when we exited Q3, you had thought it might take until Q2, so is that a little bit earlier? So just trying to get a feeling on that. Wendell, I wanted to go back to not really the Trump meeting content, but just onshore manufacturing. I know you have capacity here. Could you talk a little bit about your flexibility in manufacturing location? Do you feel like you have got enough capacity onshore if you needed to start doing more here? And just give me any color on what sort of flexibility you feel like you've got there. And then the last thing I wanted to ask about was just the glass demand growth. You are talking about mid-single digits. I think most of the deviation from our model is the IT expectations. Why do you expect those numbers to be potentially down? A lot of the PC manufacturers and so on are thinking maybe there's some growth this year. So just curious about your expectations, versus what I'm hearing back from manufacturers. Thank you.
Tony Tripeny: Why don't I start with the telecom question, Rod. I think from an overall standpoint, we did see the growth in the fourth quarter and that was on a year-over-year basis, also versus Q3. But I think one thing that we learned in the process of talking about hyperscale growth is, because of the lumpy nature of it and the timing. It just doesn't make sense to think about it on a quarter in, quarter out basis. I think it's more important to think about it on an annual basis and it's part of our mid-teens or low teens growth that we expect in 2017.
Wendell Weeks: As far as our ability to onshore flexibility of our supply. Today, only around 20% to 25% of our revenue is in the U.S., but 35% or more of our people are in the U.S. So we're set up fundamentally as a pretty strong exporter from the U.S. That being said and our fundamental philosophy is that we make in the countries where our customers are. And this has always been our philosophy and we think it is just good business practice to be close to your customers, as well as responsible business practice. Really the only exception of that is to the U.S., where we're a strong exporter from this country, of product and we employ for people than we sell here. So that being said, if we see some significant onshoring of our customers' production capabilities, we do have the capability to flexibly react to that, in really all of our businesses. So if that does become a trend, I think that would be fabulous for the country and it would be really good for us.
Tony Tripeny: And then, Rod, on your last question on IT and screen sizes, I think at the end of the day, we don't expect it to have a big impact on the market. We agree, I think, IT is stronger than it has been over the last couple of years. But we still think that, you know, the units themselves, relatively flat, screen size relatively flat. So we just don't see it as a big contributor. Of course, we could be wrong about that. It may be a little bit of a positive contributor, but I think we would still end up in that range of mid-single digits in terms of the glass market.
Operator: And next we'll go to Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: I was wondering if you could dig down or help us a little bit on next year's or this year's Gorilla Glass outlook. First off, could you give us a sense for how you exited the year in terms of your mix of Gorilla Glass 5? And then, secondly, in terms of just the Gorilla Glass business, you mentioned a couple times now other Corning innovations that could help specialty materials. Can you give us some clues as to what track that could be on, whether it's the next generation of Gorilla Glass, or something totally different that we haven't heard about yet? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: Clearly, Gorilla Glass 5 adoption was strong in the fourth quarter. I'm not going to give you the percentage of what it was, but it was strong in the fourth quarter and we expect it to continue to accelerate as we go into 2017 and that's positive, both in terms of the volume itself and of the premium price. And that premium price clearly had a positive impact on our profitability in Q4. And it will continue to have an impact on our profitability in 2017.
Wendell Weeks: To the second part of your question, that really the core of it comes to, what we said is, we expect incredibly strong growth in quarter one and that we expect growth for the overall year. But we're not yet comfortable saying how much. And so you're asking really for some of the levers as you take a look at that. I think it's a really good question. What this comes down to is how much of our glass gets utilized per phone and how much of our innovations get utilized per phone. And this really depends on two things, how does a customer choose to use our innovations in their designs, as well as how do our innovations perform, relative to the requirements for that use case. And it's just a little too early for us to be certain how those decisions and launch dates will be impacting our revenues. Over the sweep of time, we're very confident in our ability to see strong growth in Gorilla. In any given quarter or any given year, what the actual product launch is and then the supply chain that is associated with that can make the actual predictability problematic, from too early in the year. This will become quite obvious, what is going to happen to us in the relatively near term and we'll provide better and clearer guidance for you, as our understanding of the situation clarifies.
Steven Fox: And then just a quick clarification, when you were talking about type fiber, you're specifically talking about the raw fiber production? And when you say you're investing, are you investing in new fiber towers, or just to have towers production that's mothballed that you're bringing online? Can you just be a little more specific on the investments there? Thank you very much.
Wendell Weeks: At this point in time, we find ourselves in the situation where customers are requesting more of all of our products than we currently have the manufacturing platform in place to support over the long term. So what you can expect from us in this year, as you heard from Tony's guidance, is you can expect us to have some capital expansions that we'll talk about in more detail at the appropriate time in optical communications, that we're going to need to put in place to support very strong customer commitments for long term acceleration in our revenue, in that business. So more to come as those agreements come into place and as our actual plans of our manufacturing footprint firm up.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton: I guess digging a little bit more into the optical side, Tony, is there any way you can help us understand what the growth rate for the year would be, if you normalized for acquisitions? And then for the snapback for manufacturing? And then going a little bit more, you talked, I believe, about fiber-to-the-home being a little stronger than perhaps hyperscale. Is there any geographic spread you could give us, from where you're seeing outside strength?
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think on the overall growth standpoint, it's always hard for us to know exactly the impact of the software implementation issue that we had. But I think if you were to adjust for that, you would still see growth in the double digits. And that same applies to acquisitions. The bottom line here is that we think that our position in this market and where we play in this market and the part of the market that is most important to us is growing very rapidly and we think it's seen a double-digit growth. In terms to fiber-to-the-home, clearly North America is a place where we see lots of fiber to the home growth.
Patrick Newton: And then I think looking at the biggest delta to your earnings relative to my estimate came from R&D. You talked about benefiting from a joint development payment. Just given the magnitude of the downtick relative to expectations, could you quantify that payment and maybe walk us through any information you can provide on the payment?
Tony Tripeny: The payment was with a customer and I'm not going to disclose what development work we were doing with that customer. And I'm also not going to disclose how much it is. But I think, you think relative to what your expectations were and the difference that explains most of it.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. One of the things that I think you're going to continue to see as part of our focused portfolio and our engagements with our customers, given our capability set, is that sometimes when they want us to solve an especially challenging problem and that they want some form of relatively unique access on an accelerated basis to our capabilities, we're going to ask them to share in that cost up front and so you just saw that playing out in a relatively significant way in the quarter. This has become a more standard practice for us. As it becomes more standard, I think it will be easier to model. But the core of it has to do with what we've been doing with our focus portfolio and our market access platforms.
Patrick Newton: And, Wendell, you just brought up the focus portfolio again. And as I think about your life sciences business, it wasn't really spoken about much in your prepared remarks. You've had some material progress coming from that business for a couple years now, but the growth really, since your Discovery Labware acquisition has been very low. So how does this business fit with your 3-4-5 core strategy?
Wendell Weeks: I think there's two elements to it. First of all, we continue to do better than all of our competition in that life science vessel market. So one of the key requirements to remaining in our portfolio is that management proves that being part of our portfolio allows us to lead that industry. So that part, I think that business unit and the way in which we have interacted with our capabilities, that has proven to be quite successful. The second part, though, is to remain in our portfolio basically we have to be able to either use the market access platform that you have, or to use your asset and capability set to support our other capabilities, or our other business units. That moment is still ahead of us in Life Sciences. It needs to do both and we're hoping to see strong progress on that in this year. You've heard us speak to what we're doing in a very vague way, to what we're doing in pharmaceutical packaging and that uses that platform. I think if that is very successful and we can basically reuse big hunks of that market access platform in life sciences, then we'll be delighted with what's in our portfolio. If not, we'll put that into our overall judgment of our portfolio as we do our normal reflection on what is the best way to maximize the value for our shareholders over the long term.
Operator: Our next question is from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: The question is on the auto glass business. Do you plan on reporting any additional metrics going forward, to help us better track and model progress in auto glass? And do we see auto glass as a major growth opportunity for the Company? And also when can we see Gorilla Glass going down market into mainstream cars? Would it be next year? And then also thoughts on carving out auto glass as a separate business unit, given its own culture and then associated sales and marketing, R&D to help scale the business? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: So to the core of your question is, when will key metrics be available to track our progress in the penetration into automotive glazing and interiors, so that this actually can become a more predictable -- or become a predictable growth driver for Corning. And then the second part of your question that I heard is if we break it into a different business unit. So let's take the second part first. We plan on reusing our automotive market access platform to service this market and basically to repurpose elements of our manufacturing and engineering platform that are already in place as part of our portfolio to serve this market. We'll develop market specialists, as well. But one of the things that reduces the cost of this innovation and increases the probability of success, is that ability to use our unique capability set to basically attack a market with existing resources. Augmented, of course, by specialists, right? And that's the way we're going to approach it. As to the metrics, I think it's too early for us to lay out that as you look at these metrics, this will become in this way a predictable growth driver. I think we need more penetration before we get to the point of the S curve that we'll be able to segment the market in some useful way for you, so that we give you more signal, as opposed to noise. What we look at internally is something very simple. It's winning customer platforms. To date, those platforms have been more in the high end of vehicles where they're trying to get the highest performance and are less cost sensitive. I think if it stays in that piece of the market, this will be a good but relatively small revenue opportunity. If, indeed, we can attack an every day car platform, as you are asking, this will become a very large growth platform for us. It's just too early to tell when that is going to happen. Do I think it's going to happen? Yes, sir. Do I know it's going to happen? Not yet, sir.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Clark with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Doug Clark: A two parter, first one is on the price declines in the display business. I think, Tony, you mentioned that 90% of volumes are contracted for all of 2017. Is that percentage higher than years in the past? And, secondly, related to that, the moderation versus 2016, does this imply a less than 10% year-over-year price decline for the full year? And then my second part question is also on the display business, but more so on the panel maker capacity fluctuations between LCD and OLED. It sounds like that's already factored into first quarter guidance and your expectations is that alleviates by the second half of the year. Is that the correct cadence that we should expect to see volumes pick back up, to the extent that there's any depressant are right now?
Tony Tripeny: So the answer to your second question is correct. That is the way that we expect it to play out. In terms of price declines and the amount of volume we have under contract, usually as we enter into the year, we have a high percentage under contract. So 90%, I think, was important for everybody to remember, that's the way this business works. And then relative to price declines more moderate, somewhere in the 10% range is how that would work out.
Doug Clark: And then one quick follow-up additionally is on FX. I'm wondering if you can provide either an update on expected constant currency rate for 2018 or when we should look for that detail?
Tony Tripeny: I think that when we entered into our exchange contracts originally in 2014, we said they would be for three years and that we would stay at a constant rate of 99%. We have hedged about 70% of our exposure from 2016 to 2022 at about a $1.06 rate, but we're not ready to talk about the constant rate for 2018 yet, in part because we're looking at either other opportunities for us to hedge and we're also looking at different ways that we might hedge, as opposed to the FX contracts that we're using today. So I think when we made the FX rate change previously, we did it towards the end of the year. And I think that's probably the timing when you would expect us to talk about it again, or maybe even at the beginning of 2018.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Todd. And, John, I'm afraid we're out of time for questions. Wendell, any closing comments?
Wendell Weeks: Let me just close out the call by reiterating that we're very pleased with the progress on our strategy and capital allocation framework, since we announced it. We believe we're creating significant value for our shareholders and we look forward to updating you on our framework progress and results throughout 2017. Thanks to everyone for listening.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Wendell and thank you all for joining us today. Before I close, I wanted to let everyone know that today's slide deck has an appendix that recaps some of the full-year data that you might find useful. Looking out to next month, we'll be meeting with investors at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 14 and the Morgan Stanley TMT conference on February 28. Please let us know if you'll be attending. Our annual Investor Day this year is scheduled for June 16 in New York City. We'll be sending out more details in the coming weeks. And, finally, a replay of today's call will be available on our site for one year starting later this morning. There's also a telephone replay available for the next two weeks and details are in today's news release. Once again, thank you all for joining us. John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc. Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc. R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.
Analysts: Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning, Incorporated Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Division Vice President of Investor Relations, Ann Nicholson. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Corning's third quarter 2016 conference call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures. Unless we specifically indicate, our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. We have slides posting live on our webcast to go with our formal comments, and they will be available on our website later this morning. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. As you saw in this morning's press release, we had a great third quarter. Sales and gross margins increased in every business segment year-over-year. We also grew the company's sales, net income and EPS, both sequentially and year-over-year. Core EPS was $0.42, up 14% sequentially and 24% year-over-year. On earlier calls, we told you that we expected our momentum to build steadily throughout 2016, and it has. For the fourth quarter, we expect, again, to see a year-over-year growth in sales, net income, and EPS. Our operating results and our progress on key growth initiatives continue to reinforce our confidence in Corning's strategy. On our earnings call one year ago, we introduced our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework. We design the framework to create significant value for shareholders by focusing our portfolio and leveraging our financial strength. The framework includes a commitment to delivering at least $12.5 billion to shareholders, while investing $10 billion in growth opportunities through 2019. As a reminder, we focus 80% of our portfolio on three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market-access platforms. We believe that this focus reduces the cost of innovation, increases our likelihood of success, and attracts some of the world's leading companies to our ecosystem, because they see how our unique expertise can help address some of their toughest challenges. We are very pleased with the progress on our framework. Since its introduction a year ago, we've gained traction with our customers on our growth initiatives, realigned our interest in Dow Corning and are on track to distribute $6 billion to shareholders by the end of 2016. Achievements on the framework this quarter include the launch of the $2 billion accelerated share repurchase, which we expect to conclude in the fourth quarter, significant new product introductions, and progress on several of our new growth initiatives. Let's look at a few examples. In our mobile consumer electronics market-access platform, our goal is to double sales despite the maturing of the IT and handheld markets. We do this primarily by introducing products that advance the state-of-the-art. This allows us to capture a price premium and to win in new places like wearables and phone backs. We introduced two of these innovative products during the third quarter, Gorilla Glass 5 and Gorilla Glass SR+. Gorilla Glass 5 has up to 1.8x better damage resistance than Gorilla Glass 4. And delivers up to 4x improvement in drop height to failure versus competitive glass designs. We are seeing superior drop performance translate into a meaningful price premium versus Gorilla Glass 4 and the opportunity to expand the use of Gorilla. Given that drop performance is the number one want from consumers, it's not surprising the traction at our customers has been strong. We are very pleased with the rate of adoption in just three months. Next, Gorilla Glass SR+ delivers an unparalleled combination of toughness, scratch resistance, and optical clarity for today's wearable devices. You'll find SR+ on the Samsung Gear 3 later this year. In our automotive market-access platform, we seek to build a gorilla sized automotive glass business and also to create a significant new business around gas particulate filters. Let's start with the automotive glass opportunity, where our excitement continues to grow. Previously, we focused most of our commentary on the advantages of Gorilla Glass for car windows. But designers of connected and autonomous vehicles are likely to dramatically increase the use of glass and touchscreens in auto interiors. Gorilla Glass provides a unique path to deliver curved designs cost-effectively, and creates a great new opportunity for us. Examples were featured recently at the Paris Auto Show inside the Renault Trezor concept car and also at the Faurecia booth in a curved, full-glass center console called Smart Pebbles. Both OEMs promoted their use of "ultra-tough Corning Gorilla Glass", and received significant media coverage. A reporter commented that the Trezor's dashboard is a big, curved OLED display made from Gorilla Glass that controls most car functions and possesses a design DNA that will be passed on to the French automaker's future models. Moving to gas particulate filters, or GPFs. You've seen major car manufacturers announce that they will equip vehicles with GPFs to meet the Euro VI regulation. We've won the majority of platforms awarded to-date, and we expect sales to begin ramping in 2017. As a reminder, no GPFs are used in commercially available vehicles today. Consistent with OEM announcements, we believe that GPFs will be required to control particulate emissions from gasoline direct injection engines. CDI engines offer both higher performance and better fuel economy and as a result, have grown to about a quarter of passenger car sales worldwide, with units growing in the high teens annually. We expect gas particulate filters to become a significant business for Corning. They offer the potential to increase our sales opportunity per vehicle by a factor of 3 to 4 with profitability similar to our current business. Today, sales of GPFs are insignificant. However, in line with our commitment to invest $10 billion in growth opportunities, our investment on GPF is ramping in tandem with customer commitments. So, you will see both cost on our P&L and capital expenditures in the near term as we seek to build another significant business within our automotive market-access platform. In our Optical Communications market-access platform, our goal is to grow at least twice as fast as telecom industry CapEx. We plan to do this by focusing on high-growth segments and by delivering integrative solutions that offer new levels of performance and reduce our customers' costs. Optical Communications is now a fully evolved example of our Focus 345 (11:17) portfolio. We began more than 40 years ago by leveraging our deep knowledge of optical physics, glass science and vapor deposition to disrupt the telecommunications industry with optical fiber. Over time, we increased our value-add by leveraging ceramics, extrusion, and precision forming. We're now working with customers on glass motherboards based on our fusion platform. Today, we are reaping the benefits of this unique combination of capabilities in segments like fiber-to-the- home and hyper-scale data centers. We're also seeing the benefits of our approach in the wireless arena. For example, in August, the Atlanta Falcons Chief Technology Officer announced that Atlanta's new Mercedes-Benz Stadium will use the Corning ONE platform as a single optical network core that integrates Wi-Fi, cellular and video. We will be providing 4000 miles of optical cable and 1400 Wi-Fi access points. Now, what gets me excited about wins like this is not the size, which is certainly impressive, but instead, it's that the skill sets underlying the Corning ONE platform are directly applicable to the emerging opportunities in 5G wireless. And more to come on innovations in this space. In summary, under the Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework, we are utilizing our financial strength both to return capital to shareholders and also to invest in growth through research and development, capital expansion, and M&A. Since we introduced the framework a year ago, we have returned a total of $5.6 billion to shareholders in dividends and buybacks, reducing outstanding shares by about 18% and increasing the dividend by 12.5%. We believe that our investments will allow us to deliver secular growth over the long term, while consistently returning significant sums to our shareholders. Tony will now provide a more detailed review of our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook. Tony?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. As we noted in today's press release, our Q3 core results reflected the sequential and year-over-year improvement we expected. We were very pleased with our strong operating performance. Sales and gross margins were up in every segment year-over-year and our net income and earnings per share were up significantly. Looking ahead, we see year-over-year sales, net income, and EPS growth in the fourth quarter. Before I get into the details of our core performance and outlook, I wanted to briefly note that the primary difference between our GAAP and core results for the third quarter is, again, a non-cash mark-to-market loss. As we have discussed previously, GAAP accounting requires earning translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at their current value in the current quarter, even though those contracts will not settle in the current quarter. Consequently, in this quarter, we marked our contracts to market again as required by GAAP resulting in a GAAP loss of $150 million. The loss in this quarter was significantly smaller than we saw in the first two quarters of the year because the yen exchange rates moved less. And to be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. We remain very pleased with the results of our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. Since the inception of this strategy, we have received cash totaling $1.2 billion under hedge contracts. These proceeds offset much of the currency related decline in Display's earnings due specifically to the weaker yen. At present, we have hedged approximately 70% of our projected yen exposure through 2022 at a blended rate of approximately JPY 106 per dollar. For investors who are concerned that a weakening yen would negatively impact our business, hedging, earnings and cash flow through 2022 substantially mitigates that concern. Now for investors who have additional questions, please refer to the more extensive discussion in our first and second quarter conference call or the tutorial on FX hedge accounting on the Digital Media Disclosure section of our Investor Relations website. And as always, Ann and her team are available after the call. Now let's turn to the results for the third quarter. As a reminder, these are core performance metrics. Sales in the quarter were $2.55 billion, up 4% versus last year and exceeding our expectations. The growth was driven largely by strong performance in Optical Communications. Corporate gross margin was 43%, on track with guidance and well ahead of last year. The year-over-year improvement largely reflected improved profitability in Optical Communications and good cost performance in Display. SG&A was 13% of sales at $328 million. RD&E costs were 7% of sales at $187 million. Total gross equity earnings were $19 million. Recall, we closed on the realignment of Dow Corning on May 31, so third quarter equity earnings predominantly reflect our equity earnings from Hemlock. And our effective tax rate for the quarter was 15%. Net income was $466 million, up 7% sequentially and 4% from last year's third quarter. Adjusting for the former Dow Corning's silicone's business equity earnings, which no longer contribute to our results, net income grew 16% on the 4% sales growth. This reflects our strong underlying financial performance. EPS was $0.42, up 24% versus last year and above expectations. Now let's turn to our balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the quarter with $4.8 billion of cash. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.4 billion worth of common shares outstanding. And adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was $721 million, up significantly over Q1 and Q2, as expected, and driven primarily by higher core net income. Now, consistent with history, we expect Q4 operating cash flow to be up sequentially. We expect the increase to be driven primarily by a reduction in working capital and other cash receipts. Now let's look at the detailed segment results and the outlook for each business, beginning with Display Technologies. Display had a very strong third quarter, exceeding our expectations. Looking ahead, we continue to expect the 2016 glass market and our volume to be up mid-single digits for the full year. As you would expect, there are a few puts and takes at retail versus our expectations. But the biggest driver of the growth remains TV screen size, which is tracking solidly to be more than 1.5 inches of year-over-year growth. In the third quarter, the set makers pulled very hard for panels ahead of the Q4 peak retail season. Our customers, the panel makers, increased their utilizations to meet this demand, which resulted in additional sequential growth for the glass market. The glass market was up high single digits sequentially versus our expectations that the glass market would be up mid-single-digits sequentially. Our glass volume was up slightly more than the glass market due to customer mix. For the ninth consecutive quarter, the decline in LCD glass pricing remained moderate and met the expectations we noted last quarter. These drivers produced the strong results for our Display business in the third quarter, with sales up 7% and net income up 14% sequentially. And forward-looking weeks of supply chain inventory remain at a healthy level and panel maker inventories remain lean. As I already said, we expect the 2016 glass market and our volume will be up mid-single digits for the full year. In the fourth quarter, we expect panel maker utilization to remain high and glass supply to remain tight. So we could see Q4 glass volume consistent with Q3. But in light of the third quarter upside, it only follows that our fourth quarter volume may be down slightly. Therefore, while our overall guidance for the year remains unchanged, our guidance for the fourth quarter glass volume is consistent to down slightly sequentially. And we will watch this closely as the quarter unfolds. In the fourth quarter, we expect LCD glass prices to decline moderately and be more moderate than Q3. And we expect that the moderate pricing environment we've experienced over the last nine quarters will continue or even improve for two reasons. First, we monitor utilization, in-market demand and other market factors very closely, and all of those indicate the glass supply should remain tight for the balance of the year and into 2017, especially in large gem (22:51) sizes as a result of the strong TV demand. We will manage our operating capacity to our demand and maintain our stable share strategy. And second, our competitors' profitability is low. Even though prices declines have been moderate for two years now, their profitability has remained low during that period. Therefore, we expect that their price declines will slow down further as they try to remain profitable. For these and other reasons, we continue to believe that sequential pricing will be better for us going forward. Let's move to Optical Communications. Overall, we are pleased with the growth in Optical Communications in the third quarter and expect strong growth again in Q4. Third quarter sales were $795 million, up 6% versus last year, with fiber-to-the-home very strong. While our growth in Optical Communications was strong on an absolute basis, we missed our own guidance because growth in hyper-scale data center projects was below expectations. Note that our sales for our large hyper-scale data center range from $5 million-$10 million, so delay of a single project can reduce total segment growth by more than 1 percentage point. We remain well positioned to capture secular long-term growth in the hyper-scale segment. Net income at $98 million was up 38% over last year. Improved manufacturing cost and favorable shift towards sales of our solution products contributed to the higher year-over-year profitability. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales to grow in the high single digits year-over-year, led by continued fiber-to-the-home strength. We expect hyper-scale sales to continue growing faster than overall Optical Communications segment, but at a rate lower than we anticipated earlier in the year. In Environmental, Q3 sales were up 3% versus last year and slightly ahead of expectations. Sales of light-duty substrates for auto were a record, up 17% year-over-year, driven by continued strong demand in North America, Europe, and China and additional platform mix. This strength was offset by continued weakness for heavy-duty products in North America and China. Note, we expect the market for heavy-duty trucks in North America to be down 30% this year. Net income declined $3 million year-over-year, in line with our expectations. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales to be down low single digits versus Q4 last year, as weakness continues in the heavy-duty truck markets. Let's move to Specialty Materials, where both sales and net income were ahead of our expectations. Year-over-year, Q3 sales increased 2% and net income was consistent. Compared to the second quarter, Q3 sales grew 11%, while net income was impacted by ramp-up costs associated with the launch of new products and customer mix. With the majority of the launch spend behind us, we expect fourth quarter profitability to improve. Earlier, Wendell noted that we introduced Gorilla Glass 5 and Gorilla Glass SR+ in the third quarter. Just last week, Chinese OEM, OPPO, announced Gorilla Glass 5 on its R9s and R9s Plus smartphones. And you can expect to see them on additional devices in the coming months. Volume growth of Gorilla Glass is expected to drive the high single-digit year-over-year sales growth we expect for the segment in the fourth quarter. In Life Sciences, Q3 sales were $214 million and met our expectations for low-single digit growth. Net income was $21 million. And we expect Q4 sales to be up low-single digits versus last year. Now I'll cover additional items in our fourth quarter outlook. On a consolidated basis, we expect our fourth quarter gross margins to be consistent with Q3 at 43%, which is up 1 percentage point from last year's fourth quarter. Our view reflects the higher sales we expect in Optical Communications and year-over-year cost reductions in Display. SG&A and RD&E spending should be approximately 14% and 8% of sales, respectively. And we expect other income/other expense to be a net expense of approximately $40 million. Now we expect total gross equity earnings to be between $75 million and $85 million. This is higher than some analysts were modeling, driven by higher sales from Hemlock's solar business as customers complete their annual contract commitments. Versus last year, Hemlock's contributions to our net income is expected to be up $10 million to $15 million. And we expect our effective tax rate for 2016 to be approximately 15% Let me close by saying that we are very pleased with the strong sequential and year-over-year growth in sales and earnings in the third quarter, and we expect similarly strong year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. Other than Optical Communications, all of our businesses met or exceeded expectations. While we do not expect Optical Communications to grow quite as fast as our prior guidance for the back half of the year, we are still delighted with high single digit growth and believe that we remain well positioned to continue growing more than twice the rate of the overall telecom industry. Stepping back, our performance demonstrates the benefits of the Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework introduced last fall. Under that framework, we expect to generate more than $26 billion through 2019. We will invest $10 billion to grow and sustain our leadership. We also plan to distribute more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders and we will have returned $6 billion by year-end. We are focusing our portfolio to increase our probability of success, reduce the cost of innovation, and increase the barriers to entry for our competition, and we have a rich set of growth opportunities. Overall, we feel very good about where we are. With that, let's move to Q&A. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Tony. Greg, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Okay. Your first question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Vijay, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, hello?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Hi, Vijay. You've got the line open, buddy.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Sorry, I was on mute. My apologies. So solid results here. My question honestly is on the Optical business and on hyper-scale cloud demand. Like to get your clarity on how should we model and think about cloud customer demand heading into the next quarter and also into fiscal 2017? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: So from an overall standpoint, obviously we were disappointed in the third quarter because it wasn't quite as strong as we had expected. We were still up on a year-over-year basis, and as we move into Q4, it's also not going to be quite as strong as we expected. Again, it will be up year-over-year, but it won't be quite as strong as we expected. So our guidance of being up high-single digits reflect that.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: And I think the way to think about it is, boy, it's hard to call within a couple of percent because just a couple of these hyper-scale data centers moving from one quarter to the next or changing in their overall build plan can really move those percents around a lot. But over the sort of the sweep of time, we feel good about our position there, and if you are a believer, as we are, that there's going to be a lot more hyper-scale data centers built, then we're going to grow with that. Calling the exact timing of these construction projects is not the easiest thing to do, as we just demonstrated.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So a quick follow-on would be, could we still anticipate the cloud customers directionally to be kind of a key growth driver for the Optical business, or is it quite lumpy, you don't know, and we should kind of focus more on fiber-to-the-home? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Well, I think that depends on what you like best, right? So, I think, definitely this is an area that's going to be a key growth driver. Is it going to be uniform and smooth? No. But then again, fiber-to-the-home also can have these projects related flows. So, in general, we look at both as being two megatrends that are going to drive demand for our product and also where our market-access and our shares are quite strong. So I think both of those are worth paying attention to, Vijay.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Yeah, solid results overall.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Clark from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First one is on the glass business. You mentioned in the prepared remarks tight glass supply in the fourth quarter, but volume still being flat to down slightly. Does that set-up for 2017 where we're in an environment where inventories are still fairly low and we could see further restocking?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. So I think as we look out at inventories right now, we think that the value chain inventories are healthy and set makers clearly are counting on a strong Q4 retail season and they've been pulling hard on the panel makers and we've seen that, and we continue to see high glass supply. And we think that's going to continue throughout the fourth quarter. So, if set makers are right about the retail season, we feel pretty good about how we enter into next year. And right now, we're right at the beginning of that retail season, and so it's always the hardest time to know and be able to predict, but we're all paying very close attention to that.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That makes sense. On pricing as well, I think you talked about an additional moderation in pricing in the fourth quarter. We've gotten the question, I'm just kind of curious on your opinions on this, has the FX environment in any way impacted your discussions over pricing, particularly into the beginning of the year? And then second question and slightly unrelated, but in the Gorilla Glass business, any impact from the Note 7 recall, knowing that that was a Gorilla Glass 5 product?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Sure. Let me start with the answer on from a yen standpoint. Clearly, the yen from a customer standpoint does have an impact, and of course, customers always ask for lower prices when we're having discussions with them. But I think when you think about it from an overall standpoint, the yen fluctuations can be pretty temporary, and we've seen now two quarters where the yen's been stronger and prices have been moderate. So we don't think it has a big impact. In terms of from a Note 7 standpoint, of course, you know you never want to see a customer have an issue like that, but from an overall standpoint, we sell into the – that Note 7s into the premium handheld market, and it just depends on what people who are going to buy that buy instead. And as long as they buy a premium phone, of course, we have very high share on the premium phones, and of course, the Note 7, even though it was a premium part of Samsung's devices, it's not the biggest handheld that they sell. So from an overall standpoint, we don't see a really big impact there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Wolf from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on the Optical side. First, just a quick housekeeping. Were the issues from the – earlier in the year completely resolved at this point? And then as a follow-up, is there any distinction between what we would call the public cloud and the private cloud as you think about either lumpiness, opportunity, or the direction or timing of spend right now? And if bandwidth is still growing, are we just looking at timing issues in Optical?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yes, I think the fundamental answer is yes, we're just looking at timing issues in Optical. In terms of the computer issues that we had at the beginning of the year, we clearly got back to full production at the end of the second quarter. There's still some backlog that we're working through, but from a production standpoint, we're running full-out in that business, just as we said we were going to.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: The short answer, Joseph, to both of your questions is yes.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And is there any difference between public and private cloud appetite to spend right now?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: It's so hard to tell the difference because some of the public cloud players are also big private cloud players, so as an equipment manufacturer into it, I don't know that we're the best ones to ask. We can't tell which – what you're using our fiber and connector for, and whether you're doing public or your own private cloud.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Just one last follow-up. You mentioned 5G on the Corning ONE platform. Are cable vendors at all already looking at that for widespread Wi-Fi coverage outside of stadiums? Is that an opportunity that connects up to the fiber-to-the-home story?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Now are you asking about ONE or are you asking about 5G or are you asking about medium power wireless?
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm asking – I guess on the way to 5G when you look at some of the cable vendors looking for ubiquitous Wi-Fi, is this a product that also can sell into that?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So far where we've been focusing ONE – you ask an excellent question – is in those areas where you want very intense and high bandwidth and low latency applications, so that tends to be where you bring an awful lot of users together in one area. So that's been the focus of our development because we think if you look longer-term in wireless and longer-term at things like 5G, the critical thing to drive new applications will be that combination of high bandwidth and low latency. Those are the apps that get exciting, and that's what's shaped our efforts in wireless to not be a me-too player, but instead set a platform that would have real legs over time. So you're right, ultimately, you can see this type of approach spreading because it's the same conceptual framework for what you have to do to get low latency, high bandwidth systems. Whether or not cable TV will be a strong adopter here or not, I'm not so sure that I would know the answer to that.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I wanted to – I just wanted to start with Specialty again. The guidance is about 6% below what we were expecting, and I think if I remember right, your guidance was weak last quarter as well. And I wanted to get a feeling for whether that is a demand expectation, just overall market demand that's weak, or is there something going on with lower content? Can you just give me a little bit of more color on what's going on with Specialty and why that guidance is a little bit weak? And then I also wanted to come back to Display. The – I think, Tony, your comments suggested that you guys are maybe being pretty cautious on guidance there. It sounds like demand was pretty good in Q3, but you're still guiding for a little bit weaker than expected Q4. So I just wonder, are you guys less confident on demand than the retailers or the panel makers, or just give me a little bit of more color on what you're thinking on Display. I guess overall, I'm trying to get some understanding of what you guys are thinking about in-market consumer demand. Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Okay. Let's start with Display, and then we'll go to Specialty. In Display, I think, Rod, you've read us pretty well in that if we were to believe what our customers are saying and what the set makers seem to be preparing for, then our guidance may be a little conservative. At the same time, we have a view of the full-year demand for glass that hasn't changed. So more glass was bought in quarter three than what we expected. So therefore, our arithmetic tells us that we ought to have a little bit lower in quarter four. Which of these things ends up being right I think is hard to tell, and that's why you hear our guidance of the sort of flat to down some, and if the set makers are right, you'd expect the very strong performance we've seen in quarter three to carry forward beautifully into quarter four. If we're right that the total glass market is what it is we think it is, then arithmetically there needs to be a correction. Whether it's in quarter four this year or quarter one in the next, that's hard for us to tell. So I think you read us pretty well. Does that answer that question, Rod?
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, that's helpful, Wendell. Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: On Specialty, we're expecting sort of high-single digit growth in quarter four, and that's pretty much in-line with what it is we were thinking about. You could make a case for higher, as you may have, and you can make a case for lower. But I don't see anything systemically going on, net our sort of momentum has been building. Tony answered the Note 7 question with basically it's too early to tell for sure. And you can make a case, as I think you may even have, Rod, of how much glass is used on one device versus another, and that's all solid logic. It's just, there's just so much stuff that goes on in that supply chain. Even though your logic is really sound, it's hard for us to draw a direct line once we start trying to guess which – what a consumer of a phone buys next. But your logic is sound.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Wendell, can I just get you to...
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Sure.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: What do you think about just broader in-market demand in smartphones? Do you think that it's a little bit weaker than you would have anticipated, or sort of in-line with what you think? I'm just curious what you think there.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: I think it's when you ask me when, right? So I think overall, if you had asked me at the beginning of the year, I probably would have been a little more bullish on demand. And now we pretty much look at this market over time as being pretty darn mature, right? And so, the secret for us to double our revenues here has got to be innovations that drive up our price point and make it possible to use the glass in new ways on the phone. So if we can double the amount of glass usage on a phone because we've improved drop so much, that can allow us to keep growing our revenues, despite what we see is a pretty mature mobile market. Does that answer your question, Rod?
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, it does. Thank you very much, Wendell. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Newton from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, good morning, Wendell and Tony. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to switch gears and talk a little bit about automotive. You had some commentary around autonomous vehicles driving interior demand in your prepared remarks. So I'm curious if this is a shift away from a focus on windows to interiors, or is this purely additive to the story? And then from a targeted timeframe of the $1 billion in automotive by 2020, is that still the right revenue level and the right timeframe?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: I'll do the first one and I'll let Tony do the second. If Tony is foolish enough to predict revenues in a brand-new innovation, we'll let him do that as CFO. So it is truly additive. When we launched our first automotive work a number of years ago and as friends of ours pulled us in to try to disrupt the automotive industry, really it was both aspects, both the exterior glazing as well as car interiors. And all you're seeing now is a lot of excitement is getting built up around the interiors and that – you're just hearing a lot more buzz about what we're doing there. But both remain really important. Both can be similar size markets, and so we're really aggressively pursuing both of them. I think in both areas, you'll see us break through. We'll get revenues in both areas, right, and are already experiencing that. How big it will be, that we just don't know yet. We just don't know, unless Tony wants to make a guess. Tony?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: I do not.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: All right. So I guess shifting gears, Tony, you spoke to some one-time Hemlock buys possibly impacting 4Q. We have some noise surrounding kind of the Dow Corning transaction. So can you help us understand what a more normalized equity earnings line should look like in 2017? And is roughly $80 million annually plus or minus the right way to think about 2017 equity earnings potential?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, we're not giving guidance on 2017, but I think in general, that's right. What you have to remember about Hemlock is is that a lot of their volume is under contract and so the cycles of – the timing will depend on when the customers meet those contracts. And historically, if you go back over the last four or five years, that's been primarily in the fourth quarter. Sometimes it moves to the third quarter a little bit and the like, but in general, it's in the fourth quarter. And so I think somewhere in the $80 million to $100 million range is right.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And then just on the Optical Communications side and the hyper-scale commentary, is there anything – I guess just given that every check seems to be pointing to a very hot market in general, but still understanding lumpiness, is there anything in particular you can point to? Is there ongoing shifts from 40G to 100G at main customers? Are you seeing constraints elsewhere in the supply chain that maybe are preventing you from generating better growth, or is there any comment you can make on AFOP? Was the slowdown more pervasive with that acquisition?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: No, I think that right now, we've got a signal-to-noise sort of issue. There's nothing we've seen so far that's telling us that the signal ought to be fundamentally different than the sort of logic that you've laid out. We think the same things. We think there's a good amount of noise level around that signal. Timing, different architectures being tried in one place versus another, what does their supply chain inventory look like? Did they buy our product perhaps before they buy storage product, right? That there's all these things that I'm not so sure yet that we are able to look forward and say, let me deconvolve all that noise; this is what's going to happen. I think we'll get better at it as the business continues to scale, and as we get better at it, we'll give you better tools to understand it. But there's nothing we're seeing right now that takes us off your fundamental logic. We'll keep working to get better sensing capabilities. That make sense?
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, but in – is AFOP any different or are any one of your more recent acquisitions?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: No.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: No? All right.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: No, no.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you for taking my questions. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. On the Gorilla Glass mix, I think you mentioned that Gorilla Glass 5 is off to a really good start. I think in the last few months you've talked about Gorilla Glass 4 becoming the largest percentage of the unit sales. So I was wondering if you could sort of reset where that mix is today and how it plays out net with the Gorilla Glass 5 ramping? And then I had a follow-up.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: Well, I think Gorilla Glass 4 is still the largest part of what we ship and our Gorilla Glass 5 is just starting. It's had a more successful launch than we had of Gorilla Glass 4, and we're on some devices, you know, I had mentioned one that we announced last week, and there'll be more coming up in this quarter. So I think as time goes on, you're going to continue to see that Gorilla Glass 5 is going to become a bigger part of the mix. And then from a pricing standpoint, that's good, from a profitability standpoint, that's good.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: And do you think that there's a path to Gorilla Glass 5 eventually becoming a majority of the unit sales, or is it too high-end to think of that in the next year or so?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: I just think it's too early to tell. There is that potential because it's a very unique product that's really competitively advantaged. So that's possible. I think that's possible. And – but it's just a little early for us to tell. Let's get another quarter underneath our belt. It's only – we've only had it out there for a few months. Give us a few more months, and then hit us with the question again, okay, Steve?
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: That's fair. And then just lastly, another Gorilla Glass question just in terms of increasing your content or actually doubling your content per device. Can you sort of give us some road marks in terms of where you're at now? Did you actually see some significant progress in this this quarter, or would we think of that slope maybe picking up next quarter or quarter after? Any help there would be appreciated.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So I think the two areas to think about doubling our overall revenue in this space is introducing higher price point products that perform better, and you saw us in this last quarter introduce two of them, right? And then – and take-up on GG 5s made us feel good, and that's definitely going to help. The other piece is increasing the amount of glass utilized both in – on phones as well as other apps like wearables, and those performance improvements that we've announced on GG 5 that previously on GG4 certainly have shifted the design conversation towards a desire to use all-glass enclosures or to use more glass per enclosure. It's too early to tell how those design conversations turn into product sets. And – but it's without doubt our improving performance is enabling designers to think about the product in a different way. Just think about it this way. If you think it's likely the material is going to break if it's dropped on asphalt, then you probably aren't going to double the amount of that material and put it on both fronts and backs. If you think it is unlikely that that happens, and GG 5 certainly makes it less likely, right, and other products we're working on will make it less likely still, then that opens up the potential to consider that type of design choice. But still too early to bank it. It's our strategic desire; we're making progress, but way too early to declare victory. Okay.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: No, that's very helpful. Appreciate the color. Thanks, again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stanley Kovler from Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just have one question on the Environmental business and then a follow-up on Display. So on Environmental, as we look out into 2017 and we have the European regulation that's driving the gas particulate filter opportunity, do you see that as more of a second half opportunity, given that the timing of the regulation kicks in, in the latter half of the year? Or should we expect a build-up in the first half as well as product launches get going?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: I think it's mostly going to be a second half opportunity.
Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. And then on Display, as we think about the panel customer capacity heading into 2017 and just a tight capacity that they have for this year, is there an opportunity for them to start building earlier in the year for next year because a number of the panel makers are shifting capacity to OLED? And given where supply tightness is right now, they would like to maybe build up in advance? And how would that impact your retail demand outlook into 2017 if panel capacity demand remains tight and shifting away from LCD to OLED for smartphones and other products? Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: I'm not so sure it would really change what we would think about from a retail demand standpoint. But it certainly would have a difference relative to cycling and when people would start building for various retail peak seasons, including the fourth quarter season. So, yeah, I think we're not here to talk about 2017. But I think when we do talk about 2017 and we look at the cycle in 2017, it's likely to be a little bit different than what we've seen in the past, for that reason.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Yeah. And Stan, I think that's a really, I haven't thought about it quite that way. I think that's a good question. And I think you're right to bring up the, to the extent that people do the P-OLED by adding new panel capacity then that doesn't impact any of the dialog to the extent that they take out existing panel capacity, then to put in place the new capacity. Your question could impact the behavior at that micro level. So let us think a little more about that. As we step back and think about P-OLED overall, as you've heard us speak before, we look at this as a net positive for us on volume because our share is so high on P-OLED relative to the LTPS product that it is replacing. On the dynamic that you're discussing, if we had a customer where we have an above-average market share that takes out capacity, then that could impact us for a temporary time period until the whole thing rebalances for about one or two share points. Similarly, if we have a customer that has below our average market share and they take out capacity, we can see a gain that would be temporary for a while until the whole industry rebalances. But how that whole dynamic works its way through, I think we've got to do a little bit better job explaining, and we'll do that as we get a little closer to next year, Stan.
Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I appreciate it. And if I could just quickly follow up on the OLED opportunity for next year. For some of the product cycles on potential new products that will have OLED, and you referenced your high share, when do the lead time start for you to actually build and get revenue for potential second-half product cycles next year on the P-OLED opportunity referenced? Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So we'll start pretty early, Stan. But I think what's really important to keep in mind is the total glass demand for P-OLED is going to be like 1% of the overall glass market for the next couple of years. So we agree it's exciting tack. That's why we've been investigating in it for four or five years and that's why our share position is really strong. But as far as seeing it in our financials, I don't think you're going to see it, buddy. That make sense? You still there?
Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Appreciate it. Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Okay.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Greg, we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of George Notter from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Thanks a lot guys for squeezing me in. I guess I wanted to go back to the Optical business and your comments about hyper-scale customers. I guess my impression on your Optical business is that the dominant variable there is really your ability to ramp up and create additional capacity and supply. And so I'm a bit confused about the comments about the hyper-scale customers causing a little bit more, I guess, softer trends there. I would assume that given how supply constrained you've been, that extra supply would have been sopped up somewhere else. Any thoughts on that?
R. Tony Tripeny - Corning, Inc.: So, I think from an overall standpoint as we looked into going into the quarter, we expected a certain amount to actually go to those hyper-scale customers. And basically what happened is that those customers ordered less than what we had originally projected, and although a lot of our capacity is fungible, on a very micro level, there wasn't someplace else we could move some of that capacity to.
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: So in macro, you're right. In micro, if you expect to sell a product and you make it, then you've used that capacity. So but in macro, you're right. Over the fullness of time, we are net capacity constrained here, which is why we're adding capacity. So over the sweep of time, it will all turn into revenue, but it's really important to make the right thing that will particular quarter come out.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Great. Okay. That's the end of our questions. Wendell, you have some closing comments?
Wendell P. Weeks - Corning, Inc.: Let me just close out the call by emphasizing we're really pleased with our progress on our framework since we announced it a year ago. We've gained traction with our customers on our growth initiatives. We have a long way to go, but we're making progress. We realigned our interest in Dow Corning and we returned approximately $6 billion to shareholders by year-end is what we anticipate to do. We are also creating significant value for our shareholders along the way. Thanks, everyone, for listening. We look forward to updating you on our framework progress and results throughout the rest of the quarter and year.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Corning, Inc.: Thank you, Wendell, and thank you, all for joining us today. Wanted to let everyone know that we will be meeting with investors at the Credit Suisse Conference in Scottsdale in late November. Let us know if you're going to be there. Also, the web replay of today's call will be available on our website for one year starting later this morning. And at 11:00 a.m. today, you will be able to access the telephonic playback by dialing 800-475-6701, access code 403563. The telephone replay will be available until 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday, November 8. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Corning, Incorporated quarter two 2016 earnings results. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Cynthia, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's second quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at Corning. We have slides posting live on our webcast to accompany our formal comments, and they will be available on our website later this morning. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. As you saw on this morning's press release, second quarter results exceeded our expectations, with core EPS up 32% sequentially to $0.37. We told you coming into this year that we expected the first quarter to be the weakest and that momentum would build throughout the year. We still expect that to be the case. We're very encouraged by our second quarter improvement and we are confident that we will see both sequential and year-over-year growth in sales and EPS in the third quarter. Tony will discuss our results in detail, but before he does, I want to offer some color on the great progress we're making against the strategy and capital allocation framework we announced last October. You'll recall that our priorities are to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength to grow, return cash to our shareholders and create significant value. No doubt, a highlight of our second quarter progress was closing the realignment of our interest in Dow Corning. In that transaction we exchanged Corning's 50% interest in Dow Corning Corporation for 100% of a subsidiary that holds an equity interest in Hemlock and approximately $4.8 billion in cash. The $4.8 billion is approximately 30 times the equity earnings from Dow Corning's silicones business, unlocking tremendous value for our shareholders. Our continued ownership interest in Hemlock allows us to catch a potential upside from a rebound in the solar market, while also providing market insight and access for our semiconductor innovation programs. Notably, the realignment was a significant milestone in delivering on our strategy to focus 80% of our resources on our three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. We are also making steady progress on other aspects of our focused portfolio strategy. Let's take a look at a few examples. We continue to leverage our competitive advantages and strong customer relationships in Display to stabilize returns and deliver new innovations that increase our revenue per display. In May, our Iris Glass earned a Display Component of the Year award at SID for enabling thinner displays with lower color shift. This technology replaces plastic light guide plates, adding a third piece of glass to large edge-lit TVs. And I'm very pleased with the additional commercial transaction that we're gaining on this product. In the automotive space, we are reapplying our core technologies and reusing our manufacturing assets to assist manufacturers looking toward connected cars and tighter regulations. Gorilla Glass for Auto is a great example. It is 30% lighter than traditional auto glass, offers important safety advantages, and provides a superior surface for head-up displays. In April we presented a joint paper at SAE with Ford that demonstrated Gorilla Glass for Auto is two times to three times stronger in rock strikes with reduced spalling hazards, versus soda lime glass. I'm very much looking forward to reporting more on this topic in the future. Our efforts to lead in gas particulate filters also advanced during the quarter. Remember that if adopted, this technology increases our revenue by three times to four times for gasoline direct injection engines. The exciting news for us is that both Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz announced that they will equip vehicles with gas particulate filters beginning as early as 2017. And we won several new GPF platforms in quarter two. In mobile consumer electronics, we just announced a new member of the Corning Gorilla Glass family, Gorilla Glass 5. It has up to 1.8 times better damage resistance than Gorilla Glass 4, and delivers up to four times improvement in drop height to failure versus competitive glass designs. We expect this superior drop performance to translate into a meaningful price premium versus Gorilla Glass 4, and to expand the use of Gorilla. Given that drop performance is the number one want from consumers, it's not surprising that traction at our customers has been strong. We should be hearing announcements from them in the near future. In the growing Optical Communications market, we closed on the acquisition of Alliance Fiber Optic Products, bolstering our presence in the high-growth cloud data center market. This acquisition supports our optical market access platform by accelerating our co-innovation strategy and adding new products. We see it strengthening our ability to deliver high-value optical solutions in network operations worldwide. We also announced a separate investment in a small company, Versalume, to commercialize our Fibrance light-diffusing fiber. Fibrance combines Corning's strengths in glass, optical physics, and fiber manufacturing, but its benefits extend beyond Corning's current market focus. Versalume will enable Fibrance technology to quickly get into the hands of designers and customers in architecture, auto lighting, medical devices, athletic apparel, aerospace, and other industries seeking to solve difficult lighting challenges. Versalume demonstrates one way that we can keep our focus on the core 3, 4, 5 portfolio while still extending the impact of Corning innovation to new markets. Those projects illustrate just some of the ways that we will invest $10 billion under the strategy and capital allocation framework. We believe the investments will produce significant sales growth by extending our leadership in existing markets and positioning us to win in new markets. Let's turn to the second part of our strategy and capital allocation framework, utilizing our financial strength. We updated the framework in June to recognize significant progress across multiple fronts, including the closing of the Dow Corning transaction. We now expect to generate and deploy more than $26 billion through 2019, up from our previous plan to deploy more than $22 billion. Notably, we raised the lower bound of our commitment to shareholder returns to $12.5 billion through 2019, up from $10 billion. Cumulatively, since October, we've already returned $3 billion under the framework, including $810 million in share repurchases during the second quarter. Today, we are announcing our intention to execute a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase, which will approximately offset the EPS impact from the loss of Dow Corning's silicones earnings. So to summarize, we are making solid progress delivering on our new framework, which is designed to deliver secular growth while consistently returning significant sums to our shareholders. We are utilizing our financial strength to invest in our focused portfolio and drive that growth. We have raised our planned cash distributions to shareholders to more than $12.5 billion, which is equivalent to about half of Corning's current market capitalization. We look forward to launching our new $2 billion ASR tomorrow. Now I'll turn the call over to Tony, who will review our second quarter results and third quarter outlook. Tony?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. As we noted in today's press release, our Q2 core results reflect the sequential improvement we expected across most of our businesses and building momentum for a strong second half. We were particularly pleased with our strong operating results, including the strong sequential sales and profit growth in Optical Communications and Display's moderate price declines and strong sequential volume growth. In Optical Communications, cable production levels recovered during the second quarter from the first quarter software implementation issue. Combined with strong demand, the recovery resulted in sequential sales growth for Optical, up 28%, which was even better than the guidance we provided in April. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the further sequential and year-over-year growth we see in the third quarter. Now before I get into the details of our core performance and outlook, I want to briefly point to the two primary drivers between our GAAP and core results for this quarter. First, our GAAP net income includes a $2.7 billion non-taxable gain on the strategic realignment of our ownership interest in Dow Corning. Second, similar to the first quarter, this quarter's GAAP results were affected by a $791 million non-cash mark-to-market loss that reflects the required accounting treatment for our currency hedge contracts. I'd like to provide a bit of context. As you know, we sell LCD glass in yen, and a one-point move in the exchange rate affects our net income and cash flow translation by about $23 million annually at the current exchange rate. As you also know, we have currency hedge contracts, predominantly in yen, to mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on our earnings and cash flow. By hedging, we increase the predictability of our results and our confidence that we can achieve our financial goals. We are very pleased with the results of our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. Since the inception of this strategy, we have settled hedge contracts and received cash totaling $1.1 billion that offset much of the decline in displaced earnings due specifically to the weaker yen. In January we increased our hedge coverage, which further reduced our risk and increased our confidence in achieving our financial goals. We have hedged approximately 70% of our projected yen exposure through 2022 at a blended rate of approximately 106 yen per dollar. For any investor who was worried that a weakening yen could negatively impact our business, hedging earnings and cash flow through 2022 substantially mitigates that concern. Now let's move from the economic impact of our hedging program to GAAP accounting. As we discussed in detail last quarter, GAAP requires earning translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be marked to market and recorded at their current value in the current quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. In other words, under GAAP accounting, each quarter we are required to revalue all of our existing contracts at the current quarter end forward rate and record the difference in value from the prior quarter end through the P&L as an unrealized gain or loss. This requirement results in significant GAAP earnings volatility if the exchange rate changes from quarter to quarter. Given the size of our hedge portfolio, these adjustments can be large. For example, in Q3 and Q4 of 2014, we had large unrealized non-cash gains of $431 million and $410 million respectively, primarily due to the weakening yen. In the first quarter this year, the yen sharply strengthened, driving a $599 million unrealized non-cash mark-to-market loss. Macroeconomic factors, including concern around Brexit, caused further fluctuation in the yen exchange rate, and overall it strengthened again over the second quarter, which was the primary factor in the $791 million mark-to-market loss. Our GAAP results will continue to see this volatility when the yen rate moves. To be clear, this GAAP accounting has no impact on our cash flow in the quarter. Actual cash flow in any quarter is determined by the amount of hedge contracts we settle in any given quarter. Our contracts are designed so that the cash received or paid on the contracts substantially offset the change in Display's translated yen earnings and cash flow in that quarter. Our core reporting convention is designed to convey this matching and to simplify comparisons of underlying business trends. For investors who have additional questions, there is a tutorial on FX hedge accounting on the Digital Media Disclosures section of our Investor Relations website. And as always, Ann and her team are available after the call. Now let's turn to the results for the second quarter. As a reminder, these are core performance metrics. Sales in the quarter were $2.4 billion, up sequentially from $2.2 billion in Q1, and exceeding our expectations, driven by Optical Communications. Corporate gross margin was 43%, up more than 200 basis points sequentially and better than our guidance. The uptick reflected the added volume in Optical Communications. SG&A was 14% of sales at $342 million, as expected. RD&E costs were flat sequentially and versus last year at $192 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 15%, as guided. Net income was $434 million, up almost $100 million from Q1, and EPS was $0.37 and above expectations. Now let's look at the detailed segment results, beginning with Display Technologies. In the second quarter, the display market and our performance tracked with our observations in April. You may recall that in the first quarter, panel makers lowered utilization, which allowed the supply chain to reduce inventory. Glass demand was down sequentially and year over year. We expected panel makers to increase utilization in Q2 to meet demand for the second half retail season and for glass demand to grow, and that's what we saw in industry dynamics in recent months. At retail, sell-through data through May showed demand tracking to our overall expectations for glass area growth of 8% to 10% in 2016. Panel prices across most TV sizes increased, and panel makers turned up utilization rates to meet demand for the second quarter. Weeks of inventory in the supply chain ended the quarter at a healthy level. Glass supply and demand remains balanced and our share is stable. As a result of these and other factors, our volume returned to year-over-year growth and was up high single digits sequentially. Price declines were moderate, as expected. These dynamics inform our belief that we will see year-over-year volume growth continue in the second half, and that moderate pricing environment we've experienced over the last eight quarters will continue or even improve, which is good for Corning. Second quarter sales and net income in Display were up 6% sequentially, driven by the stronger volume. Let's move to Optical Communications. Results snapped back from the first quarter due to strong demand and the return to full production in our cabling facilities towards the end of the quarter. Q2 sales were $782 million, up 28% sequentially and better than we expected. Net income at $86 million was more than triple the first quarter. We are very pleased to be at full production and continue to work hard to meet our commitments to customers. In Environmental, Q2 sales were consistent with last year and in line with expectations. Sales of light-duty products for auto were up year over year, driven by continued strong demand. This strength was offset by the continued weakness in North America and China for heavy-duty diesel products. Truck production in North America is down this year, and China's production is also expected to be down for the second consecutive year, driven by the weakness in their economy. Net income was consistent with Q1, and in line with our expectations. Let's move to Specialty Materials. For the quarter, sales were up 17% sequentially and net income was up 50% on the higher volume. The premium on Gorilla Glass 4 drove a 9% increase in year-over-year net income. That said, more broadly, the market for smart phones, tablets, and laptop computers is lower than we expected. Worldwide macroeconomic conditions are slowing demand in emerging markets. Additionally, there had been fewer major product launches to drive demand, and the replacement cycle appears to be longer. Our customers are responding to this lower demand environment. As a result, Gorilla Glass volume and Specialty Material sales did not meet expectations in Q2; segment sales were down 2% versus last year. We anticipate this weaker handheld and IT end market environment will persist through the second half, and we now expect full-year sales in Specialty Materials to be consistent with or down slightly from 2015, driven primarily by our performance in Q1. We do expect sequential growth in each quarter. Although we expect the overall market to be flat, we are extending our leadership in the cover glass market. First, we are gaining even more share in the aluminum silicate cover glass, and second, our ability to innovate and deliver value-add products at a premium price is playing out as we expected. And as Wendell said, we are attacking again with our recent launch of Gorilla Glass 5. We look for innovations like this to drive revenue and income growth, even in a maturing market. In Life Sciences, Q2 sales were $215 million, and met our expectations for low single-digit growth. Net income was $21 million, consistent with last year and higher than Q1 on higher sales. Now, let's turn to equity earnings. As Wendell said, the close of the Dow Corning realignment in June was a significant milestone for Corning. The transaction adds $4.8 billion in cash to our balance sheet, or about 30 times Dow Corning's annual silicones equity earnings, and was essentially tax-free. The freedom to deploy that capital is a tremendous value driver for our shareholders. Because of the timing of the transaction, the equity earning line in our second quarter financial statements reflect only two months of Dow Corning's silicones equity earnings, plus a full quarter of Hemlock's equity earnings. For your models, the way we will report Hemlock's equity earnings in our income statement going forward is changing. Prior to restructuring, equity earnings in Hemlock was reported in equity earnings on an after-tax basis. Going forward, it will be reported on a pre-tax basis, and the taxes will be reported as part of Corning's total tax expenses. As you can see from this example on the slide, the contributions to our net income does not change. If you have any questions on this, of course, Ann and her team are happy to help. Let's turn to our balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the quarter with $7.1 billion of cash, up $3.5 billion in cash at March 31, including approximately $5 billion in the United States. Adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter was up significantly over Q1, as expected, at $595 million. The comparison to 2015 is challenging, because this year, we did not receive dividends from Dow Corning, in light of the realignment in June; we paid a onetime legal settlement; and net income was lower. We expect operating cash flow to be up even more in the second half. Historically, most of our operating cash flow is generated in the back half of the year. Major drivers of the increase include higher net income, a reduction in working capital, and a non-repeat of front half-loaded cash expenses. During the quarter, we repurchased $810 million worth of common shares outstanding. Now for the outlook. Let's begin with Display and the display market. For the full year, our view of end market and glass market growth is unchanged. While there are puts and takes by region, we continue to expect worldwide TV unit growth of 2%, and screen size to increase by more than 1.5 inches. As I already mentioned, the outlook for handheld and IT market is lower than our prior expectations, but those segments are a relatively small part of the overall display glass market. Therefore, in total for the year, we still expect the overall retail market in square feet to be up 8 to 10%, and we continue to expect the overall glass market, in terms of area, to be up in the mid-single digits. The first quarter supply chain inventory drawdown accounts for the difference. Turning to our third quarter, we're seeing healthy supply chain inventory. Panel makers' inventory is lean, and they are further increasing utilization to meet increased demands from set makers. As a result, we expect the glass market and our volume to be up mid-single digits sequentially in the third quarter. We also expect our LCD glass prices to decline moderately sequentially, consistent with Q2. As we have previously explained, we will maintain our stable share strategy and align our operating capacity with market demand, and we continue to expect the more favorable pricing environment will continue or possibly improve for two reasons. First, we monitor utilization, end market demand, and other market factors very closely, and all indicate that glass supply should remain tight for the balance of the year, especially in the large gen sizes, as a result of strong TV demand. Second, our competitors' profitability is low. Even though price declines had been moderate for two years now, their profitability has declined during that period. Therefore, we expect that their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. For these and other reasons, we continue to believe that sequential pricing will be better for us going forward. Moving to Optical Communications. For the third quarter, we expect sales to be up approximately 10% versus last year, driven by growth in fiber-to-the-home and data centers. Turning to Environmental. We see continued strength in the auto market, but expect weakness in the heavy duty truck markets in North America and China to continue. We expect third quarter Environmental sales to be down slightly year-over-year, driven by foreign exchange. In Specialty Materials, we expect sales to be consistent with Q3 last year. This is an 8% up sequentially, driven mainly by volume growth in Gorilla Glass in preparation for new product launches later this year. And for the full year, as I said earlier, the handheld and IT retail market for 2016 has weakened, which impact sales of Gorilla Glass. As a result, we now expect that sales in Specialty Materials will be consistent or down slightly from last year, but will be up sequentially each quarter. In Life Sciences we expect Q3 sales to be up low single-digits versus last year, despite a drag from our foreign exchange. Turning to the consolidated outlook. We expect the gross margin to be approximately 43% and consistent with Q2. Gross margins expand versus last year with growing volume in Display and higher sales in Optical Communications. SG&A and RD&E spending will be approximately 14% and 7% of sales, respectively. And we expect other income/other expense to be a net expense of approximately $60 million. We expect Q3 total gross equity earnings to be approximately $15 million. As a reminder, we no longer have silicones equity earnings. We expect our effective tax rate for 2016 to be in the 15 to 16% range. Now, that concludes our outlook for the third quarter. Let me close by saying that we are pleased with the strong sequential growth in sales and the earnings in the second quarter. We are confident that Corning's performance will continue to improve with year-over-year sales and EPS growth in both the third and fourth quarters, and we look forward to delivering on our long-term commitments to create strong value. We expect to generate more than $26 billion through 2019. We will invest $10 billion to grow and sustain our leadership. We also plan to distribute more than $12.5 billion to our shareholders. We are focusing our portfolio to increase our probability of success, reduce the cost of innovation, and increase the barriers to entry for our competition, and we have a rich set of growth opportunities. Thank you. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Tony. I will open the lines now for questions. Cynthia?
Operator: Certainly. Our first question will come from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is...
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Thanks for taking my question. Going to your comment about pricing trend in the glass segment, you're talking about price decline moderating. Can you help us understand the magnitude? Is moderation a reference to, like, down low single digit or down 3% to 5%? Any additional color would be great, and I have a follow-up.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. It is low single digits, and it's similar to what we experienced in Q2.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. And then on the Gorilla side, I'm surprised that you're down-ticking again. Even if I were to look at the revised smartphone unit shipment, it still shows up 3% to 5% on a year-over-year basis, and the display size is actually growing. So, why that you're down ticking? And I'm asking you in the context of, if there's any ASP pressure here?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, this is all about volume, and I think the piece that you're missing, Mehdi, is what's happening on the tablet market. And, of course, from a glass standpoint, tablets are bigger, so that has an outsized impact. And I think both the outlook for smartphones and on tablets have come down in the second quarter, and that's the primary reason that we now believe that that market's going to be consistent to down slightly as opposed to that we thought it would grow in the past.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel. Your line is open.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, Wendell, Tony, and Jeff. I guess, Tony, a clarification on the guidance for the equity earnings of $15 million in the quarter. I believe you said that will now exclude Hemlock Semiconductor, which is going to move up the P&L and I'm curious if you could help us understand what the contribution from Hemlock will be in the quarter?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'm sorry. I maybe didn't explain that very well. It will be on the equity earnings line still, and that $15 million is mostly from Hemlock. The difference is, is that previously Hemlock was reported on an after-tax basis, because the taxes were taken care of at the Dow Corning level, and now taxes are taken care of at the Corning level. So, there's a slight change in the geography, but it's not off the equity earnings line.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Wonderful, thanks for the clarification. And then I guess just dovetailing off the prior Gorilla Glass question. What are the volumes forecasted to be from a growth perspective in 2016 and then longer term? Can you walk us through what will return Gorilla Glass to growth, post a multi-year stagnation?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So for us in Gorilla, I think as Tony said, when we came into the year, we felt the market was going to grow, albeit at a slower rate. And now, pretty widely reported that the expectations are for the market to be pretty flattish. So, now then you start – where do our strategies begin to impact our revenue realization in that slower growth market as well as what will be the next uptick in the market one way or the other. So let's deal with the second first. Uptick in the market, for us it really does get driven by how exciting a product our customers come out with and its impact on consumers. So I can't give much insight into that for you, but we do believe that we see some pretty exciting products coming that should help on the total market growth. Now then let's take a look at us in a more micro way. We would normally expect that we're going to grow faster than the market. And that is because of our superior product, we should be always in a share gaining mode, as well as that as we introduce higher value-add products, we'll get higher revenue per device. I think this year we have an interesting dynamic in that customer mix can really make an impact. We have some customers where we do virtually all of their cover glass needs and some where we just do the majority. So which customer gets impacted can impact us a little more outsized when you're dealing with a slower growth market. And then second has just been timing on adoption of some of the higher value-add products and our ability to manufacture them. A good example of this is Phire, where we continue to get pretty good pull on Phire, especially for wearables. But the difficulty of that manufacturing process has pushed us a little bit out in time versus our original launch dates. But overall, we would look over the long term for this business and for us to continue to have pretty robust growth and to be able over that four-year timeframe to double our revenue on this overall platform. It also includes things like augmented reality, but more on that to come in the future.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, and just one more, if I may, is on the gross margin line. That was the largest positive surprise, I think, relative to our expectations. If we go back and look at multiyear trend, we've generally had a negative trajectory outside of acquisition benefits. And so I guess my question to Tony is, can you walk us through, outside of the Optical Communication volumes, what drove gross margin to rebound? And based on the guidance of sustaining this level of 43%, and if we take maybe an intermediate to longer-term view, are we at a point where Corning's gross margin should be stable to having upward trajectory from current levels?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, I'd be happy to do that. I think compared to Q1, there are really two things. One was the Optical Communications improvement, both in terms of sales, but the amount of money that we were spending on our software project issue also reduced during the quarter. And there was a lot of one-time manufacturing inefficiencies that got better in the second quarter. That helped us and the fact that we also had volume growth up in the high single digits on Display also helped us considerably, and that's how we ended up at the 43%. When you look out into Q3, we expect to see growth. We see some of it in Optical Communications and some of it in Display and Specialty Materials. And when you average those out, keeping in mind that Optical Communications gross margins are lower than the corporate average and the others are higher, we end up back at that 43% level. As you look forward, it obviously is going to depend on where the mix of our businesses are, but I think being in that 43%-plus level is certainly what we're aiming for from an overall business standpoint.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you for taking my questions. Good luck.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask on Display. Tony, you guys are keeping the Display guidance unchanged for the full year, at least the market guidance. And the seasonality implication for that, at least on our calculations, is that Q4 ends up higher than normal seasonally. So I wanted to see if we could get more color on why you see that occurring, given the weakness we see in smartphones and elsewhere in the consumer electronics market. And then secondly, I wonder if you guys could comment on the Specialty guidance reduction that is consistent with what we see in the market as well, which is weak demand. But I wonder. Could you give us more color on regional demand weakness? Where do you see things incrementally developing weaker as you sit right now, and how do you think the regional demand plays out through the back end of the year? Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay, let me start with the Display demand question. What really drives this market, Rod, of course, is what happens in TVs. And even though it is true that IT and handheld demand is down, it has a small impact on the overall display market. What really matters is what happens in TVs, and we expect that TV units are going to be up 2% on a year-over-year basis. As we go through the year, we've seen some stronger demand than what we expected, in particular in North America but also in Europe, but there have been some areas that have been weaker like in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, and also Japan's been a little bit weaker. But when you net that out, it comes back to that 2%. And the other really important factor is what happens with screen size. And from a screen size standpoint, we're looking at screen size growth greater than 1.5 inches. So when you add all that together, even though it's a little bit weaker on other mobile consumer electronic products, that still puts us in that 8% to 10% range.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Tony, do you see seasonality better than normal though in Q4? Because that's what seems to be implied by that assumption.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, we do. And keep in mind that last year, a lot of that just depends on where the overall demand actually is and how panel makers are adjusting their inventories at a given point in time. And given the strength in demand, we do see that.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And, Rod, it's a very legitimate question. Because in that fourth quarter, it's a lot about value chain management. And we're coming off a period where you can remember last year in quarter four and quarter one, we were seeing a correction of the value chain, and we think that's behind us. But you're right that that quarter four, it's going to get influenced a lot on how people feel about that selling season. So always worth some thought, but that's the way we see it.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Wendell. And then what about just how you see regional demand developing on IT and handhelds?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we have that much remarkable there. Developing markets overall were part of the spot weakness, I think, as you take a look at that space. But I think it's a little – the data at that level, I think we have a little bit less clarity on than we do on something like TV that really drives glass demand. But I think by peeling apart some of the comments by our customers in conversations with them, that's what we're picking up is that the developing market will be weaker and less excitement about product launch this year.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Vijay Bhagavath at Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, good morning. Yeah, strong results here. I have a question on the strength you note in data center and fiber – fiber-to-the-home. Help us understand the sales dynamics. Like, would you have multi-quarter design wins at one of the major cloud companies for these data center and fiber build-outs, and similar design wins at the major service providers, publicly announced outside client fiber build-outs? I want to better understand the sales design win dynamics in Optical. Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It sounds like you actually understand them, Vijay. That's exactly right. The only little correction I'd make is it's a lot more than multi-quarter. When we do something like fiber-to-the-home systems, our development cycles with our customers go for a pretty long time. And then it sets and locks on this is the design that they're going to use and then away we go. And then what really provides the dynamic there is that really share shift and things like that. It basically comes down to, these are our Works efforts and where they want to build networks. So, it sounds to me like you got a good understanding. The hyper data centers, the data center pieces, our share has been growing. And both our share of overall spend as Optical and then sort of within in Optical. And that's another one where our position is strong, so the more they build, the better we get.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then a quick follow-on, thanks to you. The AFOP, line fiber acquisition, is it helping you open doors in Asia Pacific in particular? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Interesting. Yes. They have some position especially in some of the OEMs that we don't have in the Asia Pacific. And well, we're really, really interested in that. It wasn't the primary driver of the transaction, which is we want to get as big as we can in hyper data centers, but I think you've made a good observation there, and we think that could be a nice surprise, nice added benefit for us if it continues to evolve the way it seems like it could, Vijay.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, great results. Congratulations to you and your team.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks, good morning. Two questions from me, please. First on Gorilla Glass. You noted how Gorilla Glass 4 mix is actually helping your profitability now. Can you sort of talk about how that mix plays out in terms of where you are as a percentage of maybe shipments, roughly, and then how Gorilla 5 sort of impacts that mix maybe over the next few quarters and also the profits going forward? And then, secondly, Tony, I know you mentioned that the cash flows are back-end loaded for the year, but are we still looking at similar expectations as to what you were thinking a quarter ago at the analyst meeting for cash flow from operations around $3 billion or is that maybe a little lighter now? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'll start with that question. Probably from an overall standpoint, it's a little bit lighter than that. If you think about what drives our cash flow, we did have a onetime payment, a legal settlement, that wouldn't had been in that projections originally. And then, of course, the other big factor is where income actually ends up on a year-over-year basis. And our first quarter was obviously softer than what we originally projected, but it's still going to be quite strong. Still going to be well – closer to $3 billion than it would be to say $2.5 billion.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: To your first question, Steven, I would love to answer that question, but they're not letting me tell you. So, let me describe it in a little broader sense rather than give you my direct answer about what we're trying to do. So, the market has a certain dynamic in that how do our customers want to position themselves relative to consumers. And so, that's why we have open to us different products at different price points. So, the way Gorilla Glass 3 plays out is we really sort of aim out at those of our customers who are seeking to get benefits of Gorilla relative to Soda Lime or other aluminosilicate providers that are highly price-sensitive. And so the more of that we gain, that's all great, because as you know the margins in Gorilla are terrific, right? But that price will be moving direct in response to competitors. GG4, GG5, what we're seeking to do there is for those of our customers who want to create absolute premium products that are as thin as can be and as damage-resistant as can be, they're willing to pay for that innovation, and therefore, we introduced those products at a premium. Our overall desire is that, overall, we can continue to push down the cost of Gorilla while having the price on average sort of not fall so much. And that's exactly what we're trying to do in increasing sort of our – one piece of increasing our revenue per device. Now, why their folks don't want us to give guidance on anything like that, is back to the customer mix question that I addressed before. Now, which customer does what starts to get really important if you're trying to pick from your gross margin model how everything's going to work out. And in a market that's already pretty tough to predict, given how the value chain moves, that added degree of complexity won't make us too accurate. But you're on exactly what it is we're trying to do, and then it will be a mix of how much value-type brands are going in a certain quarter versus a sort of premium cycle upgrade to the new glass. That makes sense, Steven?
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Yeah, that's very helpful. I appreciate all that color. Thanks so much.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to the line of Doug Clark with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks for taking my question. First one on Display and glass pricing. I notice you didn't mention the FX environment and the yen move. I've gotten a number of questions that wanted to kind of get your opinion if the recent strengthening of the yen has any impact or could factor into conversations about future glass pricing?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, and I will be happy to answer that. We've got to obviously answer this based on our analysis of the situation. And we do recognize that the yen fluctuates, and that will impact both the glass procurement cost for our customers, and they buy glass in yen, they sell the panels in dollars. And we also know that our competitors, the Japanese glass makers, could also get a temporary translation benefit when the yen strengthens, or of course a temporary loss when it weakens against the countries they manufacture. But we don't think this is going to be a big impact. The effect on customers is not as big as it used to be. Glass used to be 15% to 20% of the customer material cost; it's now only about 8%. And then the second factor is our competitors are not as profitable as they used to be. And any benefit they get from yen appreciation may only be temporary, so for these reasons we don't expect to see a meaningful pricing impact, a result of the yen movement. And the perfect example of that is what happened in Q2, where the yen strengthened considerably but price declines were moderate. So we don't believe this is going to have a big impact, but we recognize there are a couple of areas where we need to – we are obviously monitoring it.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Worthy question, Doug, worthy question.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sure, Wendell, that makes sense and thanks for the detail. Second question related to more glass volumes and what's been happening in the supply chain, there seems to be a bit of a shift from LCD panel capacity to OLED panel capacity. I'm wondering if that impacts glass volumes either near-term or kind of leads to industry rationalization long-term.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So LCD, OLED, let me start macro, and then I'll get right down into the micro, particular customer capacity shifts one way or the other. So in macro, basically when we talk about OLED, you're only really talking about mobile consumer electronics, right, really phone-type business, which is a relatively small, right. I mean, really small. Sounds like under the single-digit percent sort of small, sort of percent of where, sort of glass changes in total. Now, and overall I think all the adjudication of large-size OLED versus large-size LCD, LCD continues to just get stronger and stronger relative. So all we're talking about is that piece. Now there have been rumors about one of our major customers taking some of their capacity that currently makes LCD, large-size, and take that same plant and make more of the small-size polyimide OLED. We can't comment on is that true or not. So let's deal with it in a more theoretical way. So here's what happens. What sets the overall glass demand is going to be what happens in the market. Which customer of ours makes it, okay? Does it impact, is the glass demand there or not? In micro, we have some customers where we have incredibly high share and some customers where we have more moderate share. So what we would expect overall though is that we pick up what our average share is of whatever that market is. So we don't expect that to be a really big market shift for us. And specific for us on polyimide OLED, is demand there? Net increases demand on us for glass, because our relative share there is very, very high and our relative share in the displays it is replacing, all right, which is just basically low-temperature polysilicone displays for phones, is lower. So I think overall though you can get some temporal impact, I'm not looking at that as being a huge driver. Makes sense?
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That does, thanks for that extra detail. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to the line of Stanley Kovler with Citi Research. Your line is open.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask, this is actually a similar set but a different vein, so if the yen strengthened and you have some opportunity for additional hedging in the out years, given multiyear lows for the yen, were there any discussions or additional hedging taken? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: There were not any additional hedges taken. There was lots of discussion about it. We are 70% hedged out through 2022, and so it's something that we are spending time modeling. Also, thinking both in terms of what the outlying demand is out in those years, maybe different instruments that we could be using as opposed to the forwards we've been using. And so we're doing a lot of work on it, but we didn't do anything in the second quarter.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it, thanks. And back to Display, during the quarter, in late May you started to suggest that there is a possibility of unit volumes tracking towards more like 1.5% growth versus the original 2% guidance, and now back to 2%. That really is interesting because it didn't really impact your screen size inputs as well. I would think that with the strengthening of the TV space in general that there would be some discussion about maybe screen size tracking closer to two inches as well. I know those are two separate topics, but just the market in general. And then looking out into next year, you talked about your share being relatively stable, irrespective of where customers are. But if that customer of yours does shift to a different technology and let's say sells off the equipment for Gen 7 and that goes to even a different region, how should we think about your share in other regions and with new customer entrants in the panel space? Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So you're absolutely right on the TV demand. What we saw in the data in the last couple of months was stronger demand in North America and Europe, and a lot of those were larger-size TVs. And so there was also a little bit of tick up in our projection on screen sizes. But when you add it all up, we're still in that range of 8% to 10%. And we realize as we get data every month, that can change the absolute number a little bit, but it doesn't change what we think is the overall underlying demand, which is up in the 8% to 10% range.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And on the moving around of capacity, I think what's really important to remember is how small one Gen 7 fab is in the overall scheme of the enormous size of this market. And so in a way, that capacity could end up one place or another, but you're within the error bars on the overall market range. And I think a good way to just think about it is wherever it goes, we'll probably end up one way or the other maintaining a pretty stable share, our average share across the entire market just because it's just not that big a deal – relative. There was a time when one Gen 7 fab, that occupied most of my life. But now it's like, eh, another Gen 7 fab.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Stan. Cynthia, we have time for one more question we can squeak in.
Operator: And that will come from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is open.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks very much, guys. I guess I was curious, going back to the TV unit assumptions, positive 2% year on year. If I look at, for example, the market research firm IHS, I know those guys are looking for year-on-year comparisons that are negative on TV sales, and obviously it's such a huge variable for you guys. Do you guys have any comments on why your assumptions might be different from theirs? And then also I wanted to ask on Iris, I think you said earlier in the monologue that you're seeing more commercial traction. Any detail you can give us on exactly what you're seeing there in terms of design wins or revenue would be great. Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. On the TV unit size, we do recognize that some forecasters have different projections than we do, but it's so important to us that we spend a lot of time looking at things by region. And you could pack a lot of intelligence, understanding at the very end markets on what's happening. And we feel very good about the idea that we'll be up about 2%. And especially what's happened in the last couple of months relative to the TV demand, in particular in North America where it is a good bit stronger than what we projected at the beginning of the year.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And just to add, I think what, TV units, there are legitimate point of view differences. But whether or not you thought TV units were going to be up 1%, up 2%, or even relatively flat, that you can remember, I think we actually showed it to you on this slide on the 2016 outlook when Tony was going through his talk, that TV units up about 2% would be a growth contribution in glass area by about 2%. But the screen size being up greater than 1.5 inches, that's driving 5% to 6% growth. And so what we're hearing from the market is television unit growth may be a little bit softer than what we would have thought at the very beginning of the year. But actually like the previous question, screen size is maybe a little bit bigger than what we thought, so it's pushing us in those ranges. But it can be very legitimate that, rather than coming in around 2%, it comes in around 1%. All that is within the range of possibility, and that's why we try to give you sort of an idea of how to factor the various pieces so you can plug in what it is your opinion is and then figure out from that what's going to happen in glass demand. And the final piece is value chain adjustments. Are you going to be bigger than that television unit piece? And that's how we all end up at the bottom line of mid-single digits in square footage growth for us, for the market, and I think that's okay.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: About Iris?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Iris, right. So, Iris is continuing to get some really good commercial transaction with – now we're up to a number of customers that are really evaluating it very strongly, and some are choosing to launch with it, right? It's still early days. As many of you may have heard me speak, I tend to think about disruptive innovations like this, because it's highly disruptive, you're displacing an incumbent technology, a PMMA, with a brand-new material set, to be able to make televisions thinner and with smaller bezels, that it tends to go in phases. You go from the idea then you get a breakthrough. And then if it's really good, you can get a breakout and then you have to defend your really strong position. I'm getting increasingly confident we're going to have a breakthrough. It's going to penetrate large edge-lit TVs, and it's going to have a meaningful penetration into that. Now, whether or not we got a breakout and this becomes a really dominant technology choice for edge-lit, it's just too early to tell. But the good news is the increased commercial transaction is increasing our confidence that you're going to start to see some multiple sets introduce using this technology and we're going to penetrate the market some. But to be significant, we've still got a ways to go.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. That was our last question.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great, thanks to everyone for listening and the terrific questions. We wish you an enjoyable summer and look forward to updating you on framework progress and results throughout the rest of the quarter. Be well.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Wendell. Just a couple of announcements from IR. We will be at the City Conference on September 7 in New York. Telephonic playback of this call is available beginning at 11:00 AM Eastern today and will run until 5:00 PM on Wednesday, August 10. To listen, dial 800-475-6701 and the access code is 397185. The audiocast is available on our website for one year. Cynthia, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 11:15:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter One 2016 Earnings Results. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Sean, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's first quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will report our results using core performance measures. These core performance measures are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website. We have slides posting live on our website that are accompanying our formal comments, and they will be available on our website later this morning. Now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. As we said in this morning's press release, we are pleased that first quarter sales in Display, Environmental, Specialty Materials, and Life Sciences met or exceeded expectations. Demand in Optical Communications was as strong as we expected, but deployment issues with new manufacturing software interrupted our cabling production and interfered with our ability to fill customer orders. Now, we are well down the path to resolving these problems, but we estimate that they reduced first quarter sales by approximately $100 million. The combination of reduced sales and spending to overcome the issues reduced first quarter net income by about $40 million. Absent this, Optical Communications results would have been consistent with expectations. Even with this impact, however, core EPS was $0.28, consistent with consensus. We told you coming into the year that we expected the first quarter to be the weakest. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the sequential growth that's beginning across our businesses. We're also pleased with the progress we've made on our strategy and capital allocation framework. You'll recall that our priorities are to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength to grow, return cash to our shareholders, and create significant value. As we shared with you in October, we expect to generate and deploy more than $20 billion through 2019. We will distribute more than $10 billion to our shareholders, and we will invest $10 billion to grow and to sustain our industry leadership in our focused portfolio of three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. Recent successes include cash distributions, strategic transactions, product introductions, moderating pricing environment in Display, and our advancement of lowest cost manufacturing positions. Here are a few highlights in each area. We've distributed more than $2 billion to our shareholders since October. We completed a $1.25 billion accelerated stock repurchase program in January. During the remainder of the quarter, we distributed an additional $751 million through share repurchases. In February, we announced a 12.5% increase in our quarterly dividend, in line with our plan to increase dividends per share by more than 10% annually. We also initiated three transactions to focus our portfolio and advance our growth. In December, we announced the strategic realignment of Dow Corning. As a reminder, we plan to exchange Corning's 50% interest in Dow Corning Corporation for a subsidiary that will hold 40% ownership in Hemlock Semiconductor and $4.8 billion in cash. The $4.8 billion is approximately 30 times the equity earnings from Dow Corning's silicones business. We expect this realignment to be substantially tax-free and to create tremendous value for our shareholders. We've made excellent progress and continue to anticipate that this transaction will close by June. In January, we announced a joint venture with Saint-Gobain Sekurit to develop, manufacture, and sell light-weight automotive glazing solutions. Saint-Gobain is a leading global producer of automotive glazing. Corning will continue to produce and market Gorilla Glass to this JV and other glazers, retaining 100% ownership of the glass business. This venture allows us to manufacture and sell glazing solutions with a premier glass glazing company that enjoys an excellent reputation among car manufacturers. It also provides a low-cost path for us to scale Gorilla Glass glazing solutions globally. Two weeks ago, we announced an agreement to acquire Alliance Fiber Optic Products for approximately $270 million net of the cash required. We expect the acquisition to be accretive during 2016, and offer cost, product and customer synergies. This acquisition will expand our market access, and provide products that we can integrate into our solutions. For example, it will deepen our relationships with growing cloud data center customers, expand our access to OEM and Asian customers, and enhance product sets in our fiber-to-the-home and data center portfolios. We're excited to bring AFOP on board. Turning to product introductions. Earlier this month, we announced Vibrant Corning Gorilla Glass, which adds value to Gorilla and supports our strategy to double Corning's revenue per mobile device. With fiber and Corning Gorilla Glass, Acer and other leading device makers can dramatically expand their options per device design with individually customized multicolor high resolution images on Corning's industry leading cover glass solution. These features add value for consumers and increase our revenue per device. We also continue to leverage our competitive advantages and strong customer relationships in display to stabilize returns. You will recall from our fourth quarter conference call in January that 2015 was the display industry's most challenging year in the last five years, and that panel makers began reducing utilization in the back half to help return supply chain inventory to a healthier level. We also told you that even in this difficult environment, we expected continued moderation in LCD glass pricing, and that exactly what is playing out. After experiencing the smallest price decline in eight quarters during quarter four of 2015, our price declines in the first quarter equaled the best first quarter price decline in five years. And we believe sequential price declines will further moderate in quarter two. We can now mark two years of moderate quarterly sequential price decline. Finally, we enhanced our lowest cost positions through several moves to consolidate our manufacturing footprint and our progress on reducing energy consumption and cost was recognized by the EPA, who named Corning an ENERGY STAR partner for the third consecutive year. So to summarize, we're making solid progress delivering on our new framework. We are creating significant value for shareholders by utilizing our financial strength both to enhance our focus portfolio by investing in growth and to distribute cash to shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tony, who will review our first quarter results and second quarter outlook. Tony?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. We met expectations in Display, Environmental, Specialty Materials, and Life Sciences in the first quarter. However, as Wendell said, we experienced an issue in Optical Communications due to the implementation of new manufacturing software in our cabling operations. This interrupted production and seriously impacted our ability to meet customer demand in the quarter. The estimated impact to sales was about $100 million. The lower sales and additional cost to address these issues reduced net income by about $40 million. As Wendell said, absent this issue, our Optical Communications business would have met expectations. We have been working with customers to minimize the impact to their operations and are making steady progress towards restoring production. We are confident that we will resolve the software implementation issue during the second quarter. The financial impact in Q2 will be much smaller than Q1 and we expect to make up a good portion of the missed sales during the second half of 2016. Now let's get into the first quarter financials. As a reminder, these are core results. Sales in the quarter were $2.2 billion, down 11% versus last year. Without the software implementation issue in Optical Communications, we estimate that sales would have been down approximately 6%, driven by lower volume and pricing in Display, but in line with expectations. Corporate gross margin was 41%, and in line with expectations. SG&A and RD&E costs were relatively flat to Q1 of 2015 at $309 million and $109 million respectively. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 14% and lower than expected due to lower profits in Optical Communications, which incur a tax rate above the corporate average. Net income was $340 million and lower than last year. The lower year-over-year earnings reflect the lower volume and pricing and Display and also the software implementation issue in optical. EPS was $0.28 and met expectations. Now, these results are core. In Q1, our GAAP results were significantly lower than our core results, driven almost entirely by the mark-to-market accounting treatment on our currency hedge contracts. I'd like to provide a bit of context. As most of you know, we sell LCD glass in yen and a 1 point move in the exchange rate impacts net income and cash flow by about $23 million annually at the current exchange rate. We enter into currency hedge contracts, predominantly yen, to mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on our earnings and cash flow. By hedging, we increase the predictability of our results and are confident that we can achieve our financial goals. We are very pleased with the results of our hedging program and the economic certainty it delivers. Since the inception of this strategy, we have settled hedge contracts and received cash totaling $1.1 billion that offsets much of the decline in Display's earnings due to the weaker yen. We recently increased our hedge coverage which further reduced our risk and increased our confidence in achieving our financial goals. We have hedged 70% of our projected yen exposure through 2022 at a blended rate of approximately ¥106 yen per $1. For any investor who has been worried that the weakening yen could negatively impact our business, hedging earnings and cash flows through 2022 substantially mitigates that concern. Now, let's move from the economic impact of our hedging program to GAAP accounting. GAAP requires earning translation hedge contracts settling in future periods to be marked-to-market and recorded at their current value. In other words, under GAAP accounting, each quarter we are required to revalue all of our existing contracts at the quarter end forward rates, and record the difference in value from the prior quarter through the P&L as unrealized gain or loss. This requirement results in significant GAAP earning volatility if the exchange rate changes from quarter to quarter, and given the size of our hedge portfolio, these adjustments can be large. For example, in Q3 and Q4 of 2014, we had large unrealized non-cash gains after tax of $431 million and $410 million respectively as the yen weakened. In the first quarter this year, the yen sharply strengthened and we had a $599 million unrealized non-cash mark-to-market loss. Our GAAP results will continue to see this volatility when the yen rate moves. Now to be clear, the amount of hedge contracts we settle in any given quarter is designed so the cash received or paid on the contracts substantially offset the change in Display's translated yen earnings and cash flow in that quarter. Our core reporting convention is designed to convey this matching and to simplify comparisons of underlying business trends. Now for investors who have additional questions, Ann and Stephen (17:33) are available after the call. Also in our GAAP earnings for the first quarter are charges of about $109 million pre-tax associated with reducing our cost structure, enabling us to enhance our cost leadership position. We anticipate additional charges of approximately $40 million for the remainder of the year. We estimate that the full year cash impact will be $40 million, and the annualized savings will be $50 million. So that's our first quarter from an overall P&L perspective. Now, let's look at the detailed segment results, beginning with Display Technologies. As I described in the January call, there was a significant inventory buildup in the supply chain during the back half of 2015 because the industry overestimated retail demand. We expected panel maker utilizations to decline sequentially in the first quarter in reaction to falling panel prices and a weaker end market, allowing the supply chain to reduce inventory. We expected this to result in sequential glass demand being down mid to high single digits. Now despite this very tough environment, we expected Q1 prices to decline moderately sequentially, and that is exactly what happened. Panel makers reduced utilization and panel price declines improved to low single digits in March. Weeks of inventory ended the quarter in a healthier position. The glass market was down mid single digits. Our volume was down mid single digits sequentially, and price declines were moderate as expected, matching the smallest sequential first quarter decline in five years. Display sales were $829 million and net income was $223 million. Now during the quarter, we secured the remainder of our 2016 volume under customer agreement, helping us maintain stable share, which in turn enables us to be more efficient in planning, manufacturing and reducing costs. Let's move to Optical Communications. Q1 sales were $609 million, down 13% versus last year and below our expectations. Net income was down 64% versus last year, primarily driven by lower sales volume and additional costs associated with software implementation issues. We expect a much smaller impact to sales and profits in Q2 and to resolve these issues during the second quarter. In Environmental, Q1 sales were $264 million, down 6% versus last year, but better than the 10% decline that we expected. Stronger than expected demand for light duty substrates drove the beat as growth in North America and China produced record light duty substrate volume sales. Segment sales are down year-over-year due to continued weakness in the US and Chinese heavy duty truck markets, as expected. Truck production in North America is down after a two-year peak and China's production is also expected to be down for the second year, driven by economic weakness. As a result, year-over-year profitability was down for the segment, in line with expectations. Now during the quarter, we also made important progress on pioneering a new mobile emission control category that is not yet reflected in our sales. Let me explain. Euro 6c, starting in 2017, introduces real world driving emission standards and requires an order of magnitude reduction in particulates generated by gasoline direct injection engines or GDI. GDI represents 23% of the global market now and it's growing at a 17% rate. Today, none use a filter. The 2017 regulation will require, for the first time, a filter solution and we are well positioned to lead. We made progress in the first quarter by winning several new platforms designed to meet the upcoming Euro 6c regulation. Since the filter is used in addition to products that we already sell, Euro 6c increases our total sales opportunities for GPF vehicles by a factor of three to four. Moving on to Specialty Materials, performance was in line with expectations. As expected, Gorilla Glass volume was down sequentially and versus a strong Q1 2015. As a reminder, comparing year-over-year Gorilla Glass growth rates in individual quarters is challenging because the volume depends on when the supply chain is building in preparation for new product launches and the timing of OEM production ramps varies year to year. Last year our Q1 volume was stronger because the supply chain was building, whereas this year we don't expect production ramps until later in the year. Advanced optic sales were consistent with last year. In total, segment sales were $227 million, down 17%. Net income was $32 million, down 30% versus last year on the lower sales. In Life Sciences, Q1 sales were $204 million and met expectations. Net income was $18 million, down $1 million versus last year. First quarter gross equity earnings from Dow Corning were $58 million, and exceeded expectations of $45 million. Let's turn to our balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the quarter with $3.5 billion of cash, including approximately $1.1 billion in the United States. We expect full year operating cash flow to be relatively consistent with last year. The first quarter is typically our lowest quarter of the year and Q1 adjusted operating cash flow was approximately $110 million. Capital spending was $270 million. Now for the outlook. We expect second quarter sales to grow sequentially in all of our businesses, except Environmental, which will be down slightly, but consistent with the second quarter of 2015. Let's begin with Display. For the full year, we continue to expect the overall glass market, measured in square feet, to be up mid single digits and for the retail market to be up 8% to 10%. While it's early in the year, we see some puts and takes that net out neutrally relative to our initial expectations for the year. Preliminary data indicates that TV unit growth might be a little less than our 2% expectation, but that is offset by early evidence that diagonal screen size will increase by more than our 1.5 inch expectation. The outlook for handheld and IT is lower than our initial expectations, but those segments are a relatively small part of the overall display glass market. Handheld and IT play a bigger role in our Specialty Materials segment, which I'll address in a minute. We begin the second quarter with healthier supply chain inventory, and panel makers are increasing utilizations to meet demand for the second half retail season. We expect glass market and our volume to be up high single digits sequentially in the second quarter. We expect our LCD glass prices to decline moderately sequentially and be more moderate than Q1. We are very pleased with this more stable environment. As we have previously explained, we expect this more favorable pricing environment to continue and maybe even improve, for two primary reasons. First, the financial situation of our competitors continues to indicate they cannot continue historical price declines and remain profitable. And second, as we said before, we believe that glass supply and demand will remain balanced despite occasional dips in panel demand. We are keeping capacity offline to match our supply to our demand. Other glass suppliers have said publicly that they have levers to take similar actions. For these and other reasons, we continue to believe that sequential pricing will be better for us going forward. Now moving to Optical Communications. For the second quarter, we expect sales to be up more than 20% sequentially. Compared to last year, we expect sales to be down mid to high single digits. Two components of lower sales versus last year are sales impact of $20 million to $40 million from the software implementation issues, and last year's record second quarter included some service-oriented business that doesn't repeat. For the full year, we previously guided Optical Communication sales up in the mid single digits, but now expect sales to be up low single digits, with the change due to the software implementation issues. Demand in carrier and enterprise is as strong as we expect it, and we plan to recover a portion of the missed sales from the first half of the year. We expect sales in Optical Communications to be up more than 10% in the back half of 2016 versus last year. Now turning to Environmental. We see continued strength in the auto market, but expect ongoing weakness in the heavy duty truck market in North America and China to continue. We expect second quarter Environmental sales to be consistent with 2015. In Specialty Materials, we expect second quarter Gorilla Glass volume to grow both sequentially and year over year. As a result, we expect Specialty Materials sales to be up low single digits in Q2 versus 2015. For the full year, as I said earlier, the handheld and IT retail market outlook for 2016 has weakened, which impacts sales of Gorilla Glass. We now expect sales growth in Specialty Materials will be in the high, or the mid to high single digits. On the cost side, we experienced a power outage in one of our glass technologies facilities at the end of March. We quickly recovered from the incident to meet customer shipments across all product lines. We expect costs associated with recovery and repair expense to negatively impact gross margin percent and profitability and Specialty Materials in the second quarter. In Life Sciences, we expect Q2 sales to be up low single digits versus last year, despite drag from the weaker euro. Now we expect gross margin to improve sequentially in Q2. Gross margins expand with growing volume in Display and higher sales in Optical Communications. The expansion would have been greater, except for the impact of the power outage. In total, we expect gross margins to be in the 41% to 42% range. We expect further gross margin expansion in the third quarter. SG&A and RD&E will be approximately 14% and 8% of sales respectively. We expect other income, other expense, to be a net expense of approximately $55 million, and we expect Q2 equity earnings to be between $50 million and $70 million, depending on the closing date of the Dow Corning strategic realignment. Once we close, we will no longer recognize equity earnings from Dow Corning's silicones business. Therefore, an earlier closing date corresponds to the lower end of our estimated range. We will update you more precisely when the transaction closes. And we expect our effective tax rate for 2016 to be in the range of 15% to 16%. So that concludes our outlook for the second quarter. To summarize, in the first quarter, we met or exceeded expectations in most of our businesses, and we expect strong sequential growth in the second quarter. We made great strides delivering on our four-year plan to focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength to grow, return cash to our shareholders, and create significant value. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Tony. Sean, we'll now open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, Wendell, Tony, Jeff, thank you for taking my questions. I guess number one is, given the expected close of the Dow JV in the current quarter, could you elaborate a little bit further on your intentions with the $4.8 billion in proceeds? I think that investors have varying opinions of the use of cash within your capital allocation framework and the pace at which it can be harnessed. So I guess at a minimum, should we anticipate a buyback to offset dilution from the loss of equity earnings? And then given the substantially tax-free transaction, are there any structural timing issues that prevent the immediate access to the proceeds?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So Patrick, good morning. Let me take that question. I think that from an overall standpoint, let me first start about the timing of the transaction. I mean we expect it to close sometime during this quarter. We're on track. We've made a lot of progress with everything that needs to get done. We feel pretty good about that. We said all along that when we do close, that we would discuss more what we do plan to do from a cash standpoint. I think it is reasonable to assume that over a period of time, as we make this transaction, that we offset the dilution on the equity earnings at some point in time, although we're not actually talking about a very specific timing on that. In terms of the cash availability, as we've mentioned that from an overall standpoint, there are restrictions relative to the cash availability, but that's cash that we need to control and manage internally from an investor standpoint. If we use the cash to invest in the business, then we're able to offset that with cash somewhere else. So for example, if we were to make an acquisition, that we could use cash from that and that would offset cash in another place. So from an overall standpoint, that's how we're thinking about the Dow Corning transaction.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So Patrick, a little bit shorter version. After we close, we'll tell you. Okay. Until then, give us some time to not count our chickens before they're hatched, and then we'll be really clear on how we think about our overall capital allocation plan in terms of our total availability of cash for the company overall. All right?
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you. And I guess just as a follow-up. Tony, you talked about recent strengthening in the yen. You talked about how your yen hedging practices have removed some of the volatility. And I'm curious, if you're looking at using the current strengthening of the yen to bring your total hedge rate in the 2016 to 2022 timeframe to ¥99 relative to the average of ¥106 because that would remove any need to change the core reporting convention at some point in the future.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Patrick, that's a great question. I mean I think we are always looking at where the yen is, thinking about when we have opportunities to opportunistically add to our hedge portfolio. We made a big move in the first quarter, and that's something that we are evaluating and considering.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks, good morning. Just looking at the Optical business a little bit more and color, could you talk about some of the end markets and how they performed and how you think they're going to perform going into the second half of the year, specifically wireless, fiber to the home and data center? And then I'm just curious, given what I understand lead times to be on some of the optical cables, how you expect to make up some of the lost sales. It doesn't sound like it's going to be an easy task to regain some of that share, given what might have shipped during the quarter. Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steven. So let's start with the situation in OpCo. First, the main dynamic in the numbers were the problems we had on implementing this software solution. This hurt. I mean, we've had to apologize to our customers who totally rely on us in certain segments. Thank goodness that actually enterprise started a little slow this year, but our big telecom network providers totally felt this. And you got to remember, we've gained so much share over these last several years because of our advantaged product sets that we have customers that basically rely on us for 100% of their deployment. So no question, our real extending lead times there have meant we've had to apologize to our customers and do our best to get those back on track. But also, we owe our investors an apology because we missed an opportunity to beat expectations and get off to a great start to the year. So now it's further added degrees of difficulty for us to be able to climb steeply to the back half and still hit everybody's expectations for ourselves, but we think we can do it. So to your core question, enterprise started off slow, but we expect it to be strong, to come back. That's what we're hearing from all of our big customers. So like I said, that ended up being a gift, but seldom is slow markets a gift, but it was for us. Second, in telecom for the core network stuff, we expect that demand to be strong this year. Just because of where they rely on us and where they don't, we do expect to recover a significant hunk of our missed shipment set to just go into extended backlog. But we'll also lose some business too. It's hard to exactly estimate that right now, Steven, but I think you integrate everything together and the way you should think about it is we're going to be growing in quarter three and quarter four with the software issue behind us, sort of in double digits in OpCo, despite any sort of lingering impact. So that's the way we're thinking about it. As we get through quarter two we'll understand the actual customer impacts in a little more finer detail. But that's sort of the rough outline. Does that make sense to you, sir?
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Yes, that's very helpful. I appreciate that. And then just as a quick follow up, just directionally in terms of gaining content per device that you've talked about since the analyst meeting, should we expect some of that in the second half of the year? And if so, is there any hints you can give us on how that would sort of play out? And then I'll pass the baton. Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, one again, so on one hand in Gorilla, as you heard from Tony, we're seeing less growth. It's sort of IT and small, right. On the other hand, we see the opportunity for revenue enhancement and it's going to come in sort of two broad areas. First, that as we introduce more advantaged glass products, just in our base glass business, we expect price to stop going down. Okay. That still has to happen, right, and the customers still have to love it, but that ought to be enhancing our gross margin. And then second, we will be increasing our revenue per device through other ways by adding value. Right, and that's an example we just talked about on the Vibrant Corning Gorilla Glass, which basically moves us to selling a part, and then a customized part, in terms of the images that are on it. We have other efforts going on in terms of the parts business to serve our customers at that higher revenue spot. And then finally, we have some other new value add products that you've heard us talk about, but now we expect to commercialize, like fire technology for wearables, et cetera. Exact timing on how it comes in, my friend, is hard to call, because there's technology adoption. But yes, we would feel that that sort of revenue enhancement could help us close some of that gap that we see with the small end market.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thanks for taking my question. Just as a follow up to the Gorilla commentary, what gives you confidence that this is not ASP pressure and just a reflection of lower volume due to demand?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well Mehdi, as we take a look at what we expected at the beginning of the year versus today, and what's really has happened in the market, is lower demand for handheld, and also lower demand from a tablet standpoint. We expected tablets to be down this year, but they're going to be down a little bit more than that. And so that takes our overall area growth, which we had expected to be up in the mid single digits or so down to the low single digits. From a pricing standpoint, our contracts get set at the early part of the year. So we feel good from an overall pricing standpoint. And the reason that we think our sales can be up mid to high single digits has to do with the value adds that Wendell talked about in the previous answer.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. Thank you. And then just looking at your cash flow, there was a cash burn from operation, and can you help me understand what happened there? I see you're – go ahead. Go ahead.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, sure. So, I think the first thing that's important to focus on is our adjusted cash flow, which also includes the impact from the hedges, and when you take those positive impacts from the hedges, we had about $110 million of cash flow from operations. That was down from last year, and two major drivers of that, the first being lower profitability in the overall business, and then the second item is, we had a big cash tax payment that happened in the first quarter of this year. As we look out for the entire year, we feel good about our ability to generate the operating cash flow kind of consistent in line with what we did last year. So there's nothing to be concerned or alarmed about on that, and Q1 is usually or always our lowest cash flow generating quarter.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Doug Clark from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Two quick ones and then a follow up. The first one is on, have you seen any impact from the earthquakes in China? Not as much for your facilities or the glass industry, but for the rest of the TV supply chain? And then secondly, can you help quantify how big the impact to gross margins is for the corporate average in the second quarter from the power outage in the Specialty Materials segment?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. I think from an overall supply chain standpoint, it is our understanding that there was some impact on the Taiwan earthquake. And so we clearly would have seen that in March, in terms of some of the utilizations. In terms of the impact in gross margin, of course it will depend a little bit on how this all gets itself resolved, but we would have guided our gross margins to be 42% if we hadn't had this issue. So think of it somewhere, half a point, something like that.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. And then a follow-up question, interesting that nobody's really asked on the Display business yet. But there, I think you mentioned during the prepared remarks that utilizations from the panel makers have started to move back higher. Does that suggest that the first quarter indeed was kind of the lowest point for utilizations and we should see a recovery throughout the rest of the year? And then similarly and relatedly, are you seeing further shift to thinner glass, kind of 0.3, 0.4 millimeter glass, and if that's having any impact on productions?
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, the answer to your first question is absolutely, we think that Q1 is the low point. I mean, we had said in the call last quarter, and we still continue to believe that Q1 would be the low quarter and we'd start seeing increases in demand. And as our guidance shows, is that we're looking at the market and our own volumes to be up in the high single digits. So we feel good about where the market is on glass, and where our volume is going to be in the second quarter, but even in the second half of the year. So the short answer is, is that we thought that was going to be the case, and it's absolutely turning out to be the case. Do you want to talk about thin, or?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'd say that no definitive move yet to the 0.4 or 0.3 millimeter in a broad sense. But certainly an awful lot of dialogue; 0.4 millimeter is growing some. We'll have to see how some of the big players end up working through the changes they have to make in panel making, and how that interacts with what they see as the value prop on the thinner glass. So more to come. Watch this space.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question, Sean.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath, from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Good morning. Hi, Wendell, Tony. Two questions, if I may. The first is, if you look at your Optical Communication business, in addition to the manufacturing issues you noted, was there any weakness in any of the end markets you sell into in Optical? Would be very helpful to hear. Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay, well I think Wendell talked about that before. The enterprise market did start off a little weak at the beginning of the year. If you take a look at our slides, you'll see that sales were down, a lot of that of course driven by the issue with our software implementation. But it did start off a little weak, but it definitely picked up as the quarter progressed, and is very strong right now. And the carrier market has been strong the entire time. So we feel very good about the end markets in Optical.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. And then, Tony, a quick follow on for you. Cash flow generation in Q1 was quite weak. Help us understand what drove the weakness in cash flow. Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. I mean, I think I already answered that, Vijay.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Rod Hall from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess I have two. The first one is, we're tracking a lot of OLED capacity provisioning out in the marketplace, and I'm just curious if you guys have an expectation for when OLED really starts to take share in the smartphone market. Is that next year that you would expect that, late this year? Can you just give us some color on that? And then, what the impact on your own business would be? And then secondly, on Optical Communications, I just wanted to follow up. I think, Wendell, you had said that carriers are very reliant on you guys. I'm assuming that means you haven't really lost much share, but it's more an impact on projects. And I wonder if you could comment on regionally at least, where projects may have been slowed down in terms of optical build out. Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Rod, and thanks especially for the question on OLED because I was worried if no one asked, I would just have to tell them. So that when Tony and Ann go out to talk to investors, they'd be able to have a reference point. So, but let's start with your OpCo question. Very observant, Rod. So a rough piece is, that's why we expect to recover in the back half a significant hunk of our OpCo businesses is there's some of it that you just can't get the product or the systems anywhere else. But there's also a hunk in cable that is just going to be lost, that you could get an alternative at the cable component level. The region you feel it the most in for us has been North America, right. So that's the region that's felt it the worst. We felt it everywhere, because once we get a constraint of our capacity, we sort of draw it down. But North America has felt it the worst, because that's the area where we had the software implementation points, and telecom customers tend to qualify specific product sets in particular production facilities. So that's where we felt it. It's why we're pretty encouraged we can recover, as well as the fact that things are really tight right now in fiber and cable. So that's our thought on OpCo. Before I move to OLED, does that work for you, Rod?
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, that'd be great, Wendell. Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So OLED. So for those of you who aren't following it quite as closely as Rod, the OLED capacity that has been largely announced or discussed has been for a technology called polyimide OLED. Let me start with what the impact is on us and then give you a little background. So the impact on us is that the adoption of this P-OLED technology will increase Corning glass sales. Now, that seems unusual, right, so probably we should take a moment to explain it. So a little over five years ago when OLEDs first began emerging as a number of the different OEMs started to promote them, we developed a strong point of view on how OLED would play out versus LCD. So the first step is you got to separate between large size and small. These are very different applications and they use different types of display technology, today and going forward. In the large size, which is 90% of glass volume roughly, we believed strongly then and continue to believe that OLEDs will be at best a niche product, and we thought that because we could see how LCDs would continue to improve and what we believed is that OLED's incremental cost would not be worth their shrinking benefits relative to LCD. And that's played out where we've gone from three major OEMs promoting OLED strongly to now just one. And certainly the market has played out in terms of demand, as we expected. We continue to expect that technological outcome for the foreseeable future. Now, in small there is a different matter. Small, about 10% of the market. We thought then and now that polyimide OLEDs were very, very interesting and we thought they were interesting because you could potentially conform them behind a nice piece of our Corning Gorilla Glass and get a very different customer experience where you'd have displays bending around corners, and therefore very small bezels, and long term, the potential for a flexible display. So that's where we focused our strategic and technical energy. And as a result, what we've done is we've developed a very advantaged product and very, very, very high market shares. So as a result, even though polyimide OLED consumes less glass, this is way more than offset by our share gain in this technology. Plus, because this is a small part of the market, we don't see any overall impact to overall glass supply and demand in any sort of meaningful way. Rigid OLED versus LTPS, LCD, they're going to split that market. That's not that big a deal. Now as goes to timing, so we have a really good idea on timing, but we can't really discuss it, because that would disclose our knowledge of our customers' exact product plans and that wouldn't be appropriate.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Is it, Wendell, is it fair to say that most of that capacity in the industry comes online next year as opposed to this?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I think what makes that question hard to answer is I don't know whether or not you've got the totality of what people's capacity plans are, right. Clearly we are going to see very robust growth in capacity in this space. How that will then tie to how and when products are introduced is a little more complicated question that starts to get more confidential. But, usually you can count on announced capacity increases by the types of players that can actually manufacture this to be relatively reliable.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Notter from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks guys. I wanted to ask about the cost downs you mentioned. I have to apologize, I think I missed some of the details here, but I think it was $40 million in cost downs. I think you were talking about the Display business. Can you kind of walk back through the numbers you were referencing? And then what precisely are you doing there and why call it out this quarter as opposed to kind of the normal cost reduction efforts you guys go through? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think you're referring to the charge that we took in the first quarter that's not in our core results, but is in our GAAP results. It was about $109 million and it was across a number of businesses, particularly some industry, or some facility consolidations. And what we were highlighting was one, why the charge was there and then the second item was just it continues in our journey to always be the lowest cost manufacturer. From a cash standpoint, it equates to, once all the charges are taken, that it's about $40 million of cash. The annual savings is about $50 million and that's obviously why we did it.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And then our next question will come from the line of Wamsi Mohan from BoA Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks for taking the question. One of your initiatives, if we just step back here and look at sort of over the last few years has been bringing stability to the Display business. Now in the context of seeing the best pricing you've seen in five years in Q1 and improving from here on and improving inventory situation, your Display core net income declined 24% on a year on year basis. So can you talk about stabilizing the business from a profit context in the context of these results? And you're still guiding 300 basis points of gross margins decline year on year. Can you talk about why the gross margin isn't improving more sequentially when you are seeing such a nice uptick in display volumes? Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. Let me take the first question. What it's going to take to stabilize our display earnings, we've always said it's a combination of two things. One is moderate price declines and the second is volume growth. And what you saw in the first quarter, although the price declines were moderate, our volume on a year over year basis was actually down. And so that's the key driver of the reduction in profitability. In terms of from a, and so as you look out moving forward, as we get into quarters where we have moderate price declines and we have significant volume increases, we certainly are going to get much closer to having stability in our display industry, or in our Display business. That's fundamentally what we have been focused on and we do believe that what's happened from a pricing standpoint over the last two years gives us greater confidence in the ability to do that. On your second question in terms of gross margins, we would have had a greater expansion on gross margins if it wasn't for the power outage in Taiwan. It will depend a little bit on actually how much that ends up costing us. But you could think of it in terms of half a point from a gross margin standpoint. So that when we get into the second half of the year, when we don't have that impact, we don't have the impact from the software implementation, and we have higher volumes, we expect continued gross margin expansion getting much closer to where we were in the first half of last year.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Tony. Operator, we'll take one last quick question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from the lane of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. Wendell, I wanted to follow up on the OLED question on a couple of just updates on other future initiatives, particularly what progress you've seen if any around Iris, as well as what feedback has been after kind of the reports you've released in conjunction with Ford on the auto glass opportunity, especially coming out of some of the recent trade shows and supplier shows in that space. Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Well thanks for the question. Iris continues to get strong engagement from the grants and you're right to ask that in or around OLEDs because it is a way to get sort of sub 5-millimeter thick LCD technology, which is starting to put you right in the zone of OLEDs. So that is part of one of those technological innovations. So we're continuing to see good, strong interest in it. Fascinatingly enough, the fastest moving set of brands in this space are in China. And what we are seeing is real up and coming brands use this as a way to differentiate their very large TVs. So it's way too early to call this idea a success, to add a third piece of glass to a TV. I think let's keep asking the question as we roll forward. We should know a hunk more by the end of this year, how much momentum this tech has got or not. But so far, I would color it as continuing to be quite intriguing to our brands, basically because you can get thinner TVs with smaller bezels, and that helps you versus OLED. So it will all be about how does the economics work with that value prop, and more to come. On auto, I think you rightly noticed the amount of sort of coverage we've been getting, mainly because one of our big brands has been promoting it so strongly. It's really on the back of our customers being so excited about this, that we've getting all this press. And the most recent one has been, is what they basically announced is sort of a joint technical study that they've done with us, that shows not only is the glass lighter weight, but that it breaks a lot less. So you have the potential for a reduction in rock strike breaks by up to half. And so, they got really excited about that, and they believe it's the only way to get to very thin lightweight glazing, and the traditional ways to do it with soda lime just won't work technically and be safe. So they got really excited about that and published those papers. Expect more pieces on that. That all being said, I will say about this business what I've said from the beginning, is don't get too excited until we actually see an everyday platform brand adopted. And until we get there, I don't think we've reached a tipping point, no matter how excited our customers seem to be. Until I get by that point, I won't feel confident in being able to predict that we've really got something here. Does that make sense?
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It does. Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Well, thanks everyone for listening. Once again, apologize for the execution issue in telecom. Other than that, we are marching along as we anticipated to do. We look forward to updating you on strong sequential growth and the closing of the Dow Corning transaction.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Wendell. We have a few IR announcements. Our annual shareholder meeting is this Thursday, and you can listen in on the web. We will also be at the JPMorgan conference on May 24 in Boston, and the Sanford Bernstein conference on June 2 in New York City. Thank you all for joining in. A playback of the call is available beginning at 11:00 today Eastern, and will run until 5 p.m., Tuesday, May 10. To listen dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 390718. The audio cast of course is available on our website during that time. Sean, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Wendell Weeks - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Jeff Evenson - Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer Ann Nicholson - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Rod Hall - JP Morgan Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Joseph Wolf - Barclays Patrick Newton - Stifel Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four 2015 Earnings Results. It is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Lois, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Corning’s fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer.  Before we begin our formal comments, I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures, and our results are presented in core performance measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website.  We have slides posting live on our website to accompany our formal comments, and they will be available on our website later this morning. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Ann. Good morning everyone. As we reported in this morning’s press release, we met and in a few places exceeded our expectations in quarter four and also beat consensus. That said, year-over-year results in most of our businesses were impacted by the weak global economy, the stronger dollar versus other currencies, and continued softness in the TV and IT retail markets. We expect these headwinds to continue in quarter one. Despite the macroeconomic challenges we faced in quarter four, we had several major successes executing against the strategy and capital allocation framework that we introduced in October. The framework, which describes our leadership priorities for the next four years is simple. We will focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength to grow, create significant value, and return cash to our shareholders.  As we told you in October, over the course of the next four years, we expect to generate and deploy more than $20 billion through 2019. We will distribute more than $10 billion to our shareholders, which is by the way roughly half of our current market cap, and we will invest $10 billion in our growth and to sustain our industry leadership. We are confident this new framework will drive the company forward and guide our value creation in 2016 and beyond.  Let me just take a few minutes to highlight our recent successes under this framework. We generated more than $3 billion in adjusted operating cash flow in 2015 despite significant macroeconomic headwinds. This is good evidence of our ability to generate the cash flow that underpins our capital allocation plan. We’re off to a good start on our commitment to return more than $10 billion to our shareholders with a $1.25 billion accelerated stock repurchase program that we completed last week. We continue to focus our portfolio with the recent announcement of the strategic realignment of our interest in Dow Corning Corporation.  As we indicated when we announced the transaction, we’re very proud of Dow Corning’s success over the last 72 years. However, Dow Corning’s silicones business lies outside our three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. Given Dow’s strong synergies with the silicones business, we believe the transaction unlocks the value of Dow Corning for our shareholders. When we close this transaction, Corning will exchange its 50% interest in Dow Corning for 100% of the stock of a newly formed Down Corning entity that will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Corning. The new entity will own approximately 40% interest in Hemlock Semiconductor and approximately $4.8 billion of cash. We believe that our ownership interest in Hemlock and the additional $4.8 billion of cash on our balance sheet creates significant value. $4.8 billion is approximately a 30 times multiple on the equity earnings from Dow Corning’s silicones business, and it’s important to remember that we expect the realignment to be essentially tax-free. This additional cash increases the amount of funds available for deployment from the $22 billion to $26 billion we discussed in October, to $26 billion to $30 billion to 2019. We will provide more details on how we intend to deploy this cash when we close the transaction. In support of our commitment to utilize our market access platforms and financial strength to grow, we leveraged our competitive advantages and strengthened customer relationships in display to stabilize returns. First, we established a long-term supply agreement and a low-cash investment in a Gen-10.5 glass manufacturing facility adjacent to BOE. By utilizing others’ fundings, we significantly de-risked this transaction and we expect outstanding returns. The investment total is $1.3 billion. Our cash investment, however, is one-fourth of that at $290 million, and at that level exceeds our target of obtaining $2 of every $3 from others when we invest in new melting capacity. Second, we obtained favorable pricing for LCD glass in quarter four.  It’s no secret to any of you that the display industry is experiencing significant challenges. The retail market for TV and IT softened in the back half of 2015, and supply chain weeks of inventory grew. Despite these market dynamics, our fourth quarter sequential price declines were the lowest of the year.  Stepping back and looking at 2015 as a whole, the display industry had its most challenging year in the last five years on a number of dimensions. First, it was the lowest end market growth in area terms over the last five years. Second, panel price declines were the highest they have been in five years. Finally, the year ended with the highest level of inventory in the supply chain over the past five years. Now even in this environment, we had the smallest annual price decline for glass in five years. This is important evidence that we’re making significant progress on stabilizing our returns in display, and as you will hear in a moment from Tony, that trend continues in quarter one of this year. Finally, evidence continues to build that we will successfully leverage our automotive market access platform to disrupt the 6 billion square foot auto glazing market to drive growth for Corning. We made two significant announcements. First in December, we announced that Ford will use Corning Gorilla Glass in the iconic Ford GT. This is the first production vehicle to use Gorilla Glass for multiple glazing applications, including the windshield, rear engine cover and acoustic separator. It’s a great example of leveraging our market access with the world’s leading automakers to pursue disruptive opportunities while utilizing our existing fusion assets. This collaboration demonstrates what Corning does best - applying expertise in glass and material science to help industry leaders solve tough challenges, unleash new capabilities, and enhance experiences for their customers. Second, just last week we announced a joint venture with Saint-Goban Sekurit to develop, manufacture and sell lightweight automotive glazing solutions. Saint-Goban is a leading global producer of automotive glazing. Corning will continue to produce and market Gorilla Glass to this JV and other glazers, retaining 100% ownership of the glass business. This venture allows us to move forward in the value chain beyond glass to manufacture and sell glazing solutions with a leading producer. This provides a low-cost path for us to scale Gorilla Glass glazing solutions across the globe. To summarize, we’re making solid progress delivering on our new framework. We are generating strong and sustainable operating cash, unlocking significant value for shareholders, and focusing our portfolio by removing assets outside our core capabilities, leveraging our three core technologies, four manufacturing engineering platforms, and five market access platforms to deliver strong financial performance, and we’re returning cash to shareholders. Though we will clearly face economic headwinds in the first half of 2016, our confidence continues to build in our ability to deliver on our commitments to our shareholders. Now I’ll turn the call over to Tony, who will review our fourth quarter results and first quarter outlook.
Tony Tripeny: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. Before I get into the details, there are two hot topics with investors where I want to provide an update: LCD pricing and yen hedging after 2017. Starting with LCD glass pricing, I’ll spend a few minutes giving you our perspective on the display industry dynamics and explain why we are increasingly confident that our strategy to stabilize returns will work.  Let’s start with the end markets. To recap 2015, it was a challenging year for the industry, driven by the fall-off in demand at retail. TV unit demand was actually down in several regions. Specifically, TV demand in Europe and Latin America was weaker due to the effect of the stronger dollar on retail prices and continued economic uncertainty. Taken as a whole, worldwide TV unit sell-through was down low single digits. On an area basis, the unit decline was more than offset by an average screen size growth of more than one inch.  In addition, IT and mobile demand was weak, driven by a lack of replacement drivers, the strong dollar, and continued economic uncertainty. We estimate the worldwide IT market was down 6% in area in 2015. In total, the glass market at retail was up about 2% in 2015 as measured in area. As a result of the lower end market demand, supply chain inventory grew. Panel price declines began to accelerate and panel makers began lower utilizations in Q3 and lowered them again in Q4. Panel prices fell 30 to 40% for the year with most sizes approaching cash cost. While inventories decreased in Q4, they are still at a high level.  All of that said, coming into 2016 we expect end market demand to recover in units, and for average TV screen size to continue to grow. Specifically, we expect sell-through units to be up low single digits and for average screen size to grow at least 1.5 inches. We think demand for IT in units will be consistent with 2015 and screen sizes will grow slightly. As you can see on the slide, the biggest contributor to glass area growth is screen size. TV screen size grows annually driven by affordability. As TV prices decline, consumers can buy a bigger TV for the same price. For example, today you can purchase a 50-inch TV for the same price as a 42-inch TV in 2013.  Now for TV units. TV units were down low single digits last year. History tells us that when you have a year with compressed TV consumption, you typically get a rebound the following year. Other drivers supporting growth in 2016 are lower panel prices will have a positive effect on TV retail prices and will therefore increase demand; the U.S. dollar appreciation is less likely to continue; and we expect an improved economy in western Europe. As a result, we expect worldwide TV unit sell-through to be up about 2%, so for the full year, we expect demand for LCD glass at retail to grow in the high single digits. We will share more details on our market outlook for LCD in February at a our investor meeting. Now let’s turn to the display supply chain and look how the end market in terms of glass sell-through interacts with glass demand. On this chart, the green line is end market demand, and the blue line is glass market demand. When the green line is below the blue, panel makers are running at higher utilizations to build inventory to support an upcoming retail season. When it’s below, inventory is being depleted by pull through at retail. You can see in the time frame of Q1 to Q3 of ’15, the glass market was flat because panel makers were maintaining utilization in anticipation of the retail season, and it resulted in a significant inventory build. Beginning in the third quarter of ’15 through Q1 of ’16, glass market demand is lower as panel makers lower utilization in reaction to falling panel prices and a weaker end market. Panel maker utilization and the glass market are expected to be down sequentially in Q1, allowing the supply chain to reduce inventory. The combination of a healthier supply chain and end market growth will lead to panel maker utilization increasing and our glass volume growing as the year progresses. We expect this to start in the second quarter. Now to sum up the year for glass demand. In Q1, we expect the glass market and our volume to be down mid to high single digits. The good news is that lower panel maker utilization will help draw down inventory. We expect glass demand to resume strongly in the second half, and we expect glass demand for the full year to grow in the mid single digits. Now let’s turn to the bright spot - glass pricing. Pricing in 2015 was the best in five years. Q4 price declines were less than any other quarter last year, and we expect glass prices in Q1 to decline moderately sequentially. The price decline in Q1 is typically the highest quarterly decline of every year because Q1 is when annual supply agreements are finalized. Our moderate Q1 price decline this year equals the best Q1 declines we’ve seen in five years, despite this very tough environment. We think our display strategy passed a significant test and that Q1 pricing is a strong indicator that we can maintain favorable pricing going forward and deliver on stabilizing returns. Now moving to the yen. As a quick refresher, we sell our display glass in yen. We have hedged through 2017 at an average rate of 99. With the stability our hedging program gives to our display cash flows, investors naturally ask, what happens in 2018 and beyond? Our response is that we’ll consider extending our hedge position as we gain certainty on our future yen flows and when the currency market offers an attractive yen-dollar rate opportunity. We are happy to announce progress on this front. Late last year, we extended our long-term supply agreements with our two largest customers. We extended our agreement with Samsung and BOE through 2025 and 2028 respectively. This greatly increases our confidence in future yen flows.  On the rate front, I’m sure you all noted the recent volatility in the currency markets and the brief strengthening of the yen. We took advantage of this opportunity to add to our hedge position. At this point, we are hedged for approximately 70% of our anticipated yen flow from the time period of 2016 to 2022 at an average rate of 106. For those investors who were concerned about our yen exposure beyond 2017, this action will greatly mitigate those concerns. Because our capital allocation framework factored in weak yen scenarios, the additional hedges give upside to our expected operating cash flow in our four-year plan, so while the yen will always be an important topic, we significantly reduced the downside risk and increased the certainty in our ability to return greater than $10 billion to shareholders over the next four years. Now let’s get into fourth quarter financials. For the quarter, we met and in a few places exceeded our expectations, and we also beat consensus. As a reminder, these are core results. Sales in the quarter were $2.4 billion and higher than consensus. This was down 5% versus last year’s strong fourth quarter. Corporate gross margin was 42%, as expected. This is consistent with Q3 but lower than last year. Most of our businesses have a relatively high fixed cost structure, therefore the decreased sales lower our gross margin as a percentage of sales versus last year.  S&A and RD&E were down versus last year in absolute dollars. S&A was a bit higher than we expected due to external fees associated with our external transactions. These expenses are one-time in nature and we do not expect them to repeat. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was lower than expected. Congress passed the extenders bill in December and this reduced our tax expense by approximately $20 million.  Net income was $429 million and lower than last year. The lower earnings reflect the lower volumes, mainly in display, and the impact of foreign exchange rates. Additionally, last year we received payment regarding an IP dispute that did not repeat. EPS was $0.34 and exceeded consensus.  For the full year, our sales and earnings reflected the macroeconomic headwinds in the back half of the year.  Now let’s look at detailed segment results, beginning with display technologies. Display performance in Q4 was in line with our guidance. Volume was down slightly, price declines were moderate, as expected, and the lowest sequential decline in 2015. Display sales were $903 million and net income was $234 million. As a reminder, in Q4 last year we received a payment regarding an IP dispute that did not repeat. As anticipated, in the fourth quarter panel makers again lowered utilization in response to the softer end market I already mentioned, which resulted in volume down low single digits for the glass market. Our volume was down slightly sequentially, a bit better than market declines due to the favorable resolution of a customer dispute leading to recovery of the missed volume at that customer. Sequentially, fourth quarter price declines were moderate, as expected, and declined less than in Q3. During the quarter, we secured the majority of our 2016 volume under customer agreements, helping us maintain stable share which in turn enables us to be more efficient in planning, manufacturing and reducing costs.  Display sales were down 8% for the full year and net income was down 14%. The reduction in net income is the result of the slower growth of the LCD glass market at retail in 2015 that I already spoke to. We had many accomplishments in display in 2015. I already talked about the favorable pricing. We extended long-term supply agreements with two major customers that go to the middle of the next decade. The integration of CPM continues to go well and we exceeded our synergy target. Finally, we reduced costs by more than 10% and we continue to maintain our significant cost leadership. Now moving to optical communications, which performed better than our guidance. Q4 sales were $736 million and up 9% versus last year, driven by acquisitions and growth in fiber-to-the-home. This was better than expected, driven by stronger carrier network sales. Net income was $47 million in Q4. Net income was down 2% versus last year, which is not what you would expect with sales growth. This is mostly about mix. We had less of our sales in our higher margin data center integrated solutions and more of our sales in lower margin products like cable from our newly acquired Korean operation. We also experienced higher cost in our fiber business. We are addressing the cost issue and we expect overall profitability to improve in 2016.  For the full year, we are very pleased with optical communications performance, which well exceeded our goal of growing more than two times the telecom industry capex rate. Sales were up 12% to $3 billion, driven by growth in nearly all parts of our business. Sales would have been up 16% without the impact of FX. Net income was up 28% and significantly more than sales growth. The improved profitability was driven by the additional volume in fiber-to-the-home and data center solutions and strong manufacturing performance. In environmental, Q4 performance was also better than expectations. Q4 sales were $254 million, up 2% versus last year. Without the impact of FX, sales would have been up 5%. During the quarter, China implemented a stimulus program for car sales, and that drove demand for our light duty products higher than expected. Soft demand in China for heavy duty products continued. Year-over-year profitability was down, as expected and similar to Q3. It was driven mostly by the weaker euro and lower volume in the heavy duty China market.  For the full year, sales were down 4% and net income was down 12%. Sales would have been up 2% without the impact of FX and profitability would have been consistent with record 2014 performance. In 2015, we expected growth in the global auto market and we expected another year of growth in North America and China heavy duty truck production. We invested capacity to support this growth. We grew as expected in all markets except for China, where heavy duty truck builds were down 30% and China’s auto growth, while stronger in Q4, was less than expected for the full year.  As we start 2016, we see continued strength in the auto market but are being impacted in our heavy duty segment in China and now in North America, which is coming off a two-year peak. As a result, we are carrying costs associated with capacity that is currently under-utilized but is ready and will deliver expanding margins when market volumes resume. We have taken action on costs which continues through the first half, and we expect gross margin percentages to improve year-over-year, beginning in the second half of 2016. Moving on to specialty materials, which performed in line with guidance, Gorilla Glass volume was down sequentially and versus a strong Q4 of ’14, as we expected. This reflected the reduction of supply chain builds compared to a very strong build in Q4 of ’14. Sales were $275 million and net income was $44 million. Segment net income was up 40% in Q4 mainly due to improved gross margins in Gorilla versus last year, aided by Gorilla Glass 4 prices, improved cost, and the non-repeat of a one-time unfavorable item last year.  For the full year, specialty material sales were down 8% driven by lower sales of advanced optics. Sales in advanced optics were down related to the completion of a large aerospace and defense program, softer demand in the semiconductor industry, and the weaker euro. Net income, on the other hand, was up 11% driven by Gorilla Glass volume growth, adoption of Gorilla Glass 4, and cost reductions. We are pleased with our Gorilla Glass business. The market demand for cover glass was up approximately 10% in 2015, and we gained share with the big China OEMs and on touch notebooks. Additionally, the successful introduction and adoption of higher priced Gorilla Glass 4 had a very favorable impact on our profitability. In life sciences, Q4 sales were $202 million while sales and net income were down year-over-year driven by foreign exchange. For the full year, sales were down 5% and net income was down 12%, but both would have been up excluding the impact of foreign exchange.  Q4 gross equity earnings from Dow Corning were $78 million, as expected. Hemlock contributed $39 million of the total, up from Q3 driven by customers fulfilling their annual contracts. For the full year, Dow Corning’s equity earnings were $245 million.  Now let’s turn to our balance sheet and cash flow. We delivered free cash flow in the quarter of $628 million and over $1 billion of adjusted operating cash flow. For the full year, we generated $3.2 billion in adjusted operating cash flow and spent $1.25 billion on capex, and had free cash flow of $1.5 billion. As Wendell indicated, more than $3 billion in adjusted operating cash flow for the full year really gives us confidence in our ability to deliver our capital allocation plan. During the quarter, we spent $1.3 billion on share repurchases. This reflects our accelerated stock repurchase program. For the full year, we spent $3.2 billion on repurchases and lowered outstanding shares by 151 million shares. We ended the year with $4.6 billion of cash, with approximately $1 billion in the U.S. Now for the outlook. We expect the global economic headwinds to persist in the first quarter and to impact all of our businesses year-over-year. We expect the first quarter to be the weakest of 2016, and we anticipate growth will recover in subsequent quarters.  Let’s begin by looking at each of our businesses. This morning, I will provide our Q1 expectations with some additional color on the full year. You can expect to hear more about our business outlook at our upcoming IR day. Beginning with display, to repeat what I said earlier in the call, in Q1 we expect the glass market and our volume to be down mid to high single digits, driven by lower panel maker utilizations that I already mentioned. Once the supply chain returns to normal, we expect panel maker utilization and our glass volumes to grow. We expect this growth to start in Q2. We expect our LCD glass prices to decline moderately sequentially. Given how our contracts work, we are confident that the price declines will be moderate in the quarter.  As we have previously explained, we expect this more favorable pricing environment to continue and maybe even improve for two primary reasons. First, the financial situation of our competitors indicate that they cannot continue historical price declines and remain profitable; and second, as we said before, we believe that glass supply and demand will remain balanced throughout the recent weakening in panel demand. We are keeping capacity offline to match our supply to our demand. Other glass suppliers have said publicly that they have levers to take similar actions. For these and other reasons, we continue to believe that our quarter-over-quarter price comparisons will be better for us going forward than they have been overall in the past.  To summarize display, we expect our volume in Q1 to reflect the weaker retail market and lower panel maker utilization, and we will manage supply to demand. We do not believe that the current economic environment reflects any fundamental change to our longer term drivers of TV demand and that the end market will recover in 2016. Moving to optical communications, for the first quarter we expect sales to be up low to mid single digits versus last year. For the full year, we expect our sales to be up mid single digits and exceed our goal of at least two times the overall industry capex growth rate.  Turning to environmental, the U.S. heavy duty truck market is forecasted to be down about 20% in 2016 after a two-year peak, and we also expect China’s heavy duty market to remain weak. This will impact our heavy duty volume and segment sales in Q1. We expect sales to be down approximately 10% versus last year. We do expect auto production to increase this year, but we do not expect it to offset the lower heavy duty demand and continued FX drag, so our outlook for the full year is for environmental sales to be down slightly from 2015.  In specialty materials, we expect Gorilla Glass volume to grow in the high single digits this year; however, in Q1 segment sales are expected to decline mid-teens year-over-year due primarily to the absence of a ramp for new product launches by mobile device manufacturers like we had in Q1 of ’15. For the full year, we anticipate double-digit sales and net income growth in specialty materials, driven by Gorilla Glass. In life sciences, we expect Q1 sales to be up low single digits versus last year with underlying growth offset by the weaker euro. For the full year, we expect to grow sales faster than the market, which is expected to be up low single digits. Continuing with the rest of our Q1 forecast, we expect gross margin to be approximately 41%. This is a one point decline sequentially due to the expected lower display and lower Gorilla Glass volume. We expect gross margin to improve with volumes in our businesses, starting in the second quarter.  SG&A and RD&E spending will be approximately 14% and 8% of sales respectively. We expect other income/other expense to be a net expense of approximately $50 million. We expect Q1 equity earnings from Dow Corning to be approximately $45 million. This is down from Q4, where polysilicone customers met annual contract obligations. For the full year, we expect slight growth in both silicones and polysilicone sales. We expect our effective tax rate for 2016 to be in the 16 to 17% range.  That concludes our outlook for the first quarter. Now I will hand the call back to Wendell to summarize before we go to Q&A.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Tony. Well, no surprise - the global economy is impacting our company. Nonetheless, we continue to make solid progress on many critical fronts. Despite the worst display industry environment in five years, glass price declines are the smallest they’ve been in five years. This provides us a good foundation for stabilizing returns in this business. We’re generating excellent operating cash flow and we are returning cash to our shareholders. We are beating the competition and we have a great opportunity ahead of us, as exemplified by our recent progress on attacking the automotive glazing market with Gorilla Glass. We look forward to sharing many more details of our strategy and capital allocation framework at our annual investor meeting next week.  Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Wendell and Tony. We’ll now open the lines for questions. Lois?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Vijay Bhagavath from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: Hey, good morning to you. Great call, and you guys are doing an amazing job with keeping your displays steady with all these gyrations going on. The question for you is, it’s no surprise that China consumer demand is starting to weaken, especially in terms of sentiment with all the drama we are seeing in the China market there. Do you anticipate heading forward into the rest of the year further weakness in TV demand from the Chinese consumers? My guess is roughly 40% of HDTV sales will be to the China market, so that’s where I’m coming from, to get some qualitative commentary from you through the rest of the year if China consumer demand for TV sets would deteriorate, how that would impact your displays business. Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint actually, last year China was one region that had strong growth on a year-over-year basis, and that includes in the fourth quarter where there strong sales on things like the singles day on November 11, and also sales starting in the early part of December for the Chinese New Year. I think the important thing to keep in mind when we look at our growth on sales on a year-over-year basis, at glass at retail, what really drives a lot of that growth, of course, is what happens with the screen size. As you saw in the chart that we presented, that’s the biggest single driver of our growth on a year-over-year basis. We think sales are going to be up 2%, TV unit sales on a year-over-year basis. It could be a little bit weaker than that, but we think our range of being up in the high single digits, we feel pretty good about that, and a lot of that actually has to do with the screen size growth.
Vijay Bhagavath: A quick follow-up, if I may, the Summer Olympics would mostly be broadcast in 4K. Do you anticipate any meteor spike in 4K TV demand because a lot of us would like to watch the Summer Olympics in 4K? Thanks.
Tony Tripeny: We would love for you to watch the Summer Olympics in 4K. I think when we look at 4K demand in general, it did increase in ’15 to about 28 million units. We expect it to probably come close to doubling in ’16, that price points are getting closer to 1.5, which we think will increase the adoption from a demand standpoint. But you know, it’s always hard to tell on sporting events. Often it does give us a little bit of a pick-up like before, but from a whole year standpoint, it’s kind of hard to distinguish them.
Vijay Bhagavath: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall: Hi guys, thanks for the questions. So I’ve got a couple for you. The first one, I wanted to just dive into macro more broadly. You’re indicating a weaker Q1 than we expected but a pretty strong full-year guide, and I’m just wondering behind that, what you’re assuming for macro through the year. You said that the first half of the year, you expect it to be weak, but it looks like heavy duty trucks are slow - that’s usually a pretty good leading indicator of macro. We see a lot of indicators that the U.S. is weakening, so just curious to hear what your views of macro through the year are that inform that full-year guidance. Second question I wanted to ask, Tony, was on the hedging. Can you talk about the fade of the hedging? You said 70% coverage. I assume that’s higher in the early years and then fades through that period, but can you give us a little bit more color on that?  Finally, optical was very strong. Any color on regional strength or project strength there? Thanks a lot.
Tony Tripeny: Okay, well first, starting from a macroeconomic standpoint, we’re not expecting a whole lot of change relative to the macroeconomics in 2016. I think as we look at each of our business units and what’s driving the growth there, a lot of it is continuations of what we have seen in 2015. I mean, the one area that we do think will be down on a year-over-year basis is the one that you mentioned, which is in heavy duty trucks in North America. We expect to see continued weakness in heavy duty trucks in China, and that’s why environmental in total we think will be down in low single digits. From a yen standpoint, actually we’re covered really throughout that--we were covered very significantly in ’16 and ’17, and then as we go out after that, we’re covered at a lower percentage than that, so you are correct on that.  Then Wendell, you want to talk about what’s happening in optical, it’s mostly in North America. 
Wendell Weeks: Sure. I’ll hit on all three of Rod’s questions. First, good to hear from you, Rod. On the macro front, bottom line is we’re planning on not that exciting an economy in this coming year. Where you see us recovering as the year goes on mainly has to do with the supply chain correction in display and some pick-up in some very specific areas where we have very high margin product sets, like in Gorilla and some particular market segments in opto that have less to do with the economy and more to do with just the cycle of product introductions or where they are in their build cycles. But in general, we’re with you - we don’t see that much good news in the economy here in the near term.  On the yen, yes it fades. What Tony and his team have managed to do here is the coverage is still quite high all the way out for a lot of years, so in many ways this has just lopped off the downside risk at the end, and the compliment I would make to him and his team is once we got in place the long-term supply agreements, it gave us confidence we were going to have the end flows. Then we just bided our time and were disciplined, waiting for what we knew there’d be a volatile moment in the markets, the end would strengthen, and then we had in place all the trades that would make it close at a rate that we think is attractive and gives our shareholders a good shot. In opto, actually though opto is really strong throughout the year, we think it can get stronger because we had two areas that are sort of in a low cycle at quarter four and somewhat in quarter one, which is the ultra-data center market. We’re sort in between big builds in fiber-to-the home, right? We’re sort of wrapping up in Australia, we’ve got new ones on board that are going to be coming on stream, so right now opto continues to feel strong mainly because of how superior our product set is and the extent that we’re really beating the competition in all of our core high value-add systems.
Rod Hall: Great, thanks a lot guys, and congrats on the hedging.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, buddy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. It’s Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Just as a follow-up to the previous question and focusing on your display, what is it in the supply chain that you see that gives you the confidence with your year-end unit volume up 5%? I ask that because this would suggest very strong sequential growth in Q2, Q3 off of your Q1 guide. So anything company-specific or supply chain-specific that you can offer that gives us confidence would be great, and I have a follow-up.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think when you go back and take a look at that chart on the demand that happens from a glass market standpoint and then from the retail market, what happens when panel makers lower their utilization, it gives an opportunity for there to be a significant reduction in inventory. Some of that happened in Q4, and we expect more of that to happen in Q1. Once that happens, then you’re much more aligned with where panel maker utilization will increase their utilization and our glass volume will grow. We do expect that to happen more in the second half, but we do think there will be growth in the second quarter. 
Wendell Weeks: Mehdi, all I would add is I think to get a handle on this, you go back to that slide you saw from Tony, it’s that slide that says Expect 2016 Retail Market Growth of High Single Digits. What that is--the first thing to get comfortable with is where do you see TV units? It’s not a big part of the overall growth story, but that’s up 2%, we think. Then it’s about size, and we’ll share more about this at the IR day, but television screen size has been one of the surest bets in display, and we expect that to contribute a lot, and then of course IT and small adds a little. So the first thing to get comfortable about is what do you think about total LCD glass area growth, and we’re sort of in line with what we see out of the most trusted external sources, and we have some specific thoughts on TV screen size. Then we go from that 8 to 10% to then we’re going to see the supply chain decline and use up some of that growth, and that’s what will take us to up mid-single digits.  So I think, Mehdi, the first thing to get comfortable about is what do you think is really happening at demand, and we’ll try to give you some of those details so you can make a good judgement, okay? 
Mehdi Hosseini: Great, thanks for the detailed color. Then moving on the specialty, with diversification of applications into auto, it’s great that you have customer diversification, but can you help us understand how the margin profile is going to play out, especially in the past one particular customer may have pressured you on the prices. Now that you have diversification of application and customer, should we expect the recent improvement in operating margin will sustain?
Wendell Weeks: Now when you say auto, are you speaking about glazing or are you speaking about our environmental approach?
Mehdi Hosseini: Glazing, the Gorilla application, Gorilla using other applications.
Wendell Weeks: I think the way you should think about the way we’re going to price this, is you should think about it sort of in the range of what we sell LCD glass for. So it’s not going to be as profitable as some of our consumer electronics Gorilla stuff is, but it’s still going to be quite profitable as you take a look at our display business. The key thing here isn’t going to be how profitable it’ll be. The key thing is going to here is how successful can we be about turning that market up on its head with our new lightweight solutions. If we can do that and get the volume, we’re all going to love the profitability because we already have the capital in place, really. So the first $400 million of revenue we get in that business is going to be like a free shot on goal, because we’ll be able to create that capacity rather than through capital spending and rather through productivity in our LCD and Gorilla businesses. So the key thing to watch there is, can we get that volume closed, Mehdi.
Jeff Evenson: This is Jeff, and as we move from the glazing market to the interior of the car, we see strong potential there for actual selling for more than we do, even in the consumer electronics space, because managing reflection and durability is so much more important in a car than it is even on your phone.
Wendell Weeks: Jeff, from your mouth to God’s ears! That’d be great. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. So if you had 16% net margin for specialty material in 2015, is that the bogey--is that something that we could model for going forward?
Wendell Weeks: I think for auto, what we ought to do is reflect a little, and let’s see what we can do to help you in thinking, if you mean for auto. For specialty, I think what we would hope, what we’re trying to get done in Gorilla is we’re introducing ever more advanced product sets in terms of pure glass that sort of our revenue per device will go up, and with that our margin, as well as we’re also going to add some other features to increase our revenue even further, and those may be at a little lower margin. But in auto, I think we owe you--once we get a little bit more momentum going, we owe you how to think about that business. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Joseph Wolf from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf: Thank you. Just two follow-up questions. I guess I’ll start with auto. I just want--as you look at the selling proposition right now, it sounds like the assets are in place, but when you go to these auto guys now that you have the glazing relationship, are you selling weight reduction, and does oil pricing matter, or are you selling visibility optics and clarity, and how is that resonating with the customer base right now?
Wendell Weeks: So great question, Joseph. We’re hitting on really three things that are in the value prop. The first is lightweight. Now, despite the low gas prices, all of the car companies sort of by ranks have a target for what they have to increase miles per gallon for their fleet, so they are all very interested in lightweighting the vehicle. They have specific numbers in mind that they pay for every pound or kilo that they save, and with us being able to serve greater than 30% of--reduce weight by greater than 30% of glazing at a price point that looks attractive in terms of those weight buys, that gets traction.  But what we’re also able to do is actually increase the safety of the vehicle, because even though we’re going lighter weight, basically what happens is when you have something like a rock strike, it can penetrate the outer layer of the soda lime glass but then it doesn’t penetrate Gorilla. As well to that safety component is what we’ve been able to show is dramatically reduced windshield replacements, is that with something like a sharp rock strike, basically we could save almost half of windshield replacements because, once again, the glass reacts in a much stronger, tougher way, so you don’t end up with those classic cracks that can happen from thermal shock after you’ve had damage introduced to the glass from something sharp, or blunt for that matter. Then finally, it’s the enhanced experience for the driver because here you’re looking at a purely optical piece of glass. We make this on the same asset sets that we make display, so this piece of glass, because it’s thinner, allows you to have HUD displays that are 70% or more bigger and tremendously clearer. One of the things Jeff did out at the Consumer Electronics Show, and you’ll get a chance to see it at our IR day, is take a look at a HUD that we built in conjunction with Conti, who is the biggest HUD manufacturer in the world. What they said was that we had never seen a HUD display like this, it’s incredible far and away. So it’s all those three things. Are we getting pulled? Without a doubt, people are really excited about it. Now, to calm us all down, damn this industry moves slow, so it just is a very conservative industry - for good reason, right? So man, it’s going to take time for us to build, which is why we keep pointing to these proof points along the way. We’ll know where we are long before the volume shows up. That’s probably more than you wanted to know, Joseph. 
Joseph Wolf: No, that’s great. Just as a follow-up on optical, you started to address this, but what are the levers if you think about the opportunities in between product cycles in the fiber business or builds in different geographies and kind of a seasonal, it sounds like, ultra-data center sort of environment? What are the levers to get the margins up in 2016, and should we expect any of that throughout the year?
Wendell Weeks: I think the two major levers are--you’re on the first one, which you heard Tony talk about, which is about mix. So we make more money when we sell these highly integrated solutions that we’re the only guy in the world that does, so it’s a classic example of capitalism working. For those, we certainly don’t expect there to be less data centers built in the coming year. The main thing that’s happened with the hyper-scale data centers is there was an adjustment from just a couple of key customers that were sort of adjusting their inventory. We expect them to come back online. We’re going to look to expand our presence there, so that’s one way we do it.  The other is more like you say - we’ve got to wait for the right cycles and builds on fiber-to-the-home and how that works. Meanwhile, we’ll do the things we always do on margins - we relentlessly drive our costs down every year, and you can expect that to happen in opto as well. 
Tony Tripeny: That’s exactly right, and one of the things that happened in the fourth quarter will continue a little bit into Q1, but will certainly be resolved by the end of Q1, are just some production issues that we’ve run into, that we will get ourselves worked through. We’re already well into that, and you’ll start seeing margins improve there.
Joseph Wolf: All right, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Patrick Newton from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton: Good morning, Wendell and Tony. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess a two-part question on specialty materials. On the near-term front, you talked about not having some new product releases from customers, but I’m curious - typically you don’t see a sequential step-down of this level in Gorilla, or I guess in specialty materials, barring a meaningful price reduction you saw in 1Q13. So near term, can you talk a little bit about the pricing and volumes that are impacting your 1Q guide? And then guiding to the very strong remainder of the year, can you touch on what is driving this? Is this the beginning of some automotive benefits entering the model? Is touch accelerating new applications, or is the largest demand driver from a large customer on new product launches?
Tony Tripeny: Sure, so first starting with the Q1, I think there’s two things that are going on in Q1. One is clearly the volume, as we don’t see that launch like we did a year ago, and I think there is lots of people out there in the overall mobile device supply chain that have announced the similar type things, and we’re seeing that in Q1 also. Q1 is where we do some price declines, but that’s--this is not like what you saw in 2013. This is mostly related from a volume standpoint. In terms of what’s going to drive the rest of the year, it’s not about automotive and getting a win there. This is all about consumer electronic devices and, as Wendell said, our ability to add value onto those devices. 
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think you’ve got it, Patrick, that it’s going to primarily get driven by major new launches. As those new product sets come out, we see that natural surge up in supply chain at a profitability going to continue to come at us as Gorilla 4 continues to penetrate more. That’s a product that we make more money on than we did on Gorilla 3, and hopefully we can keep that trend going, Patrick.
Patrick Newton: Great, and then just as a follow-up, Wendell, in your prepared remarks you said that weeks of display inventory grew at the highest level, or is that the highest level in five years? And then you said that area gross in display was at the lowest level in five years, while also adding in several times in both the prepared remarks and Q&A that area growth or larger screen sizes is the key driver for display. So I guess first, can you quantify where weeks of inventory currently stands in the display business, and then on the growth of TVs, you did guide for an increase of at least 1.5 inches, but given that we probably saw that much or more in 2015, do you anticipate that area growth will re-accelerate year-over-year, or have we passed that inflection point and should actually start to see area growth rates slow? 
Tony Tripeny: So first on the supply chain, we aren’t going to give the number of weeks - we’ve stopped doing that, but I think it’s safe to say it was very high at the end of the year. It did come down versus Q3, but it still ended up very high and all of our remarks and thoughts about what’s happening in Q1 is definitely based on that. From a screen size standpoint, I think screen size, we think was up about 1.2, 1.3 inches. It was depressed a little bit because there was a big Mexico incentive program, and we expect, as we said, in 2016 for it to be more than an inch and a half. How much more than an inch and a half it is, we don’t know. We’ve certainly done some work and some analysis on that, and if it ends up being more than that, then of course the market will be a little higher.
Wendell Weeks: Yes Patrick, I’d just add to that. Last year, it wasn’t so much that the screen size was dead - it grew, right? And as Tony said, the Mexican subsidy was about specifically 24-inch TVs or something like that, some ridiculously small TV. But what happened and the dynamic was the units went down, and that is, I think, the key that is different between this coming year and last year. So we expect units to sort of pop back, as well as little bit more oomph coming out of screen size.  You know, it’s debatable, it’s hard to see for sure into the future, but every other time we’ve seen a little dip like this, a compression in television demand, the year after usually bounces back a lot stronger than what we’re guiding at. Right now, there’s a lot of other qualitative factors we can add up, but hey, it’s a legitimate question, Patrick.
Patrick Newton: Thank you. Tony, in case I missed it, did you give capex guidance for 2016?
Tony Tripeny: No, we need you to come to the IR meeting next week.
Patrick Newton: All right, see you there. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: You’re going to want to see the displays anyway, man! It’ll be worth coming.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, that will not be the highlight of the evening!
Patrick Newton: All right, thank you for taking my question.
Ann Nicholson: We’ll do one more quick question.
Operator: Thank you. That question will come from the line of Doug Clark from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Doug Clark: Great, thanks for sneaking in my question here. Something that wasn’t touched on during the call, I’m just curious about the transition to even thinner glass, kind of 0.3mm and below. Are we seeing that in any real material volumes at this point, or is it still kind of lapping through the transition to 0.5 and 0.4?
Wendell Weeks: Not yet. Not yet. That’s a good question for Mr. Clapton when he shows up at our IR meeting, but not yet. We’ve certainly got a number of folks talking to us about it. It’s certainly something that we can do, but we haven’t seen the big shift start as of yet.
Doug Clark: Okay, great. Then my one additional follow-up was just on the inventory situation throughout the supply chain. I was just wondering if the utilization cuts are a global phenomenon; in other words, are you also seeing utilizations come down in China as well, or is it more developed market dynamics that are responding to the panel price declines?
Wendell Weeks: That is a really clever, insightful question, very clever. So we’ve seen something a little different in the supply chain in 2015 than we have in other years. Typically the panel makers have gotten-well, not typically, but the panel makers have gotten a lot sharper. When panel prices are falling and they start to approach sort of their cash cost, they have been not keeping any inventory and they have been rapidly adjusting their utilization. We saw that from most of the highly established developed panel makers. We saw less of a reaction out of the major Chinese panel makers, some of whom are really big customers, who continued to run their panel fabs probably longer than they should have. We’ve seen a build-up of some very small size TVs in that set; however we’re seeing them adjust now.  But that’s a very clever question. It’s something we’re going to have to keep an eye on to get an understanding of will the emergence of these strong Chinese players mean that the supply chain is going to run a little fatter than it used to, or is it just a matter of where they are in their own cycle of learning? We need a little more data to know.
Doug Clark: Great, well I appreciate that color. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks Doug. Thanks guys. I think we’ll end the call now. We have a few announcements first. As Wendell said, our annual investor meeting is on Friday, February 5 at Cipriani Wall Street in New York City. You can register for the event on our website. Wendell, Tony, Jeff and our business leaders will be present, and you’ll have a hands-on opportunity to step into the glass age with Corning. We’ll be sharing our very popular exhibits from the recent Consumer Electronics Show. We’ll also be at the Goldman Sachs conference on February 9 in San Francisco and Morgan Stanley on March 1, also in San Francisco.  Thank you all for joining us today. Playback of the call is available beginning at 11:00 and will run until 5:00 pm on Tuesday, February 9. The phone number is 800-475-6701, and the access code is 382853. The audiocast is available also on our website during that time. Lois, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you very much.
Operator: You’re welcome.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Three 2015 Earnings Results. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Roxanne. Good morning. Welcome to Corning's Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures, and our results are presented in core performance measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website. We have slides posting live on her webcast that are accompanying our formal comments, and they will be available on our website later this morning. Now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ann. Good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by welcoming Tony Tripeny, our new CFO, and Jeff Evenson, our new Chief Strategy Officer. Welcome, Tony and Jeff. As we reported in this morning's press release, macroeconomic headwinds are affecting our performance in the near term. Our businesses were slowed by the weakening global economy, the unexpected devaluation of the Chinese currency, and the softening in the television and IT retail markets. Consequently, our third quarter results were lower than implied by our first half performance. We expect these headwinds to continue into the fourth quarter. Now despite these temporary challenges, we like our long-term opportunities. Consumers want bigger screens and more bandwidth and touch everywhere. The demand for cleaner air is accelerated, and our innovation portfolio is rich with opportunities. Given that, I would like to use my time with you today to introduce our new strategy and capital allocation framework. We believe that the framework provides clearer guidelines to define our portfolio and our commitment to excellent capital stewardship. Tony will then review our third quarter results and we'll conclude by taking your questions. First, it's useful to review our current position. We have delivered outstanding industrial performance. Over the past decade, we've grown sales, NPAT, EPS and operating cash flow at double-digit rates. We've beaten the competition on growth in each of our segments. We've innovated to achieve the lowest cost position in key businesses, and we've created new-to-the-world product categories such as Gorilla Glass, our heavy-duty diesel substrates and filters, and our customized fiber-to-the-home solutions. And as we look forward, our innovation pipeline is full. Taken as a whole, our performance gives us a foundation for sustained cash flow and a tremendous opportunity set. Our leadership priorities for the next four years are simple. We will focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength. We expect to deploy more than $20 billion through 2019. We plan to distribute at least $10 billion to our shareholders, which is roughly half our current market cap. We will also invest $10 billion in growth in sustained leadership. Today, we are announcing the first steps to deliver our plan. Our Board of Directors has increased our share repurchase authorization by $4 billion. We will execute a $1.25 billion accelerated share repurchase program, and we intend to increase our dividend per share by at least 10% annually through 2019. Now let's turn to how we will focus our portfolio to deliver strong financial performance and capital stewardship. Our framework focuses our portfolio on a set of reinforcing capabilities with strong interconnections. The core of what we do is invent, make, and sell. We create value by inventing category-defining products, using transformative manufacturing platforms and building strong, trust-based relationships with the world's leading customers. That process has served us well not only for the last decade of outstanding industrial performance but for more than 160 years. With our new framework, we're seeking to augment that value creation to a more focused and cohesive portfolio that increases our return on innovation. A moment ago, I said that we have tremendous opportunities. From a shareholder value perspective, the challenge is to select the right opportunities. We applied both financial and strategic criteria to making our selections. Our financial hurdles include market size, return on invested capital, and sustainability of margins. Our strategic criteria are about increasing our probability of success and reducing the cost of innovation. We are the best in the world in three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market access platforms. Our probability of success increases as we apply more of these best-in-the-world capabilities. Our cost of innovation declines as we reapply our talent and repurpose our assets. Additionally, by combining multiple capabilities, we create higher and more sustainable competitive barriers. Focusing our portfolio means that 80% or more of our resources go to opportunities that use at least two of these three columns. Our framework allows us to direct up to 20% of our resources at opportunities that leverage a single capability. But when we do that, the potential payoff must be dramatically higher because we know the chance of success will be lower. The framework also means that we will consider removing assets falling outside our core capabilities. While we operate these assets well and they return more than their cost of capital, we recognize that others may find them more synergistic, and we will consider transactions that create value for our shareholders. For example, Dow Corning is a great company that lies outside our core focus and we are currently in discussions with Dow regarding a potential transaction. One of the ways that we maximize our return on innovation is by reapplying our talent and repurposing our manufacturing and market access platforms. Gorilla Glass is a great example. When we developed Gorilla, we reapplied our world-class experts in glass science and optical physics to deliver a new-to-the-world product faster and at lower cost than anyone else in the world could have done. To manufacture Gorilla, we repurposed fusion assets built for our Display business. That saved us about $800 million in capital, greatly enhancing Gorilla's ROIC. We were able to reuse technology and manufacturing capabilities. However, at the time Gorilla started, we didn't have a mobile consumer electronics market access platform. Our confidence in our ability to win with Gorilla convinced us to build that platform. It was a smart decision. And in the future, we can apply other capabilities, such as precision forming or vapor deposition, to products like Project Phire and 3D shapes that leverage our mobile consumer electronics market access. This gives us the opportunity to further increase our returns on innovation. Our approach to leveraging our Optical Communications market access platforms demonstrates how combining multiple capabilities creates bigger and more sustainable competitive advantages. Using glass science and optical physics, we have reinvented optical fiber multiple times, dramatically increasing its performance and lowering its cost. Ceramic science has helped us improve connectors, a critical point of signal loss in communication systems. We use vapor deposition to make fiber, extrusion to make cabling, and precision forming to make connectors. And we are also exploring the use of fusion to make key components for next generation switches and routers. As a result, our Optical Communications customers benefit from all three of our core technologies and all four of our manufacturing and engineering platforms. Ultimately, we want all of our customers to experience all of our capabilities. Now why is that important? Few competitors can match our expertise in any of our individual focus capabilities. When our products derive value from combinations of capabilities, we build dramatically higher barriers to competition. As a result, we can enjoy market-leading positions and margins. Over the next several months, we'll be out with investors to share and discuss more examples of how we will apply this framework to Corning's next set of category-defining products. But for now, let's turn to our 2016 to 2019 capital allocation model. Our plan is to generate more than $20 billion with the majority produced by our growing operating cash flow. We will invest $10 billion of the cash in RD&E, CapEx, and acquisitions. We will distribute at least $10 billion to shareholders. We are committed to annually increase the dividend at a double-digit rate, and we will continue to be opportunistic on share repurchases. As I mentioned earlier, potential transactions may provide upside to shareholder distributions. So that's our new framework. It reflects the financial and industrial strengths of Corning and our ongoing commitment to create value for shareholders through thoughtful capital stewardship. We deliver value by creating life-changing innovations. We are augmenting our value creation by focusing our portfolio and managing it more cohesively. Along the way, we seek to reward our shareholders with significant and consistent cash distributions. I'll now turn the call over to Tony, who will review the third quarter and provide guidance.
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Wendell, and good morning. I like to begin by highlighting my role in executing our framework over the next four years. As you might expect, my emphasis will be on financial discipline, returns, and ensuring we are good stewards of capital. Specifically, I look for us to deliver strong financial results and investment of returns to manage an efficient balance sheet and to lower our cost of capital over time. Currently, we use several metrics to evaluate investment returns, including net present value, internal rate of return, and payback period as well as return on invested capital measured after commercialization. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation and focused on lowest cost have enabled our businesses to have excellent ROIC metrics against their respective industries and well above their cost of capital. Going forward, I will continue to emphasize returns, and I expect us to improve our corporate ROIC over the next four years. I look forward to keeping you updated on our financial strength and focus. Now let's talk about the quarter. As Wendell said, weakening economies, particularly in China, and the stronger dollar impacted our businesses. For example, TV demand is weaker. TV growth in China has slowed. TV demand in Europe, Latin America, and Middle East Africa is softer due to the effect of the stronger dollar on retail prices and continued economic uncertainty. We expect worldwide TV unit sell-through to be down slightly versus last year. IT and mobile demand is weaker, driven by lack of replacement drivers, the strong dollar, and continued economic uncertainty. We expect the worldwide IT market to be down 10% this year and smartphone sales in China to be flat versus last year. China's auto and heavy-duty truck production has slowed through the year. China's auto production is now expected to be flat year-over-year, and heavy-duty truck production is down 34% year to date. Finally, the growth rate of China fiber-optic market is half of what it was last year. Despite these macroeconomic headwinds, we are encouraged by several trends that support our long-term success. We are pleased with the improving pricing environment in Display. The market for cover glass is expected to be up 10% this year, and we are gaining share in China and touch notebooks. We expect to extend our long-term supply agreement with one of our largest LCD customers through 2025, and Optical Communications is expected to deliver another year of double-digit sales growth. Now let's get into third quarter financials. As a reminder, these are core results. In total, sales in the quarter were $2.5 billion, down 5% versus last year. As expected, the stronger dollar reduced sales in the third quarter by $57 million versus a year ago. Without this impact, core sales would have been down 3%. Sales in the quarter were lower than expected due to lower volume of LCD glass, lower sales of environmental products in China, and lower sales in Optical Communications. Corporate gross margin was 42%, which is lower than we expected, driven by the sales components I just described. Most of our businesses have a relatively high fixed cost structure. Therefore, decreased sales lower our gross margin as a percent of sales. I will cover the specifics when I talk about each segment. S&A and RD&E were down versus last quarter and last year in absolute dollars, driven by a compensation accrual adjustment. Net income was down 15% versus last year. One-third of the decline was driven by foreign exchange rates, including the devaluation of the RMB. EPS was $0.34, down 8% versus last year. Now let's look at the detailed segment results, beginning with Display Technologies. Display sales were $936 million in Q3, down 11% versus last year. Sequentially, third quarter price declines were moderate as expected. We are very pleased that the LCD glass pricing environment has been improving for more than a year. We expected panel makers to adjust utilizations in the second half in response to the softer end market I already mentioned. But we weren't sure how much would be in Q3 versus Q4. Sell-through data indicates TV and IT demand in many regions was weaker than our expectations entering the quarter. Panel price declines accelerated during the quarter, and panel makers adjusted utilizations, especially small gen sizes, where prices hit cash cost. Therefore, the glass market was flat sequentially in Q3. At Corning, our volume was down slightly sequentially because of temporary share loss at one of our largest customers due to a contract dispute. The good news is that we have resolved the dispute amicably and expect to extend our long-term supply agreement to 2025 and for our share levels to be in line with the first half of 2015. We also expect to make up the missed volume in the fourth quarter. Net income was down 15% year-over-year and reflects that the expected year-over-year price declines were only partially offset by volume growth, cost reductions, and synergies from CPM. Now for Optical Communications. Sales were up 7% versus last year, driven by acquisitions and moderate growth in North America fiber-to-the-home and data centers. Even though we saw growth in carrier sales, it was less than expected in Canada and Asia due to timing delays of certain fiber-to-the-home projects. In addition, we had an enterprise customer adjust inventory. Net income was up only 1% versus last year, which is lower than we would normally realize with 7% sales growth. We expected more sales in higher margin fiber-to-the-home solutions and maintained cost structures in place to service that demand. In addition to the cost impact, a lower mix of high margin fiber-to-the-home meant a higher percentage of our sales growth came from lower margin businesses, like our newly acquired Korean operation. In Environmental, Q3 sales were $257 million, down 9% or $25 million versus last year. Foreign exchange drove $14 million of the decline. Soft demand in China drove the remaining decline and the miss versus expectations. In North America and Europe, we saw solid growth for our light-duty substrates and continued strong demand for heavy-duty diesel products. Profitability was down more than sales, driven mostly by the softer demand in China for both light-duty and heavy-duty products. We recently built capacity for growth in China, which has added extra cost that was not covered during the quarter by demand. Moving on to Specialty Materials, we are pleased with our Gorilla Glass business. The market for cover glass is expected to be up 10% this year, and we are gaining share in China and touch notebooks. Gorilla Glass volume was up sequentially and consistent with last year's strong Q3, driven by demand at customers ahead of new product launches. We are pleased with the fast adoption rate of Gorilla Glass 4 by our customers and its favorable impact on our average selling price. Overall segment sales were down 12% versus last year. Advanced Optics year-over-year sales remained weak, driven by softness at our semiconductor customers. Year-to-date, AO sales are down almost 20%. Segment net income was down 17% mainly due to the lower sales in Advanced Optics. In Life Sciences, Q3 sales were $211 million. Both sales and net income were down slightly year-over-year driven by foreign exchange. Net income would have increased mid-teens without the impact of the exchange rates. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were $53 million. This is down 22% versus last year due to the absence of a one-time tax benefit recorded in Q3 2014 and the impact of the slowing Chinese economy. Let's turn to our balance sheet and cash flow. We delivered free cash flow in the quarter of $566 million. Our pace of capital spending was down in Q3, and we now expect to spend approximately $1.3 billion for the full year. During the quarter, we spent $827 million on share repurchases. This sequential 32% increase reflects our view that given the company's current performance and future outlook, Corning shares are a very attractive investment opportunity. As Wendell mentioned, the board has increased our share repurchase authorization by $4 billion as part of our plan to return greater than $10 billion to shareholders over the next four years. We will be in the market repurchasing shares both programmatically and opportunistically over this time period. We will execute on a $1.25 billion accelerated share repurchase program during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $5 billion of cash, with approximately $2 billion in United States. Now for the outlook. We expect the global economic headwinds to persist in the fourth quarter and impact most of our businesses year-over-year. Let's begin our business outlook with the Display market. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we see continued softness in both TV and IT markets. This impacts full year retail growth and supply chain inventory. Given the lower end market and the level of inventory at set makers, we expect panel makers to further reduce utilization rates in Q4 and likely into Q1. Our timing on how quickly panel makers reduce utilization could be off and depends on how rapidly panel prices decline. Lower utilization will help drive down absolute inventory during the stronger retail season. Now for the LCD glass industry in the fourth quarter, we expect glass market volume to be down low single digits sequentially and our sales volume to be down only slightly, because we believe we will make up the Q3 share loss at one of our largest customers due to favorable resolution of the contract dispute. In July, we told investors we had levers to control our capacity to demand. We are keeping our capacity offline to match supply to demand by leaving tanks down after repairs and by allocating capacity for development trials. With the lower panel maker utilizations in Q4 likely to continue into Q1, we will manage the startup of tanks down for scheduled repairs to match Q1 supply to demand. We expect glass market supply and demand to remain balanced as we will continue to control our capacity to our demand. Other glass suppliers have said publicly that they have levers to take similar actions. And finally, I will outline our expectations for LCD glass prices. We expect price declines to further moderate in the fourth quarter. This expectation is based on the customer input we have already received about the prices offered by other suppliers for this quarter. Recall that under some of our contracts, our price movement at the customer depends on price movements that were made by comparable suppliers at that customer. These price movements by these suppliers at these customers define the price movement for a substantial portion of our sales. For Q4, because we've already been told how these other suppliers' prices moved, we are confident that our overall price decline will be even less in Q4 than it was in Q3. Additionally, we do not expect that our Q4 pricing will be affected by customers moving from thick to thin. We do not expect our pricing to be significantly affected by the weaker than anticipated glass demand. Glass price declines have been below historic levels for the last 12 months. As we have previously explained, we expect this more favorable pricing environment to continue and maybe even improve for several reasons. First, the financial situation at our competitors indicate that they cannot continue historical price declines and remain profitable. Second, the significant weakening of the Japanese yen has in itself given our customers a significant economic benefit without any decline in the yen price of our glass. And third, as we said before, we believe that glass supply and demand will remain balanced throughout this recent weakening in panel demand. For these and other reasons, we continue to believe that our quarter-over-quarter price comparison will be better for us going forward than they have been in the past. However, as we explained, our glass price movements depend in large part on what is decided between some of our customers and our competitors. So to summarize Display, we expect our volume in Q4 and likely into Q1 2016 to reflect the weaker retail market and we will manage our supply to demand. We expect the improved pricing environment to continue. We do not believe that the current economic environment reflects any fundamental change to the longer-term drivers of TV demand. We continue to expect excellent long-term demand, driven by the replacement of older sets and technology innovations such as 4K TV. Moving to Optical Communications, for the fourth quarter, we expect sales to be up low to mid-single digits versus last year as certain project delays continue. We expect projects to be on track next year. Looking at the full year 2015, we expect another strong growth year with sales up 10% or low teens if you exclude the impact of the stronger dollar. These results are further confirmation of our fundamental growth outlook for our Optical Communications business over the next several years. Turning to Environmental, we expect sales to be down mid-single digits year-over-year, driven by the weaker euro and continued softness in China. In Specialty Materials, we expect Gorilla Glass volume to be down about 10% sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting the differences in new product launch timing and supply chain builds at major brands versus last year. We expect Gorilla Glass 4 to be a significant portion of glass volume in the quarter. We are pleased with the performance of Gorilla Glass and expect double-digit profit growth this year. While Advanced Optics sales are improving sequentially, we expect continued weakness on a year-over-year basis. Overall, we expect total segment sales to be down low teens year-over-year. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be down mid-single digits versus last year, driven by the weaker euro. Without the foreign exchange impact, sales are expected to be consistent with Q4 of last year. Now continuing with the rest of fourth quarter forecast. We expect Q4 equity earnings from Dow Corning to be approximately $80 million. This is up from Q3 due to polysilicon customers meeting annual contract obligations. We expect gross margin to be approximately 42%, consistent with last quarter. This is approximately 1.5 points lower than Q4 last year. As a reminder, corporate gross margin is really an average of five separate businesses. In Q4, Display is lower as a percent of the total company, which will impact the corporate average gross margin, but Display's business percent gross margin is consistent with last year's Q4. Other drivers of the decline are in Optical and Environmental where we have cost structures in place for expected growth. And as I just said, softness in demand is continuing in Q4. We do expect these businesses to grow in 2016, and if they don't, we have levers to adjust costs. SG&A and RD&E spending will be approximately 14% and 8% of sales, respectively. We expect other income other expense to be a net expense of approximately $50 million, and we expect our effective tax rate for 2015 to be in the range of 16% to 17%. That concludes our outlook for the fourth quarter. Now I will hand the call over to Wendell to summarize before we go to Q&A.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tony. To sum up, economic headwinds are impacting our business, but our strong opportunity set, the more stable LCD pricing environment, and our ability to generate cash even in a challenging economy provide a foundation for continued outstanding industrial performance. As we focus our portfolio and utilize our financial strength, we expect to build on our best-in-the-world capability to deliver growth and significant sustained cash distributions to our shareholders. Our framework, intent to increase the dividend at a double-digit rate and accelerated share repurchase program, are important steps in our four-year plan. Over the next several months, we will be out with investors to share more details, and we really look forward to the dialogue. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Tony and Wendell. Operator, we will now open the lines for questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to kick off with a question about the capital program and specifically the $10 billion beyond the capital returns, so the $10 billion that you're going to invest in the business. Wendell, I know you lined out the three core technologies for manufacturing engineering platforms by market access platforms that you're going to be investing in, but can give us any more detail on how that $10 billion or maybe a little less than $10 billion will be deployed against what strategic initiatives? And then any other sort of background on this strategic thinking change and how it developed and so on would be helpful. Thanks. And I have one follow-up.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thanks for the question, Rod. I will deal with the first one first, second, second. As far as sharing how we'll deploy the $10 billion that we are going to invest in our growth and sustained leadership, we will be sharing more in the future about how we think about that allocation towards which of the various platforms we're going to be leaning. But we'd like to do that as we engage with folks like you and our investors over the coming months. There will be pieces of it which are still in stealth that we won't be able to share, but we will be able to give you a pretty good idea of where you can expect to see us place our emphasis. Now to why now really is your question. So really it's three things that are leading us to discuss this at this point in time. The first is, as you know, we have a pretty strong engineering and scientific culture here. And what that means is that we have hypothesis and we test them with control. So the core of the hypothesis here is that we can increase our return on innovation through focus on our three, four, five plan. We have been running experiments to prove that hypothesis. And that also takes a control. And so we have been looking side by side. We've analyzed the data. And what we are able to conclude is that we do see a much higher return on innovation when we use the portfolio as we just described. That increasing productivity of the portfolio helps get at the next two items. The second reason that we're talking about it today is that we had to be confident that we could sustain our cash flows even in a time when the economy wasn't going our way. And we're really confident that we can do that, Rod. And then, finally and perhaps most importantly, when you focus a portfolio, you have to be really sure that there is enough opportunity sets in that portfolio to generate a lot of growth. And where we are right now is very confident in that. The amount of pull from our customer base that makes use of our three, four, five capability sets is quite high. So really, those are the three reasons you are hearing from us today. We've run the experiments, the data's in, the probability of success goes up, cost of innovation goes down, and our competitive advantages go up when we apply it. We're confident we can sustain our cash flow even in times of economic uncertainty, and our opportunity set is big enough that we can benefit from focusing.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Wendell. And then my follow-up was on Display, I mean, a little more short term. Those numbers were actually better than we expected, maybe we were too pessimistic. But I wanted to just see if internally the Display results in Q3 were better than you guys were anticipating. And also if you could comment on how 4K demand is going at this stage, I would appreciate that. Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All right. So, Rod, no, these numbers actually were a little bit worse than what we had expected. When we began the quarter, we thought volumes would be up sequentially, and they weren't. Now some of that, of course, was the contract dispute that I talked about. But the rest of it was panel maker utilization went down a little bit more than we expected, and the reason it did was our expectations for the end market came down during the quarter. And those expectations came down as evidence came in that TV demand was going to be lower for the full year than we thought it was going to be, and that was also true from an IT demand standpoint. I think in the call last time we talked about how we could be wrong on this and it could come down further in Q3, and that's actually what happened than what we originally anticipated.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And 4K?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So 4K continues to track in a way that we like. And now, actually where we're starting to turn a hunk of our focus is what version of 4K can create the most compelling package for our customers. And that is with the add of quantum dot technology as well. But we're really liking the way these sets are looking, the improvements in them from a performance standpoint. It's still too early to call the bend in the curve, right, where it's going to drive replacement cycles. And we've got an awful lot of noise in the marketplace with the really strong dollar, sort of the economic headwinds. So the data just isn't screaming at us yet that we've got that driving replacement cycle feature. But, gosh, you can't help but look at these things technically and really like what you're seeing.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. And thank you for the focus on shareholders being stewards of capital. When I look at the step function jump in cash returns in a tougher macro environment, is part of the framework to get that returns on innovation potentially consolidating cash generating businesses and focusing on higher improved ROIC? For example, if I look at what Corning has done in Display glass, going after both maintaining share and then seeing a lift in industry profits, is that the framework we should see in the other segments such as Telecom and diesel, for example? That will be helpful.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the short version is, yes, you're going to see us use that type of tool. Especially in Telecom, we think we have a lot of potential leverage that looks just like that. So that is one of the things we are going to do as we deploy that $10 billion.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. And when we consider potential asset sales, how should we frame the tax implications considering the JV, I think, began before most of us were born? Is there a large capital gains tax that we should consider? And would there be major depreciation recapture involved as well? So maybe the framework as you potentially divest some assets that began a long time ago.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So, Mark, first, thank you for not making me feel old today. Usually I feel a little bit old, but you're right, we've got some stuff that we started before I was born, which is like nice. All I do is work with young people these days. So I normally feel old. But anyway, I digress. So as far as Dow Corning goes, we're not going to discuss any further than that we have a potential transaction under discussion with our good friends at Dow. Shifting gears and talking about transactions in general, and what happens to our out-of-focus assets. So our out-of-focus assets, as I said, we're running them pretty well and they're generating higher than their cost of capital in terms of returns, but we think that some of these assets may offer more synergy to others. If we can realize that synergy, including any friction costs that may be involved one way or the other for our shareholders, those are the transactions we're willing to consider. As you take a look at the overall framework of being able to deploy $20 billion, right, and investing in our growth and back to our shareholders, any transactions in any of the areas we're talking about represent upside to that deployment. So thanks, Mark, for making me feel younger.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. One last question. If we look at the cost of debt, which is at low levels at the moment, any thoughts on the framework for adding more debt to the balance sheet considering that you'd still want to maintain your credit rating?
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So clearly, I think over the next three or four years, we will be adding debt to the balance sheet. We're not prepared now to talk about what the timing of that is in terms of when we need to do it. Right now, we have good cash balances, $5 billion including $2 billion offshore. And so we're currently working to try to determine what that is. But keep in mind that our objective is to have debt balances of 2x our EBITDA, and over the next few years we will be putting debt on to do that.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Thank you and good luck.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, thanks. Good morning. A bigger picture question for you, Wendell, which is what gets you impatient about the business? Are there any areas or parts of the business that you'd like to see progress quicker or in a different way than you're seeing now? It would be very helpful to hear your points. And then a quick follow-on for Tony.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the short answer to your first question is, yes, there are many things that make me feel impatient, right, about making progress. But in general, I think the most significant source of frustration these days is that as we use our three, four, five plan, right, and we apply our core technology sets in our manufacturing and engineering platforms and our market access platforms, when we try to introduce a new product to a customer who knows us well in other areas, sometimes we forget that different industries move at different speeds. So not everything moves like tech, not everything moves like consumer electronics and mobile consumer electronics. Matter of fact, few things do. So for instance, it is frustrating how long it's taking us to get widespread adoption of lightweight glazing in automotive. It's a heck of a good idea, good for consumers, it's good for the environment, it's good for safety, it's good for almost everything. But the industry, even when you're a highly-valued supplier, as we are, it just takes time. So I think the degree of speed with which our innovation can make a difference to our top line's a little frustrating.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, excellent. And then a quick follow-on for Tony. Give us kind of your view on where do you see the acquisition strategy trending? Any particular product areas, technologies, market transitions? Thanks.
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Thanks, Vijay. I think Wendell said before that we feel like there's big opportunities in the Optical Communications business, both with our internal growth opportunities and applying our three, four, five strategy, but also from an acquisition standpoint. And I would expect that most of our focus, as we go forward the next couple of years from M&A, would be looking in the Optical Communications area. We think we can generate good synergies there. We've got a big powerhouse machine that's there today with $3 billion of sales. And I think it gives us really good opportunities to bring in companies and make them better. We've done three acquisitions this year. And in those acquisitions, we're really happy with our results. And we've been able to prove out, I think, our ability to really drive value with those acquisitions. So I'd expect more of the same.
Vijay K. Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Doug Clark with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to touch on LCD glass pricing a little bit. I understand kind of the three key points that you make about why glass prices could remain stable. On the other side of that and what isn't addressed is kind of the panel maker dynamic, especially as their profit margins continue to erode. Do you see that as a possible area of pressure on your glass pricing going forward to the extent that demand doesn't firm up and remain soft?
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For sure, we think that that's always a possibility and that that could put pricing pressure on us. But I think what we really expect to see is as those panel makers go closer to cash costs that they will cut back their utilizations. We saw that in the third quarter in the small gen sizes, and we think we'll see that over the next couple quarters in the larger gen sizes. And so the reason that we're confident are the three things that I talked about relative to the financial situation with our competitors, the benefit that has happened with the significant weakening of the Japanese yen, and then our ability to keep glass supply and demand balanced by taking capacity offline.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But it's an excellent question, Doug. I mean, as our display maker customers hit the – they never make a lot of money. But as they hit pain, I mean, they will increase the pressure. And then the question's going to be what do our competitors choose to do and do the factors that Tony's laid out, which is as they're basically approaching breakeven in one of them and the others profit is greatly reduced, how do they react to that pressure given that the display makers are on the opposite side of the yen, too, and have gotten that tremendous benefit. So you're on the right question, how that dynamic plays out in the coming quarters is important. I think the good news is, what you heard from Tony was, in this next quarter, we expect our Display pricing to moderate further than it did in quarter three. And the profitability problem is already upon the display makers. So that's encouraging data, Doug, encouraging data.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right. No, that makes a lot of sense. That's very helpful. Thanks. One follow-up to that, more on the volume side. I think last quarter you talked about inventories coming down by about two weeks by the end of the year. Wondering if you can give us an update on where supply chain inventories are. And to the extent that panel makers cut utilizations between 4Q and 1Q, do you think it will be skewed more towards one or the other quarter?
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, right now, our expectations is that there will be some decline in Q4, but it's – we expect that softness is likely to continue into Q1. Part of that is, is that we do know that some panel makers are bringing on capacity in China and we think that that has an impact. Of course, we don't know for sure. We were wrong in our last quarter conference call on how much was going to be in Q3 versus Q4. And, of course, we could be wrong here. We do think that that is what is going to be necessary to get the supply chain inventories at a healthy level. Clearly, since demand is less than what we thought last quarter, even though inventories are going to go down in the fourth quarter, that inventory level at the end of the fourth quarter is a little bit higher than what we would have projected last quarter. And we expect that to bleed off in the first quarter.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. I just wanted to start – you've given a lot of detail on the capital deployment, but I'm – and you mentioned investor input. I'm wondering if you're having some sort of internal, I don't know if we call it a contest with the engineers that you mentioned to go after that capital for projects that they're looking at. And also any pace of the deployment that you're thinking about in terms of over the entire four years or could we wake up one morning and that you've decided to spend half of that on one very specific and targeted project with a lot of growth opportunity?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Great questions, Joseph. So I think you should think of the deployment as fitting our culture, which is – and the way our innovation model works. When you do materials science, when you dig stuff out of the ground or take gases and end up converting them into highly engineered components, that takes time. Since that takes time, the bad news is, is that things don't turn overnight your way. The good news is that things tend not to sneak up on you. So I think you can expect some pretty steady behavior on us. And as we go out and talk to investors, we will give clear indications on here's where our tendency is going to be as far as where we're going to invest that $10 billion and we'll give you a good feel for rough ideas of timing and how that plays. The big thing that we're picking up here with this focused portfolio is increased productivity. And that increased productivity is what's behind our ability to give more to shareholders. So if you were to take a look out over the last 10 years, right, about 30% of the funds we had available we were able to give to shareholders either in the form of dividend or share repurchase. As we look forward over this next four years, because of that increased productivity, we're looking at an ability to do about 50% over that time period. And that will be a steady effort, and that's the way you should expect us to behave. Did that answer your question?
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. No, that was very helpful. Just a follow-up on the Environmental business. If you think about – if you had a view – maybe if I had a view or one had a view on the trucking business globally, how would you expect the business to go in terms of the way trucks are moving? Could they be more negative than you based on that viewpoint? Or is there growth in the Environmental business independent of growth in trucks, especially the heavy-duty or long haul trucking?
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think growth in the Environmental business in total, of course, is going to be driven by both what happens with trucks and light-duty vehicles. And on a global basis, as long as total production for light-duty vehicles increase, you'll see some growth in the Environmental business. And, of course, pollution regulations make a big impact on that business, too. I think from the heavy-duty diesel standpoint, we've seen strong growth in North America over the last couple of years, some of it economically driven, some of it regulation driven. In Europe, the regulations in particular caused nice growth in 2014. I think what we are faced with right now in 2015 in China is just that the truck production is down significantly compared to what it had run at actually over the last six years, and down about 34% on a year-to-date basis. In that, from a very specific to China impact is – impacting us both from a revenue standpoint but also from a cost standpoint because we obviously put cost in place to be able to manufacture to meet that demand. And until those sales turn around, along with the improving regulatory environment there, I mean, that's really what we're looking for in 2016. We think there'll be some improvement in 2016, but we're still waiting to see. We certainly don't think that'll improve much in Q4.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: From the most macro standpoint, it's not the amount of trucks that are bought in the world. That we don't need to grow. What we need is more compliant trucks. And then same thing with cars, even though cars continue to expand and grow very nicely, right? For our automotive – our Environmental business, it is driven by compliance. So the tighter air requirements get, the more of our components get used and as new countries come onboard to clean up their air, that's what adds the big sort of swaths of demand. But it's really excellent question.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we've got time for maybe one or two more calls.
Operator: All right. So the next question then is from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just the first question on the new plan. I guess, when I think about sort of the three, four, five that you laid out, I guess, the three and the four have typically outperformed historically for Corning, but the five has been the one where timing the products to market, et cetera, has been problematic. Under the new focus, can you just discuss how maybe getting products to market or matching your customers or end market needs gets better and timing more predictable? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think in a way, we tend to be – the timing piece for us, by and large, it's possible to miss timing on both ends, right? But where we tend to miss timing is we're ready earlier than our customers which, I guess, beats the heck out of the other (1:01:05), right? So that can lead us to have capacity out ahead of demand. That can lead us to have innovations ready before our customers need to pull them. And it's been one of the lovely things about mobile consumer electronics is it's almost impossible to be faster than those guys. So we continue to work on how do we get better at picking these inflection points, and actually I commented that Jeff Evenson, our new Chief Strategic Officer, is here today. A big part of his new role is to work on exactly that and how do we get a little better at understanding not only the timing basis for our innovation sets, but also when our potential inflection points in our market sets and how should that impact the timing of our capacity decisions. I think you're quite right to note it is an area where we can improve. Hopefully more to come on that topic.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. And then just a very quick follow-up. So if we think about the out-of-focus portfolio, is it safe to assume, then, that it is roughly maybe 20% of your profits today? Or is that a level of detail?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't make assumptions or speculate today on that matter, though I do understand why you are trying to.
Steven Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Thanks for your understanding.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. One last question, Roxanne.
Operator: And that last question comes from Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, Wendell, Tony, Jeff and Ann. Thanks for sneaking me in here. I guess, on the shareholder return or capital allocation framework that you've talked about, one clarification and one question. On the clarification and I think, Wendell, you alluded to this, but is any potential transaction with Dow Corning baked into this current outlook through 2019 or would it be additive to the current outlook? And then, I guess, for Tony, on the global cash use being reduced to about $2 billion, is that going to be focused on acquisition efforts for international targets? Or is it a repatriation part of your strategy? And then I have a follow-up.
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. I think on the first question, any potential transactions, we're not going to talk any more about Dow Corning, but any potential transactions are additive to that number. I mean, what we have very clearly stated is, is that we believe we can deliver more than $10 billion back to shareholders based on our current plans. And anything on top of that from a transaction standpoint would be additive to that. And our bias right now based on what we know would be to have those transactions be additive. But the bottom line is it's additive. In terms of the cash amount on the $2 billion, I mean, I think, clearly, it's our belief that $2 billion is an adequate amount to have from a company standpoint given our cash flow generations. And as a reminder, our goal is to have 2x EBITDA in debt. And our plan is to have that $2 billion reduce that cash over the next couple of years. In terms of where that cash is actually located, it will depend a lot depending on where our taxing policy is in the United States as we can always add the debt in the United States and keep the cash offshore, if that makes sense.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: No, that's helpful. I guess, as a follow-up, I really want to dive into gross margin given some of your commentary. I think in the near term, you're talking about fixed cost absorption as what is pressuring the metric in the September quarter results and then in the December quarter guidance. But if I step back and I look at your gross profit since 2010 and arguably when Display started to mature, it's been on a negative trajectory. It increased in 2014 due to the consolidation of SCP. And now as you're lapping that on a – it seems to be redecelerating. I guess, is this – structurally, how should we think about your gross margin profile perhaps over the next five years or during your capital allocation framework time period, from this 42% level, do you anticipate it will have positive trajectory or will it be sustainable or further pressure?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We do think we're going to have a positive trajectory. I mean, where we are right now, as I explained before, is driven really by a few things. The first item is in our Display business. In the third quarter, our volume was a little bit less than what we expected, and that negatively impacted our cost. But we can take cost out and reduce capacity to meet market demand. We are doing that. And in the fourth quarter, our gross margins are actually consistent in the fourth quarter of 2015 as they were in the fourth quarter of 2014. So the real issues are in Environmental and Optical Communications. And in both those businesses, we put capacity in place for new businesses that isn't showing up today. We expect those businesses to show up in 2016. For some reason they don't show up, we certainly will take the cost down. But the whole purpose of this framework and the integration of this is partly to drive us to the lowest cost producer, and that definitely helps us from a gross margin standpoint. So I think over time, right now, we're certainly having seen some gross margin compression as our sales are going down. But as our sales return, we'd expect gross margins to expand.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Good luck.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Patrick, and thank you, everyone. Just as a reminder, the slides are posted on our IR webpage for your reference. We have a couple of announcements. We will be out visiting investors during the month of November. Also, we will be at the UBS Conference on November 17 in San Francisco and the Credit Suisse Conference on December 1 in Scottsdale. Thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call is available beginning at 11:00 a.m. Eastern and will run until 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, November 10. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 370570. The audiocast, of course, is available on our website as well during that time. Roxanne, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Two 2015 Results. This conference is being recorded. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Brad, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Tony Tripeny, Corporate Controller. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website. We have slides posting with our webcast today live that go with the formal comments. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to share with you our second quarter results, but before I dive into earnings, I'd take a minute to highlight our July 21 organizational announcement. In case you missed it, I announced my retirement effective at the end of November. After 42 years with one of the world's most enduring and successful companies. And with the company in a very strong financial and operational position, I believe it's a good time to hand the reins over to the next generation of leaders. I'm very pleased today to introduce you to Tony Tripeny, our current Corporate Controller, who many of you have met and who will become Corning's Chief Financial Officer in September. Tony has 30 years of finance experience at Corning, including playing a key role in numerous acquisitions. In the last 10 years as Corporate Controller, Tony has been integral in forming and executing their current strategic framework and most recently delivering more than two years of earnings growth. Tony has worked very closely with me and more importantly, he and Wendell worked together for many years, including time in our telecom business. I'm delighted that Tony is succeeding me. I'll be taking some time to introduce Tony to our investors over the next few months. For today, Tony will be joining Wendell and me for the Q&A portion of the call. So now let's turn to our performance. Our results clearly demonstrate we're executing to our 2015 plan, which we laid out for our investors in early February at our Investor Day. Our businesses are delivering strong results, our acquisitions are delivering synergies and opportunities for new growth, and we're returning even more cash to shareholders. So let's start with a quick look at our overall first half performance. Core sales were up 2.3%, and without the impact of foreign exchange, that increase would have been 4.7%. We are delighted with this increase, especially knowing we are not counting on sales growth from the Display segment. Our earnings and EPS growth were even more impressive over the first half. Earnings were up 10.5% and would have been up 13.4% without the impact of FX. And we leveraged those earnings growth into higher EPS growth through our share repurchase program. EPS was up 15.9%, and without the impact of FX, it was up 19%. We're delighted by these strong performance numbers, particularly given this period of low economic growth, and we hope you are also. Now I'd like to highlight some specifics. In our Optical Communications business, we've been strategically positioning ourselves over the last several years by focusing on product innovations and acquisitions to capture growing demand in optical networks. And we are winning. Customers are increasingly turning to our innovative solutions to solve their speed, capacity and cost challenges. And while the overall telecom CapEx market grows by 2%, the optical portion is more than double that at 5%, and we're growing faster than the optical portion, in particular with our advantage solutions in fiber-to-the-home data centers. We're growing at twice the pace in the optical portion of the telecom market. This strong performance began several years ago, and we think it will continue. Now let's focus again on the first half of 2015 and compare it to the first half of 2013. Sales over this period are up 40%, and NPAT is up 72% over the last two years. We had strong results again in Q2 which I'll cover in more detail in a minute. I want to emphasize the strong performances driven by both organic and inorganic sales growth. Before the impact of FX, our Q2 organic sales were up 10%. And we grew 21% before FX, including the sales from acquisitions. We expect this outperformance in our Optical Communications business to continue over the next several years, assuming continued adoption of both fiber-to-the-home and bigger more efficient data centers. Now turning to Gorilla Glass, Gorilla Glass remains the cover glass of choice for branded devices and is gaining share. Additionally, we have new products that are gaining traction and even more in the pipeline. First, Gorilla Glass 4 is now designed into 43 models as OEMs embrace its superior drop performance. Its penetration is the fastest yet of any of our new Gorilla Glass introductions. And even better, it has a price premium. Second, our sales of Gorilla Glass in China are up 45% year-to-date. And third, we just announced our first smart phone customer using Gorilla Antimicrobial Glass. Finally, our overall efforts to drive volume, reduce cost and innovate with price premiums for the cover glass market have contributed to performance. Specialty Materials gross margin is up 170 basis points year-to-date. Now turning to Display, the pricing environment for LCD glass continues to improve. Prices declined moderately in Q2 as expected. I spent some time on the April call explaining the difference between our overall price declines and what I called the heartbeat of glass price declines. As a reminder, we are in the midst of a significant move from thick to thin glass. Because we've incented customers with price to make the switch, it makes our overall price declines look larger. As a reminder, we did this incenting because our margin dollars on thin remain neutral to thick, and we gain free capacity. The heartbeat price decline focuses on price decline without the thick to thin impact and without customer mix impact. We've been making very steady progress with the lower heartbeat declines as this graph shows. As we near the end of the big thick to thin conversion at some of our major customers, our overall price declines and the heartbeat decline should converge. Prices for Q3 under most of our LCD glass contracts have now been set. I'm pleased to say we expect to see moderate price declines again in Q3. You may recall that some of these contracts contain price mechanisms that establish defined relationship between our prices and the average prices offered by comparable glass suppliers. Customer input to date indicates the average price for LCD glass will result in moderate price declines in Q3. So when you look at the heartbeat of pricing under our contracts, without the impact of product mix, on this basis, declines have been in the 2%s for four consecutive quarters, and we expect this to continue in Q3. Now during the quarter, we also reached an agreement with Gerresheimer AG to acquire their pharmaceutical glass tubing business that has operations in Vineland, New Jersey and Pisa, Italy. With this acquisition, we expect to accelerate our innovations for the pharmaceutical glass packaging market. As part of the transaction, the two companies will enter into a 10-year supply agreement for pharmaceutical glass tubing and also form an equity venture, 75% owned by Corning, focused on accelerating Corning's innovations for the pharmaceutical glass packaging market. The transaction enables Corning to bring its revolutionary new technologies to the pharmaceutical glass packaging market with Gerresheimer, a long-standing leader in the industry. In addition, we've now formed a new internal division called Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies with the new assets and an equity venture to drive our innovations into the marketplace at a faster pace. It may take a while, but we believe the size of the prize here for Corning is $1 billion in sales. So now let me turn to our second quarter details and as a reminder, these are core results. Second quarter sales, gross margin, operational expenses and equity earnings were all in line with our expectations coming into the quarter. The stronger dollar did reduce core sales in the second quarter by $61 million versus a year ago. Primary currency exposure here is the euro. Gross margin was 45%, up year-over-year, driven by gross margin improvements in Optical, Environmental, Specialty, and Life Sciences. SG&A and R&D spending were down in absolute dollars versus Q2 last year, driven by cost controls and the synergies from the CPM acquisition. Now net income was up 7% versus last year, despite the impact of a strong dollar, which had an impact of $18 million on our profit. This impact versus Q2 results last year is approximately $0.01 per share, similar to what we outlined coming into the quarter. Earnings per share was $0.38, up $0.04, or 12%, versus last year and better than the Street consensus by $0.01. I'm delighted with these results. Now let's go through the segments, starting with Display. Display sales were $963 million in Q2. Sequentially, price declines were moderate and volume was up in the low single digits, both as expected. Year-over-year volume was up nearly 10%. Gross margins in Display were consistent with last year, driven by the additional volume and synergies, offsetting price declines. Net income was down just slightly year-over-year. Our continued cost reductions, boosted by the CPM synergies, moderate pricing environment have positioned us to maintain stability in this business and continue with strong cash flow generation. We're delighted with the results. Now looking at the supply chain, we estimate forward-looking weeks of inventory ended quarter two slightly better than Q1, which is a positive indicator. Our model indicates that forward-looking weeks of inventory will also shrink in the back half, and I'll discuss that more in the outlook segment. Now turning to Optical Communications, Q2 sales were $800 million, up 17% versus last year and better than our forecast. Organic growth was 10% before the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions made up the balance. Fiber-to-the-home and data center sales in North America drove sales growth. Stronger dollar also impacted sales here by $27 million. Net income was up 44%. Now Optical Communications has some euro-denominated costs, so the FX impacted profitability here only slightly. Additional volume in all parts of the business and acquisitions drove the higher net income. In Environmental, Q2 sales were $260 million, down 9% versus last year, and that was driven primarily by foreign exchange trimming sales by approximately $17 million. We have some euro-denominated costs, but the majority of costs in Environmental are dollar based. So the stronger dollar was a drag on year-over-year profitability and impacted net income by $6 million versus last year. But continued execution on costs helped the segment actually maintain net income year-over-year, delivering $46 million. Now in Specialty Materials, Gorilla Glass volume was up mid-teens year-over-year. Versus last year, segment sales were down 9%, driven by the lower sales of advanced optic products, which is experiencing a cyclical downturn as part of the semiconductor industry and a strong dollar. Continued cost reductions, growth of the Gorilla Glass volume and the Gorilla Glass 4 price premium helped improve profitability. So the segment was able to maintain year-over-year net income despite the sales decline. In Life Sciences, Q2 sales were down 5% year-over-year and net income was consistent. FX was the primary cause of the year-over-year decline. Net income would have increased 9% without the impact of foreign exchange rates. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were $63 million, in line with expectations. Stronger dollar impacted Dow Corning sales and earnings, and reduced Corning's equity earnings by $4 million versus last year. Earnings were helped by a one-time IP settlement which was embedded in our original guidance. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. We delivered free cash flow of $380 million in the quarter. Our capital spending forecast remains at the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for the full year. During the quarter, we increased the rate of our share repurchases by about 25% compared to Q1. We spent $626 million on share repurchases in the quarter. This increase reflects our view that the company's current – with the company's current performance and future prospects, our stock is undervalued. We expect the company's cash generation to remain strong and we want to put the cash to work for shareholders. As a result, the Board of Directors authorized a new $2 billion share repurchase program on July 15. Since October 2011, the board has authorized $9 billion of share repurchases. Our balance sheet cash is healthy at $5.5 billion, and we ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion of cash in the United States. Now I'd like to swing to the outlook. First of all, we expect the Q3 impact of foreign exchange rates to be similar to Q2, or approximately a negative $15 million of impact and $0.01 of EPS compared to quarter three a year ago. Let's start with Display. After analyzing demand at retail, talking with our customers and reviewing external research reports, we're updating our expectations for the LCD glass market. We now expect the worldwide LCD glass market at retail to grow approximately 6% to 7% year-over-year in square feet. This forecast is down from our April view as we've reduced demand outlook for IT applications and television units in certain geographic markets. This lowers our retail outlook by approximately 94 million square feet, or approximately 200 basis points. With monthly data available through May year-to-date, worldwide television unit sell-through is now behind our expectations and we've revised our view to flat year-over-year unit growth. However, screen size growth is tracking better than our expectations and we're raising our forecast to the average size of televisions, which helps offset a portion of the weaker unit growth. We still expect television glass at retail to grow 8% and small format devices to grow 16% at retail this year. I know small format devices may not excite you, but the 16% in this area is a 63 million square foot increase for the overall market for the year. We don't believe these minor adjustments in television demand reflect any fundamental change to the longer term drivers of TV demand, and continue to expect excellent long-term demand for televisions, driven by the replacement of older sets and technology innovations such as 4K television. We believe the supply chain will work down some inventory in the second half and will bring down weeks of inventory by approximately two weeks by year end. We view this drop as a mild inventory adjustment. So then for the LCD glass industry in the third quarter, we expect LCD glass market to be up by low single digits sequentially, and our sales volume to also be up in line with the market growth. We expect our share to remain stable. We continue to see balanced supply/demand for Corning's Display Glass. We're running our online capacity at full utilization and we're keeping some of our capacity idle to maintain good balance. We believe that other glass makers are also running their online capacity at full utilization, and they have publicly stated that they are keeping some capacity idle. Now let me turn to pricing. As I mentioned, we expect to see moderate pricing declines again for our glass in Q3. I think the question on many people's minds is whether the interaction between the softening demand and the reduction of two weeks of inventory will cause more severe price drops in Q4. Our conclusion is no, for a variety of reasons which I'll outline in a minute. First, though, let me outline our expectations on market volumes for Q3 and Q4. We're forecasting a low single digit percentage sequential increase for quarter three and a corresponding decrease in quarter four. These volumes, combined with the large normal seasonality of television retail demand in Q4, are enough to bring inventories down a couple weeks. And this calculation includes the softer television outlook that I mentioned earlier. We do not believe the sequence of volume shifts and inventory moves will trigger a more severe price event. The industry is in a much stronger position than during past inventory adjustments. We believe price declines in our contracts will remain moderate for several reasons. Panel makers are profitable, and they're getting the benefit of the weaker yen. There's a balanced supply/demand in the LCD glass industry. The operating margins of our competitors appear, based on publicly available information, to be such that they can't afford large price declines if they hope to remain profitable. And the rapid thick to thin conversions that we saw in recent quarters are nearing completion. So our future quarter-over-quarter ASP comparisons should no longer reflect as much those thin discounts associated with the conversions. Corning has a variety of levers to pull to steer calmly through slight market weakness and inventory adjustments. These include idling capacity, especially at the time of normal tank repairs. We think industry conditions and those levers will help, and we believe other glass makers have similar options. Now let me turn to Optical Communications. In Q3, we expect sales to be up mid-teens year-over-year, driven by the continued strength in fiber-to-the-home and data centers in North America. Also contributing to revenue growth will be the impact of our three previously announced acquisitions. Our sales have been better than expected in the first half, and our outlook for the back half is for more growth, so we have upgraded our full year outlook here. Expect Optical Communication sales will grow mid-teens for the full year. In Environmental, we expect continued strength in the end market in Q3. Heavy-duty diesel and light-duty substrate sales are up versus last year, reflecting healthy end markets. However, we expect year-over-year Q3 sales for us to be down mid single digits due to the impact of the euro and other foreign exchange. Now I'll turn to Specialty Materials. We expect Gorilla volume to be up high single digits sequentially but flat with last year's very strong Q3. The mix effect of Gorilla Glass 4 will help somewhat, but the continued weakness in the advanced optics market, driven by softness at our semiconductor customers, will more than offset this, leading us to Q3 sales versus last year to be down by high single digits. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be down slightly with last year's third quarter, driven by a weaker euro. Without the foreign exchange impact, sales would have been up the low single digits. Continuing the rest of our Q3 forecast, we expect Q3 equity earnings from Dow Corning to be approximately $65 million. It's in line with Q2 in last year. Versus last year, sales are impacted by exchange rates there, but equity earnings are flat due to volume and cost benefits. We expect our gross margin to be approximately 44%, consistent with last year. SG&A and R&D spending will be 13% and 8% of sales, respectively, and consistent with 2014. Other income/other expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $50 million. And our effective tax rate for 2015 is expected to be approximately 18%. So summarize before we go to Q&A, we remain well-positioned in each our segments and are outperforming our competition. We're prepared to weather disruptions through our advanced products and lower cost position. We are the best in the world at specialty glass and ceramics and optical physics, and these capabilities are becoming more and more relevant to a broad range of industries. When you put it all together, it's clear our strategy is working. We're growing earnings today, we're leveraging our innovation for future growth and we're delivering significant value for investors. Now before I proceed to Q&A, I'd just like to thank investors for the opportunity I've had to engage with you as being Corning's Chief Financial Officer. I've always enjoyed the opportunity to meet and discuss Corning with you. Now I'll turn it over to Ann.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim. Brad, we'll open the lines for questions now, please.
Operator: Thank you. The first question will come from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning, guys, and thank you for the question. Congratulations on retirement, Jim. Good working with you over these last few years. So congrats on that. And welcome, Tony, as well. I wanted to start off with, I guess, Jim, a little bit of discussion on the trajectory of demand through H2. Clearly, you guys are reducing guidance for Q3 a little bit or at least missing our expectations a little bit as demand weakens here, but then the overall LCD glass demand picture you're painting actually causes us to think that our numbers are maybe a little low in Q4. So I guess I'd like to get some commentary on how you see trajectory yourself. And maybe if you could tie into that a little bit of commentary on 4K. Panel pricing keeps dropping faster than we expected. Do you guys think that elasticity on 4K could be now more accentuated in Q4 if consumers hang in there and prices are a little bit lower? So just wanted to get a comment on that. And then lastly, I guess, just some demand color. All of us are trying to figure out what's going on with global demand generally, so any further color you can give us on what you see regionally, how – are you seeing any signs of stabilization, et cetera? Sorry, a bunch of questions there, but thanks.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Rob. Well, I enjoyed working with you also, and I think you just set the record for six questions in one.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, sorry.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So let me start with comments on the trajectory. Our July glass pulling from our customers, panel makers, is equal to what we've seen in June. We're not actually seeing any slowdown from our customers at this point in time. So I hope that helps on the trajectory. We believe, as I said in my outlook, that we will expect to see that there is some impact as customers recognize the inventory, the slowdown in the end market. And what we're showing is that we'll see a glass market demand go down in Q4 versus Q3. We could get that wrong a little. I mean it could be a little higher in Q3 and declines a little more in Q4. It's tough to tell. Right now, as I said, we haven't seen panel makers pull back. Relative to ultra-high def, we clearly think it will be important in the coming years. As you know, our forecast of sell-in is 27 million units – our sell-through is 27 million. Our forecast of sell-in is higher than that. We are – we believe that pricing points are approaching the inflection point. We don't know if we'll get there in Q4. I suspect, given the overall weaker economic news, that maybe people will be driving that price premium down to the 1.5, in which case that should be very good for demand for us. I think I got most of your questions.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And if I could just add a little bit of color for you, Rod. I can see how you can get to your numbers. I do. And what makes it hard to do, just purely quantitatively is that you have some real behavioral dynamics here. What happened is in the first part of the year, the set makers were quite worried that they could get enough panels to be able to support the back half's demand. And so they were building inventory. Panel makers' inventory levels are very healthy and they're profitable. So they can support continued price declines in panels and still may decide to run with higher utilization than is currently in our forecast for quarter three. So, therefore, you could run hotter in Q3 like you are anticipating. But then what we'd say if you're going to come back to the same total year, that would mean that quarter four would be less than what it is where we're coming to. So I can see how you can get your cycle. It's perfectly reasonable. I think the key thing for us is that what's the dynamic in glass. In glass, we have inventory levels at the low end of healthy. And so that gives ourselves and our competitors really a lot of levers to adjust to whatever the quarter four is, assuming we're in the range of the total end market demand that we're discussing. Either we've got product development we can do, we've got glass tank repairs that we can pull ahead, right. So we have all the levers that we need to sort of keep demand and supply, whether your cycle's right or the one that we're currently basing our forecast is right. Does that make sense?
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, that's helpful, Wendell. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning. I just had a couple of questions. Jim, I just wanted to clarify your comments on Gorilla Glass. I think you mentioned volumes flat year-over-year. I just wanted to confirm, how should we be thinking about ASP declines, and how should we be thinking about revenue trends for Gorilla Glass year-over-year? And then just a quick question on LCD display. I think part of your assumption set assumes that the panel makers remain relatively healthy. I was just wondering, what happens if things were to deteriorate and if they were to become unprofitable in the back half of the year, how should we think about the potential ramifications for you guys, especially with respect to glass pricing?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So what I mentioned on Gorilla Glass in Q3 is the volume would be flat versus Q3 a year ago. Just as a reminder, Q3 a year ago was extremely high because of some of our customers big model launches. So we're actually delighted that we're holding it flat with that. Price declines, we have price declines on Q3 and a price premium on Gorilla Glass 4. So as we see more Gorilla Glass 4 showing up in the mix, particularly as we head into Q4, you actually should be seeing a very stable price effect. And we're looking for a very good quarter four in Gorilla, also. On panel makers, I just won't speculate. I mean, their profitability is much higher right now than it has ever been in any softening period or inventory correction. So it would take a fairly massive drop in panel prices, and we are not forecasting that. We're expecting panel prices to drop about 9% going forward, and they'll still remain profitable if we're right on that.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then if I just...
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Can I just add one quick thing for you on Gorilla just for fun, right. So for fun, through quarter two, we just passed cumulative $4 billion in revenue in Gorilla, and over 1 billion square feet of glass. And the nice thing about the price piece here is we anticipate overall for Specialty, CSM, take a double-digit profit growth here, including Gorilla, for the year. And that what Gorilla 4 is going to allow us to do is basically flatten price declines, and that's going to be terrific.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: And then I guess just a quick follow-up probably for you, Wendell, just on telecom. Can you just give us maybe some color on the demand? You've mentioned fiber-to-the-home in your commentary. Would love to get just kind of incremental insight in terms of the geographic trends you're seeing. And then just sequentially, you're guiding to sales kind of flattish. Just wondering, is that just seasonality or are you seeing some sort of maybe moderation in demand?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So for Optical, I think Jim used this, probably the most fun statistic, which is we normally say that our long-term goal in Optical is to grow at twice the rate of telecom CapEx. And what we've been seeing now for quite a while is actually, excluding acquisitions, we're growing at four times telecom CapEx, and including acquisitions, over 10 times telecom CapEx. And what's driving that is a combination of the right products, but also our strength in the right regions to get to your second question. So we're seeing very strong North America, we're seeing very strong fiber-to-the-home, and we're seeing very strong data center work. And that combination of our strong position in data centers and our strong position in fiber-to-the-home is what's behind this really sort of powerful growth story.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Just one another comment, you mentioned sequential. Ordinarily, Q3 and Q2 sequentials are pretty flat. But we're delighted by the year-over-year in both of those quarters being up the mid single digits in sales. So generally, if you look at telecom's cycle, absent anything strange, low first quarter, higher second and third quarters, and then fourth quarter is where the most variability in history shows up.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Again, thanks, guys, and, Jim, congrats.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Was just going to add, I think that that growth in the third quarter is in the mid-teens.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Year-over-year, right?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's correct. Year-over-year.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, I was talking sequentially.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Cool. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thank you for taking my questions, and Tony, congrats on the new position, and, Jim, congratulations on the retirement.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess, Jim, I want to focus on what you touched on with the move from thick to thin glass nearing completion. I think previously, you discussed thin as being 0.7 mm or less. And so I'm trying to help get some clarity on how thin can the industry actually go. When you make the comment that it's nearing completion, does that mean that we're nearing getting the industry below 0.7 mm, or are we approaching a lower thickness like 0.4 mm?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: What I'm talking about is the move where we start from 0.7 mm and now I'm talking about getting to 0.5 mm. But clearly in some formats, we have some customers at 0.4 mm and smaller generations, but what I was talking about as the big move was what we started in 2008 when almost everybody was 0.7 mm and getting most people to 0.5 mm.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And if we think about that move in going to 0.5 mm and kind of the capacity that it naturally builds for you, are there any CapEx implications on the horizon, where kind of as this move to thin starts to near completion, that Corning will have to start investing in glass capacity?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: No. I think we still think we have productivity increases coming. As some customers go below 0.5 mm, we're not expecting to offer price discount for that, but we still should get capacity from it. So the only CapEx that is on the horizon for us is the – as you have more glass, you have to finish it even though your melting capacity doesn't have to go up. And so we've been spending on some capital for finishing and then the only thing that will be on the horizon for glass capacity would be if someone were to build a Gen 10 operation in China, which we've talked about, I think, now for over a year. But we don't expect that to be on the horizon until late 2016, early 2017.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just one cash question, Jim, since that's your favorite topic is you've announced that $2 billion buyback. I think that expires at the end of 2016. In that timeframe, I think you should pay out about $1 billion in dividends. So given that kind of $3 billion and returning capital to shareholders, I think you've mentioned you have $2 billion in cash in the U.S. So I'm curious if just cash from operations will allow you to fund the total $3 billion and return on value to shareholders, or is there a need to repatriate cash or find another way to finance those returns?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Well, we're always looking for ways to bring cash back from offshore and as I think you've seen, we've been successful doing that. We did raise some debt in the second quarter. So we're very comfortable, our ability to continue to do this without giving you the exact specifics about repatriation.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mark Sue from RBC. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Thank you, Jim. It's been a pleasure, and welcome, Tony. I have a question on FX. Hedging will eventually roll off, so perhaps your thoughts on your plan of action, considering additional hedging at the moment seems cost prohibitive. So do we think about passing the increased costs down to your customers, or do we revisit U.S.-based pricing, which is in effect a price hike as well for your customers? So maybe you're thinking there.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So I'll start. We're continuing to look for innovative ways to deal with what I'll remind everybody is in 2018, it's quite a ways away. And the possibility of is there something that we can do with a unique hedging structure that might allow us to not have the impact of the yen going from essentially ¥99 to the low ¥120s right now. So we continue to evaluate that. We also are evaluating whether we could return to U.S. dollar pricing and perhaps ways of doing that are pricing some of our new products in U.S. dollars. And fundamentally, we also think that the industry, the glass industry, will continue to reduce price declines to a lower and lower level and maybe could even flatten them out or raise them at some point in time. So we're hard at work at that but we're not panic-stricken, either as we go along. It's only the middle of 2015.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Sounds fair. Jim, a question on screen sizes. We are moving to larger screens and 4K will come initially in larger sizes. Are we getting to a point of diminishing marginal utility reaching optimal screen sizes? You're getting the benefit of size offsetting slowing units, so the question that we get is how long can that last?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Well, we don't see it slowing down. I think you've heard me say that every year, I have a bet with our team that we're going to exceed their forecast and we just raised it again. The average screen size – I use the 30-inch and above metric because I think it's more useful – is growing very nicely again this year. And the thing that's really going to be helpful for us, I think, in the future is that as 4K becomes a bigger and bigger proportion of demand, that drives you to getting a bigger television. And right now, the average 4K television is over 50 inches. And if you think about that compared to the average television in the 30-inch and above category, which is really only 41 inches right now, so as that grows as part of demand, we think we'll continue to see average screen size grow. The other thing I'll remind everybody is that televisions actually are getting average screen size up. Television itself doesn't have to grow as much because the manufacturers have continued to reduce the edge size or what we used to call the bezel, although many televisions don't really have one of those plastic things anymore. And so we continue to think this is going to help us for a number of years.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Helpful. Last thing, Wendell, if we took a look at telecom, how about your thoughts of accelerating M&A for telecom and Clark and his team. It is a segment growing very fast. Can we add velocity to deal-making, considering this positive outlook? How about a blank check for Clark?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No such thing as blank checks. But the core of your idea, which is that given the strength of our position and how much win there is in our category, we would like to accelerate that further with continued acquisitions. That's clearly our strong intent and it's just a matter of getting the ones that are the right fit at the right price.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Thank you, and our pleasure, Jim.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: And our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Congrats, Tony; and Jim, we will miss you. My first question's on Display profitability expectations. Previously, you had expected that to be flat on a year-on-year basis. Now given the slowdown you've alluded to, can you talk about the magnitude of potential profit decline for the full year on Display? And I have a gross margin follow-up.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So clearly with less volume, we would expect not to have the ability to hit the flatness that we were hoping for in Display. Probably, we'll have a little bit down. But I won't categorize how much that is at this point in time, but it could be slightly down. If you saw, it was slightly down in Q3 when our volume wasn't as strong as it had been in Q1. We continue to feel like we've got excellent cost reduction ideas and the Display team is working on how they can do even better in cost reduction in this period of slightly lower demand.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Jim. And then your gross margin guidance indicates a step down here from 45% to 44% in the third quarter, but you're guiding shipments up quarter-on-quarter for LCD glass. So should we conclude that your LCD utilization rate is going to be down quarter-on-quarter in 3Q? And in the fourth quarter, you're expecting the market to be down seasonally, so should we expect gross margins to also contract sequentially from Q3 to Q4?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: No, I think that we have a little bit of an impact in Q3 from inventory changes, but that's just slight. But I'm not expecting our gross margin in Q4 to be materially different.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And last one from me if I could. Jim, you noted that the heartbeat pricing and true pricing to converge over time here, but can you help us with what the magnitude of the delta that exists now between the heartbeat of LCD glass pricing and true pricing over this quarter and maybe over the last couple of quarters? Thank you.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: I'll just give you a rough CFO math. We're in the 2%, and the overall pricing is in the 3%. But we definitely think we'll drive that overall pricing down and start to converge.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And this ties to an earlier question and an answer you heard from Jim. I want to make sure that we have portrayed this accurately for you. We believe the market will continue to move to thinner. Okay? We have requests from customers, of course, at 0.4 mm and all the way down to 0.3 mm. And we're developing glasses that, of course, that go to 0.1 mm or 0.2 mm. What's different about our approach is we're not going to sell those at a discount. That's our preferred strategy. So that's what begins to bring this – the combination of the first set of moves to get down to thinner glass, sort of 0.5 mm area. As that comes to completion, that will naturally bring that sort of heartbeat or invoice pricing sort of in line with the mix level, which is the thinner versus thicker. But then the next step is that now, as we inevitably go thinner still, which competitively we love to do because our process is fundamentally better equipped to go thin than our competition's processes, that our strategy is to do that without a pricing decline. Now it remains to be seen how effective we'll be with that, but that is our plan and approach. Does that make sense?
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, it does. Thanks, Wendell.
Operator: And our next question will come from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks very much. And I wanted to add my congratulations to Jim and Tony as well. Wendell, if I can follow up on the point you just made there at the end. Were you saying that you no longer expect to be pricing at a discount starting with thicknesses of 0.4 mm and below? And I just wanted to understand the premise behind that. Is it that you don't expect your competitors to be able to achieve those kinds of thicknesses or maybe not at the same cost structure as Corning?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The second is that while we would – 0.4 mm is one level, 0.3 mm is another, right. We believe that competitively, it gets harder to do. And there isn't as much cost improvement as you begin to move to those thicknesses because of the relative difficulty of the way – of handling that much glass flow and doing it in a stable way. The way you have to think about as you go thinner, and it's why we get more square footage out when you do it, is the way you go thinner is you go faster. The faster you pull glass, the more unstable the sheet becomes when you're doing something like fusion. And when you're doing something like float, you've got a fundamental problem of the relative weight in the physics of the glass on top of a tin bath. Those things combine, we think, to give us an opportunity to be able to differentiate ourselves on thin. 0.4 mm is more within the range of our competitor's capabilities than 0.3 mm is, easily. But what we believe is there's an opportunity here for us to try to change that pricing trajectory for thin and maybe even especially for stuff that we can only do uniquely, much like we did Gorilla Glass, to price in dollars. We expect there to be competition in 0.4 mm; 0.3 mm we think it'll be harder still. But this is part of our plans to try to stabilize Display long term and, ultimately, we'd like it to turn the corner and start making – growing profitability wise. Like I said, remains to be seen. Can it happen? Right? Remains to be seen how all the competitive dynamic will play out. But that is the approach we'd like to take.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful and just maybe to bracket that a little bit in terms of kind of magnitude. How far away are we from the transition to 0.5 mm being done? Or maybe put another way, what percent of volume remains to be converted? And then maybe if there's any similar guidepost you can put around some of the other transitions you've talked about over the next two years or three years, that would be helpful.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: We don't give out specific numbers, but I would say over the past three quarters, you've been seeing very big moves in the average amount of glass going thick to thin, and these upcoming quarters, two quarters, it will be much smaller.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then, Jim, just one more near-term question for you, which is that you talked about channel inventories coming down for the industry in the second half of the year. But the guidance for the third quarter volumes to be up in the low single digits still would imply normal seasonal or even slightly above seasonal growth for the industry, which seems to put more of the onus for the correction on the fourth quarter. And I guess I was curious why you wouldn't expect that to happen earlier, most likely in the third quarter, especially given some of the guidance by the panel makers.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So normally, we do see a slight increase in the absolute level of inventory in Q3. We are expecting a little bit of build in absolute square footage, that's based on what the panel makers are running right now. And then we always see a big downdraft in the absolute square footage in Q4 with the big seasonality of television. If we see a slight correction from panel makers in, for example, September, the last month of the quarter, that could be slightly different. But right now, what the panel makers are giving to us is not showing it that way.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I would prefer your approach. I mean I would prefer you to be right, which is then to correct more in quarter three and make it even slighter in quarter four. But past behavior tells us it'll probably run the way it is, we've described earlier on the call. You heard Rod, it could even be a little hotter in quarter three.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Please go ahead. Joseph, your line is open.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Can you guys hear me?
Operator: We can.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Again, congratulations to Jim and Tony. Thanks a lot for all your help. I guess I wanted to focus on cash for a second. I don't think this was answered. Can you just give us where we are on the balance of the original share buyback? You mentioned the $623 million (sic) [$626 million] (51:42) in the quarter. How much is less than the $1.5 billion along with the $2 billion, and are there points at which you would think about accelerating? Is that share price driven or market driven?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So I think for Q1 and Q2, we were a little over $1.1 billion and obviously, we continued to buy in July, which isn't finished. We have not completed the $1.5 billion but we will complete it shortly, and then we'll be available to start spending on the $2 billion. That's our process to finish one and then open up the other one officially. And we, clearly, at these lower stock prices for Corning, which we think are below appropriate value, we buy more.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then a question on the telecom. I don't know if you've given out – give us a favor – you mentioned the different growth rates. Could you give us a split right now of the difference between the traditional telecom spend and the data center spend? And you mentioned focusing, I guess, on the acquisitions, will there be a focus to stay within that enterprise or the data center side of the business, or do you see opportunities across telecom right now?
R. Tony Tripeny - Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Principal Accounting Officer: I think from an M&A standpoint, we wouldn't be just in the data center spend, I mean we'd be across telecom. If you go back to Wendell's earlier answer to the question, we've seen a lot of growth in the fiber-to-the-home in the carrier area, and I think that that is certainly something that we're very strong at. It's easy to see where you could generate value in terms of synergies there in terms of different products or different geographies. So as we look at it, we look at it as telecom in total, not just data centers.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And can you give any directional on the sizes of this business? Is the data center business measurable right now? Is it 10% of the business, or is it still just a growing smaller business?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: It's clearly greater than 10% of our business.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: We give enterprise total. Enterprise is running about 25% of all of our sales in Optical.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Ann.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Jim, congratulations. I'm looking forward to seeing the book that comes out of your retirement.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Steve. You'll be in it.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: I'll be talking about the Mets.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: I'm not sure if that's a good thing. So just in terms of looking at some of the new product development, I know you touched a lot on thinner glass and hopefully the positive impact there. Can you just sort of round out the status on some of the other innovations you're working on? So it sounds like we're still a little whiles away from seeing like 0.4 mm into the mix, but what about things like Lotus NXT and Project Phire and then especially the Iris product that you rolled out, how are those things factoring into the rest of the year or maybe where the timeline stands on those? Thanks.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. So NXT is out there now and beginning its qualification cycle. We look to that area as a spot where we'll be able to improve our profitability in high-performance displays over the coming quarters. Early returns are pretty good for customers. But our share traditionally in that piece of the market tends to be a little bit lower, and so we're replacing our competitor, and that's just going to take some cycle time. Most of those products go into these smaller mobile devices and so they're spec-ed all the way through by the brand, so you've got to go through two quals. But we're encouraged by our opportunity to improve profitability there. On Phire, what we're doing now, our first products, we've got our first order on Phire, but it's going to be on – the first ones are going to start a little smaller, so it's going to be on wearables. More to come. This is a brand-new process as well as a brand-new product so its ramp cycle's going to be a little slower. What we like about it is it offers the opportunity to significantly increase our revenue and profit per device sold, as well as having scratch performance approaching sapphire, but the outstanding drop performance of Gorilla where sapphire has that weakness of not as good a drop performance. Iris. Iris, which is adding the third piece of glass in a television for the backlight, what we've seen here is sort of split early on, just like you would normally expect. We've got a brand-new tech that's attacking an established plastic position. What we're seeing out of plastic is I'm introducing some new materials to try to get thinner to sort of fight off the glass attack. And right now, that's sort of running 50-50 in early debates for very early adopters. Some people are trying the new plastic set, some people are trying the new glass. It's going to take a little bit of time for us to sort out who wins what in that upcoming technology node. I think the good news is television's getting thinner, opens up that opportunity for us. Now we'll see who wins and who loses in that space. The final one I'd touch on is – Jim didn't get a question on it, but he did talk about it through in the opening is you saw our announcement on Gerresheimer, the formation of Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies. What that is about is a significant innovation that we have been on for a number of years. This is an industry that moves slowly because it's highly regulated. That being said, we've got a really good product idea here that is sort of a Gorilla-size opportunity for us. It's going to take some time. It's going to take a lot of effort. But we feel like that one is going to be one that hopefully in a year or so we'll be talking about a lot more.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. That's all very helpful, and good luck to everyone going forward.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Steve.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Steve. We have time for one more quick question.
Operator: Thank you. That will come from Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hey, Jim, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about TV demand in China, what you're seeing there. And also, I see you made an announcement around a new Gen 0.5 LCD glass substrate finishing facility. So maybe talk a little bit about Corning's strategy in terms of fab in China.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So the announcement was a finishing factory in China. I think it was Gen 8.5. (59:24).
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: (59:24).
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: And that is we have melting in China in Beijing. We have room to grow that bigger if we need to. And then we have – are capable of building finishing factories next to our customers and shipping glass to them. So that's been our strategies to date in China. Now your first question was on China demand?
Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: China demand.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: China demand has been mixed so far. The May holidays were weaker, and we're anxiously awaiting the June numbers. What we are seeing is that in China, where traditionally most – a lot of the demand was driven in these big holiday periods, Chinese New Year, May Day, National Day in October, is that there's now an increased number of online sales. And our initial tracking of that looks like that's more consistent during the year. And we think that June will actually be a very strong month for that. But that being said, we did lower our China unit forecast based on what we think is a slowing economy, slightly from what we'd seen before.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And glass capacity, I think, because people miss this sometimes on thin, and we sort of take it as everybody understands it, so therefore we're not that clear about it. But when we move to thin, you get more glass out of the melting side, but you still have to finish it by piece. So when you see us invest in additional finishing capacity, that is the small part of the overall capital spend, but we're still going to need to do that to be able to place the higher flow out of the melting tanks. In terms of melting tank type CapEx, that's going to move more with new Gen size and big regional moves like the ones that Jim's talking about the Gen 10 or Gen 10.5, and that's pretty early in the game there.
Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Great. It's been a pleasure, Jim. Congrats.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Brian.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Let me just wrap up quickly. Our first half results were outstanding. I think very importantly over the last four quarters, the heartbeat of price declines in our LCD business have been trending very favorably, and we expect this to continue in Q3 and Q4. And we think the industry conditions will prevent more severe price drops. Our long-term demand for television remains strong driven by replacement rate and innovations such as 4K. I think our sales and earnings growth in Optical has been outstanding, and demand in the areas of fiber-to-the-home and enterprise solutions are strong. And we're capturing a disproportionate share of the market profits, thanks to our advantage products. And the acquisitions in Optical are really delivering synergies and creating more opportunities for growth. And finally, very important, we're delivering our commitment to return cash to shareholders. We have a strong balance sheet and cash flow, and we continue – plan to continue to return excess free cash flow. So in summary, we had a great second quarter and feel our market positions remain strong. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback on the call is available beginning at 11:00 a.m. Eastern today and will run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern on Tuesday, August 11. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 363576. The audio cast, of course, is available on our website during that time. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Avi Silver - CLSA Americas LLC Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter One 2015 Earnings Results. It's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, John, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's first quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin today by looking back at what we said at our annual investor meeting in February regarding our plan for 2015. We said we'll have positive momentum in all our businesses and we expect this momentum to continue. We're leveraging our innovation engine to drive growth in today's businesses while also creating entirely new ones. We expect to grow sales and earnings this year, and we are executing on a commitment to return cash to shareholders. So we're now three months into the year, and I am very pleased to say we're off to a great start towards these goals, exceeding our plan and consensus for quarter one. In the first quarter, we grew the company's core sales with Optical Communications exceeding expectations and Gorilla Glass volume up more than 20%. We enjoyed moderate sequential price declines for LCD glass in the first quarter, and we now expect prices to decline even less in the second quarter. We closed three acquisitions in Optical Communications, which will extend our leadership in this segment. We grew our core NPAT by 14% year over year, and EPS by 21%. And we executed $502 million in share repurchases to retire a total of 21 million shares during the quarter. In summary, we had broad-based contributions to our first quarter results, and we look forward to this momentum continuing through Q2 and delivering a full year of strong performance. Now, the euro weakening is affecting us somewhat, as it is many companies. The Q1 year-over-year impact for us was approximately $50 million in sales and $10 million of net income, or about 2% on each line. However, its impact did not prevent us from delivering excellent results. With the euro exchange rate now approximately 20% lower versus 2014, it is offsetting the growth in some of our businesses. So I'll walk through some additional detail on this impact as I walk through our results and outlook. Now, one other note on FX, for those who are looking at our comparison against sales consensus, FX was the only reason that we missed sales consensus. So let's delve into the first quarter details. As a reminder, these are core results. First quarter sales were $2.4 billion, up 4% versus last year, driven largely by Optical Communications, with help from Specialty's Gorilla Glass and Environmental. Excluding the impact of a weaker euro exchange rate, sales would have been up an additional $49 million or 7% versus Q1 of 2014. Our gross margin was 44%, up year over year and better than we had expected. Gross margins improved in every business except Life Science. Improved manufacturing efficiency in Gorilla Glass was a big help. SG&A spending was flat year over year, RD&E spending was lower year over year, driven by lower project spending compared to quarter one of 2014. Our gross equity earnings of $53 million were down 13% year over year and lower than we had expected, driven by lower equity earnings from Dow Corning. Net income was up 14% versus last year, despite the impact of the weaker euro, which was a negative $10 million. The weaker euro impacted our Q1 results versus last year by approximately $0.01 a share. EPS was $0.35, up $0.06 or 21% versus last year, and better than Street consensus by $0.01. I'm delighted with this strong start to the year. So now let's look at our detailed segment results, and we'll begin with Display. Display sales were $1 billion, slightly better than last year. Sequentially, quarter one price declines were moderate, and volume was down slightly, both as expected. However, versus quarter one of 2014, volume was up in the high teens. Gross margins in Display were up versus last year, driven by the additional volume and synergies, offsetting price declines. Net income was up 4% year over year. There's no question that cost reduction efforts boosted by the CPM synergies and the moderate pricing environment have enabled us to maintain profitability in this business. We are very pleased with these results. Now, looking at the supply chain, we estimate forward-looking weeks of inventory ended quarter one at about 18.5 weeks. While this is at the high end of the range we consider healthy, this was not unexpected since we are entering the lowest quarter for retail sales. Our model indicates this level will be the same at the end of Q2. Now, let me turn to Optical Communications where sales were $697 million, up 18% versus last year and much better than our forecast. Sales for carrier networks were stronger than expected in North America. Both carrier and enterprise networks and the acquisition of TRM contributed to the year-over-year growth. Now the impact of the weaker euro lowered sales in this segment by $22 million. Net income in the segment was up 85%. Now, Optical Communications has some euro-denominated costs, so the weaker euro impacted profitability only slightly. The additional volume in all parts of the business and the acquisition of TRM drove the higher net income. Our commercial and manufacturing organizations are the driving force behind these strong year-over-year results. Now turning to Environmental. Q1 sales were $282 million, up 3% versus last year despite the weaker euro trimming sales by $16 million. Environmental sales were slightly better than expected, with strong heavy-duty sales in the United States driving growth. While we have some manufacturing in Europe, the majority of our cost in this segment are dollar based. So the weaker euro was a drag on year-over-year profitability in this segment and impacted net income in the segment by $6 million versus last year. Net income was still up $5 million, or 12%, mainly due to the higher volume of heavy-duty products and manufacturing efficiencies. Now, in Specialty Materials, sales for the quarter were up 4% year over year. Gorilla Glass is off to a terrific start this year, with our volume growing more than 20% compared to last year. Gorilla Glass core sales are growing very well, as its value is being embraced by our OEM customers. Segment profitability improved sequentially and year over year, driven by gross margin improvements in Gorilla Glass. Unfortunately, our Advanced Optics business sales declined versus last year, and that's the reason we missed our original segment sales forecast. We felt the impact of weaker demand at our semiconductor customers and the weaker euro also decreased sales by approximately $4 million. Nevertheless, net income in Q1 was up year over year by 44%, driven by Gorilla's higher volumes and improved manufacturing efficiencies. The impact of the Advanced Optics lower sales on net income is small, because its margins are lower than Gorilla Glass. Now, Life Sciences Q1 sales were down 6% year over year. Net income was down 10%. Foreign exchange was the primary cause of the year-over-year weakness in both sales and profits. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were $51 million and short of our expectations, driven by the lower than expected sales of polysilicon. Recall Hemlock sales of polysilicon to solar customers exceeded our expectations in Q4 of 2014. We believe customers have pulled some demand into Q4 in order to meet contractual obligations. Sales fell off more than expected in Q1. Stronger dollar also impacted Dow Corning's sales and earnings and reduced Corning's equity earnings by about $4 million versus last year. So now turning to the balance sheet, we delivered strong operational cash flow in the quarter of $600 million. Our capital spending forecast remains at the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for the full year. During the quarter, we spent $531 million on four acquisitions and $502 million on share repurchases, leaves our balance sheet cash at a very healthy $5.1 billion, and we ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion of cash in the United States. So my last Q1 update is regarding our FX hedges. During the first quarter, we further reduced our risk to the weaker yen in 2016 and 2017. Investors may recall we previously had protected approximately 80% of our 2016 profits and about 70% of 2017. I'm now pleased to say we've mitigated almost 100% of our estimated exposure through 2016 and 80% of 2017's exposure. As a reminder, our core rate on the yen is JPY 99. Our yen translation hedges protect our earnings from fluctuation exchange rates and allow us to do constant currency, better known as core performance, on sales and NPAT for Display and some of Specialty Materials. Now also during the quarter, we hedged against further euro weakness in 2015 and 2016. With these hedges, we've protected the majority of our estimated euro NPAT exposure for Environmental/Life Sciences for this year and next. We don't do constant currency for the euro, so you'll see sales reflect the impact of the translation. The new euro hedge contract gains are recorded in other income/other expense and obviously protect NPAT. And now for our outlook. We expect the Q2 impact of the euro to be roughly the same amount as Q1 or approximately a negative $12 million of NPAT, or $0.01 of EPS compared to a year ago. We expect a similar impact in the back half of 2015 as well, if the euro stays at its current level. Now let's begin with the Display outlook for business. We have no changes to our expectations for LCD retail and glass markets for the year. We expect the retail market as measured in square feet of glass to be up in the high single digits. We think LCD television units will grow mid single digits with area growth higher, driven by increasing screen sizes. We believe the trend of consumers buying larger televisions will continue. We are monitoring the effect of currency devaluations to the dollar on TV prices and TV market demand. Historically, currency depreciation has not had a significant impact on television demand. While we only have two months of data for the year, TV's area sell-through is in fact ahead of our expectation. Many investors asked us about our expectations for ultra-high definition televisions, 4K. We believe ultra-high def has the opportunity to be a major driver of area demand in the near future. We're expecting approximately 25 million sets to be shipped in 2015, up from 10 million sets in 2014, and these ultra-high def sets have higher average screen sizes. So we continue to feel good about the retail market. Inventory levels are high at the end of our estimate of the healthy range and reached this level a quarter earlier than recent history. But our supply actually remains quite tight to demand, especially in large-Gen sizes. Corning is running its online capacity at full utilization while keeping some capacity idle in order to maintain the right balance between supply and demand. Other major glass makers have publicly stated that they're keeping some capacity idle as well, and we believe they're also running their online capacity at full utilization. Like many investors, we watch key indicators in the supply chain. One key indicator of supply chain health is the direction of panel prices. Another is the level of supply chain inventory. As I pointed out earlier, supply chain inventory has moved to the upper end of healthy range as retail enters its slow quarter. So it is not a surprise to see moderate declines in panel prices at this point in the year. We have not seen a negative impact from these indicators yet, but obviously remain very alert. We expect the Q2 LCD glass market to be up low single digits sequentially, expect our glass volume to be up in line with market. Now, we expect LCD glass prices to decline even less than in Q1. When we look at the heartbeat of pricing without the impact of thick to thin conversions, we feel very good about the level of declines and especially the decline trend over the last four quarters, as the decline rate has moderated in each consecutive quarter. We believe we can maintain moderate quarterly price declines for LCD glass in the back half as well for several reasons. Retail demand is expected to grow, helping to keep inventories from veering into unhealthy levels. Panel makers are profitable, and they're getting the benefit of the weaker yen. LCD glass industry supply is balanced to demand, and the operating margins of our competitors are such they can't afford large price declines if they hope to remain profitable. Now, moving to Optical Communications, we expect Q2 sales to be up mid-teens versus Q2 of 2014. Fiber-to-the-home and data center sales in North America remain strong. Also contributing to growth will be the impact of the three previously announced acquisitions: TRM, Samsung fiber and cable, and iBwave. In Environmental, we expect continued strength in the end market in Q2 and for our sales volume to be consistent with a strong Q2 of 2014. However, year-over-year Q2 sales are expected to be down mid single digits due to the impact of the weaker euro. We've made significant improvements to our cost and capability position in Environmental, and we expect to maintain these operational efficiencies in Q2. So now turning to Specialty Materials, we expect another quarter of double-digit volume growth of Gorilla Glass versus last year. Offsetting this growth is continued weakness in our Advanced Optics business driven by continued softness at our semiconductor customers and a weak euro. So we expect total sales in the segment to be down mid single digits versus last year. Now, we expect to win more models with Gorilla Glass 4 during the quarter and are on track for another year of volume growth for this business. Expect the market for cover glass to be up mid teens in volume terms, driven by smartphones and touch-enabled notebooks. We are expecting fewer tablets to be sold this year, which does impact our Gorilla Glass business. But this is mitigated by larger smartphone screen sizes and new handheld devices, including some with Gorilla on the back and continued share gains at Chinese OEM's. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be down slightly with last year's second quarter, driven by the weaker euro. Continuing in the rest of our Q2 forecast, we expect Q2 equity earnings from Dow Corning to be approximately $60 million. This is up from Q1 in last year, driven by operational performance of Silicones business. Versus last year, sales for silicones are consistent and sales for polysilicon are down. We expect gross margin to be approximately 45%, up 1 percentage point over last year, driven mainly by the additional volume in Optical Communications and improved Gorilla Glass margins. SG&A and R&D spending will be 13% and 8% of sales respectively and consistent with 2014. Other income/other expense is expected to be a net expense of approximately $40 million. Our effective tax rate for the full year of 2015 is expected to be approximately 18%. So in summary, we're coming off a strong quarter and that momentum is expected to deliver growth again this quarter. That concludes my opening comments. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim. I will open the lines for questions. John?
Operator: Certainly. [Operation Instructions] And first on the line of a Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, I guess I wanted to dig into the euro exposure a little bit more. I mean, we've got some pretty good regional disclosure from you guys, but I guess I had two questions for you. One is by segment, are you able to let us know what the euro revenue exposure is, so that we can mark-to-market over time if the exchange rates continue to fluctuate? And then secondly, or alternatively, I guess, could you also let us know what the effective euro change was that you're using to calculate these euro impacts in the revenues that you called out to us?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: I think we can give you some help on that, Rod. I'm not prepared to do it on the phone call, but I'm sure we can work with Ann and give you some help on that.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then the other thing I wanted to ask you, Jim, was on – just on 4K elasticity, I know I keep asking this question every quarter, but what are you guys absorbing on price elasticity and where do you think we are on pricing right now? I know that you've thought that pricing will continue to come down pretty significantly through the year, but just wonder if you could give us a little bit of an update on that.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: I don't have a lot of new information on 4K pricing. I mean, we did see good promotions during the period of time at – obviously at Christmas and for Super Bowl, but we continue to feel that the pricing is coming down. And a lot of set makers have just announced their new models. You've probably been seeing a lot of announcements, and they'll be available at retail starting late May, I believe. We continue to believe it's approaching the level that will drive demand there. We talked before about hitting the 1.5 comparison to a good quality regular high-def set. We think we're making progress on that. I think you know that we've been feeling that 2016 is going to be the breakthrough year for ultra-high def. We think 2015 will be a good year. There are some people who think we're being a little conservative on that, and then we'll find out in the back half of the year.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think one thing I'd add for you, Rod, too is really intriguing what's happening, is that on top of the 2K/4K, now we're seeing the introduction of a higher-end version with quantum dot technology, which they look terrific, by the way, and once again helps make OLED TV a more distant future possibility. But what I think to your question that offers up is you have now a new entry at the highest end, and they'll also carry pure ultra underneath, which ought to give them some good flex on being able to have ultra get closer and closer to standard def – standard high def.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Great. Thanks, Wendell.
Operator: Our next question's from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. And good morning. Gentlemen, if I look at the sequential growth in Display, are we starting to see some diminishing marginal utility for larger TVs? How long can we see this upgrade cycle for larger TVs before we see the 4K cycle start later this year? And as it relates to pricing, the price decline is definitely less than you had expected with this current supply-demand balance and rational behavior likely to continue, can pricing actually go up or maybe not go down?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: I'll let Wendell take the price question.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Obviously, in our dreams pricing goes up, but the first step is for it to continue to diminish. And we've been delighted, as I said in the call, to have this happen four quarters in a row. So we think we've got good momentum there. In terms of large sizes, we don't see a change statement coming in the continued growth of large-sized televisions. In fact every year for the last three years, we've, midyear, raised our size estimates, and that's continuing in the first couple months of retail that we've had and we have so far this year, it's continuing to grow. So we don't think we've come to the end of that cycle on standard high def, and clearly, ultra-high def will make it be even better, because those are sold in larger sizes, primarily, and also look much better in larger size.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And on price, as you heard Jim comment in his opening comments, we have a number of elements aligning that are helping us reduce the level of price decline quarter over quarter, and we really like the trend. And we expect those factors to continue to be in place. However, at this time, we're not anticipating being able to raise prices. That would be a fabulous problem to have in total. However, what we are looking very closely at is in the move to ultra-thin televisions and ultra-thin glass, there may be the opportunity there for us to introduce that product, there's a price premium. We're doing that currently. Whether or not that can sustain will really depend on both our competitors' capabilities and their mindset.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. And Wendell, can I ask a broader question? You have balance across business segments, four out of the five growing. Some of the business segments are at various life cycles, Display mature and generating cash, Optical seeing a resurgence in growth. Any inclination to think about separating business units or potentially splitting out segments, considering the different business segments that you have?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the way we think about our portfolio is that to continue to be in our portfolio, you have to do three things as a business unit. First, you have to be able to beat your competition. In other words, you have to grow sales and earnings faster than all your competition in your industry and overall. That's a very harsh metric, right? That's very hard to do. All of our segments are doing it. Second, that as a segment, you have to have a set of assets that can potentially help other segments. Or three, you have to have a market access point that we can use the assets from our other segments or the corporation to create entirely new businesses. So a great example of that would be our Environmental business. So Environmental is basically an automotive-driven business. We have significant assets, which is of course our R&D, as well as significant glass assets that we use to make LCD and Gorilla. What we're using that position in in Environmental to do and those strong customer relationships is to introduce Gorilla Glass to the automotive segment and be able to do it through the front end that we have in that segment. And we have a number of those examples. So we're seeing a lot of that interaction with Glass, with Environmental, with Specialty of course, and in Opto as well, with being able to take into consumer electronics some of our Opto capabilities. Life Sciences is the one where we have yet to prove that we can bring a significant new innovation to fundamentally turn that business into a stronger grower that makes use of our R&D investment. We anticipate to be able to answer that question shortly. If the answer ends up being no, then that's a candidate. But we think the answer is going to end up being yes.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Was that helpful or was that too much?
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. That's never enough.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning. Jim, I guess my first question for you is just on the Display segment. Seems like the first calendar quarter, volumes came in maybe slightly below expectations, down 5% sequentially. And then also the fact that inventories are now at 18.5 weeks, I mean they seem to be up quite a bit from 3Q 2014 at 15.5 weeks, and I think even last year you were around 17 weeks in 1Q and 16.5 weeks in 2Q. So just wanted to understand the inventory trends in the supply chain.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think the volume sequentially was in line with what we were thinking about. So I don't think it was something that was different from what we expected. Inventory is something we're very alert to. The last few years, the peak that we have – we see in the supply chain has been about 18.5 weeks. The fact that we're at that at the end of Q1 as opposed to the end of Q2 is something we're very alert to. But we are still within what we regard as a healthy range on inventory.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, your gross margin appears to be trending about 100 bps higher than last year. I mean is that trend you expect to sustain through the rest of the year?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We feel quite good about our gross margin trends. As you know, I often answer this by saying it depends somewhat on the mix of our businesses. But in four of our five segments, gross margin percent is going up in each one of them. And so the absolute balance of them has an impact, because obviously some segments had a lower gross margin. For example, Optical is lower. But we're improving gross margins in almost all of our businesses; especially delighted by the performance in Gorilla. So I would say it's sustainable as long as the markets remain at the level of volume we're seeing today.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Excellent. I'll jump back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hey, Jim, I'm wondering if you could just take us around the world and highlight what you're seeing in the TV market in terms of Europe, Asia and U.S. And maybe just compare – PC markets softened, so I'd be curious on what's happening in the TV market. Thanks.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: We don't have a tremendous amount of detail yet. I don't have full March results, unfortunately. But we've seen very good demand in North America. China, when you combine the first two months of the year, because remember the movement of the lunar holiday was January last year and this year it was in February has been good, large sizes have been good. The place where we're expecting some weakness at retail is around the comparisons on the World Cup last year, which will affect Europe and Latin America primarily. I'd say the one place that we might be seeing slight weakness is Europe so far this year, and that's a slight disappointment to us, but clearly the economies over there have seen some turbulence. So good in the United States, good in China through the lunar holiday, weak in Europe and average size continuing to grow.
Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: And, Jim, just on the Gorilla Glass, I just want to be clear, you're targeting what volume growth? I heard a 15% number. Is that for Gorilla or the market or both?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: That was for the market. We didn't give out a number for our own growth. As you know, it somewhat depends on the launch of models and also what the supply chain is doing. But we are expecting the market to grow in the mid double digits. We expect the markets' use of our glass to be higher than that, as we're gaining share. And we are obviously growing nicely with larger sizes. But our absolute number will be, in the end, dependent on what the ending inventory is in the supply chain. And that will be dependent on what people's outlooks are as they head into the next year.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And if I could build on that a little. So when we talk about the market growth, what we're really talking about is sort of the sell-in to the retail piece from our big OEM brands. And as Jim laid out, as the market growth outlook, that's the level we're looking at.
Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If you take a look at that same level on Gorilla, we would expect Gorilla to grow faster, because we're building on an already very strong position. We're actually gaining ground both on the high end and the low end. And then what Jim's talking about that then depends on launches. Now, as you step back to how much glass we ship in any given quarter, that gets impacted by how our brand customers decide to build their supply chains. There is one thing they never want to do, which is run out of glass at the beginning of their launches. So you can get big supply chain builds, and then you can get correction. So that makes that little hard to call in any given year in total where our shipments end up being. However, what we know is as long as our end market position continues to grow and continues to be strong, that's just a question of what quarter we get the demand in. So that's the real sort of heartbeat that we look at for demand.
Brian J. White - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to just follow up briefly on the inventory. If you could give us a little bit more granularity? Is there are a percentage breakdown or a way we could look at the difference between inventory geared towards the television market and inventory geared towards the IT panel market?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: I do not have that level of granularity. I can tell you where the inventory is high is at the set assembly level. It's not at retail. It's not at panel makers. But I do not have the granularity on the television versus IT.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then I guess there've been a couple of announcements, including the OLED lighting development with the Willow Glass. I'm wondering, is there any volumes we can start to think of over there, and how that impacts your overall supply-demand in glass, volumes and margins?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So on Willow Glass, we have now a number of significant near-term opportunities, and that we would hope are going to turn into significant revenues in the near future. It's too early to sort of spike the ball, but we are now working on three or four significant opportunities that have the opportunity to take Willow from being a commercially available product to a product that we start to make some good revenues on. So we're right at the beginning of that. More to come. More to come.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just finally, you mentioned this just briefly about the advances at the low end of the market in Gorilla Glass in China. Could you talk about how that market is developing? How the strategy is developing for Corning and where you're seeing the most success?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there are two areas for the low end that we tend to look at are in Chinese OEMs, the Chinese brands, as well as touch on notebook. And in both of those areas, we're seeing growing share for us. Part of it has to do with changes in our strategy. Part of it has to do with some excellent execution by our people on the ground. Also, part of it has to do with – in the competition in China, what we're seeing is the emergence of players who want to use the highest quality components, and that is also helping us. So I'd like to attribute it all to changes in our strategy and better execution, and that's part of the story, but also part of the story is that the Chinese brands are trying to lift themselves up to world-class levels of quality and performance, and we're one of their first stops on that journey.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. A couple of things. First of all, Jim, a couple of clarifications on some larger questions. Just making sure on the P&L, you didn't give a core R&D number. I'm assuming that was equal to the GAAP R&D number of $189 million. I just wanted to confirm that. And if you can also give us a sense as to how large the acquisitions -TRM, Samsung, et cetera, were this quarter. Just so we have a – kind of peg the model, that would be helpful. On Gorilla, is my larger question. Certainly doing very well on the volume side. Can you give us a sense in terms of pricing? Last year obviously this time, there was a big price step down. Can you give us some sort of sense as to what the pricing did this quarter? And you mentioned that the margin in Advanced Optics is much lower than in Gorilla. Can you give us a sense, is it half of the margin in Gorilla? Is it a third? Some way that we can kind of correlate between the two, because the two seem to be going in opposite directions right now. Thanks.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So on the latter question, I think Optical in the Specialty Materials margin – gross margins are about half. In terms of Optical, TRM, we're not giving out exact numbers, but for the quarter, organic growth was greater than half of our increase. So that will help you at least get a line on it. I think R&D at core, I think we – it is the same.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: The same.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Same.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: And then, Wendell, do you want to talk about Gorilla pricing?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Of course in terms of year over year, we're lapping the decreases from last year. So those are going to be embedded. As we with think right now about Gorilla price, and then I'll switch to margin, what we're seeing is more and more moderation. Part of that is helped by the fact that we've introduced Gorilla Glass 4 as a price-premium product to Gorilla Glass 3, and Gorilla Glass 4's take-up has been outstanding. People really want it, and they're willing to pay up for it. So Gorilla Glass 4 compared to Gorilla Glass 3 is a margin enhancer for us overall, even though it cost us a little bit more, the pricing is more than overcoming that increase in cost. That, put together with our continued improvements in productivity and efficiency is what creates the type of net income up that you saw in this quarter. So we continue to be feeling quite positively about Gorilla gross margin enhancement as we work our way through this year.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. When Phire comes into play, you announced it earlier this year, do you expect that to come in later this year or next year? And does that sort of eat in a little bit to Gorilla? Should we look at Phire and Gorilla combined? And when Phire comes in, does it have its own manufacturing issues that we'll have to deal with at that point, lower gross margin until that manufacturing cycle proves in? Or when Phire comes in, will it come in at the new Gorilla margins that you're creating now?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So great questions. First, on Phire, let's do timing. Phire is still relatively early in its creation cycle. And there are some products that would have the potential to launch this year in smaller volume. That would be our desire, to allow us to work through exactly the manufacturing question that you raised. However, we're getting very strong pull on Phire. So it could be that we will get at least requests to go earlier than what we would like. How to close the delta between desire and reality is one of life's great problems. So we're still in the midst of trying to figure that one out. Now, as far as business model goes, it is our intent that we will make more money when we introduce Phire as opposed to less money. Now, how that plays out on gross margin percent versus do we get other types of income flows from this will all depend on the business models that we ultimately set up with our customers. Like I said, this is still a product that is in its elementary school time. So we don't exactly have the business model agreed to with our customers. What we do have is a strong desire expressed for what the product does. So more to come. I'm sorry I don't have a little more right now. Maybe ask me again next time I'm online, and I should be able to have more information for you, sir.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I will. I appreciate it. If I could sneak one last in about the price declines in Q2 that, Jim, you're saying are going to be better than Q1. What is that based on? Is it based on a move to larger screen sizes where you naturally charge more because the glass is thicker? Or are there some other dynamics giving you the confidence? Thank you.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: It's based on the fact that we've closed almost all of our Q2 pricing, so we know we're going to have it.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right. But what was that based on, – was that – that allowed you to do that?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: It's not based on generation size anymore. So it's based on just what we've concluded with our customers compared to what Q1 pricing was.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I appreciate the time. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Avi Silver with CLSA.
Avi Silver - CLSA Americas LLC: Yes. Hi. Thank you. A couple of questions on Display. So first of all, Jim, at what rate did you hedge the remaining 20% of volumes? Is it also at JPY 99 compared to the core for 2016? And then on Display pricing, the press release says that the volume grew high teens year on year. If I were to assume 18%, that would imply a 4% ASP decline. I think on the call you said it was down slightly. In that case, ASP would have been more than the 2% to 3% decline. So I just want to understand whether the ASP – not like-for-like pricing was within the 2% to 3% band in the March quarter, or was it maybe slightly below that band? And then I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So we don't give you out specific price numbers. I can tell you that the price declines in quarter one were less than the price declines in quarter four. So we're not going to give exact numbers. What we're focused on is the trend. The only thing have you to keep remembering when you look at our total numbers is the thick-to-thin conversion. Remember, that's why I talked in the script about my – the heartbeat when you take that out. Remember we do give more of a lower price on thin to our customers, so as they go from a higher percent on thick to a higher percent on thin, it makes our price declines look greater. But remember from a cost point of view, that's a benefit to us and also gives us more ability to sell more glass. So just by doing it on the total business, you sometimes get a misleading answer. But the heartbeat is definitely going down when you take out that thinness difference. Was there another question?
Avi Silver - CLSA Americas LLC: Well, just on the hedge, the remaining 20% that you hedged on 2016, was that also at JPY 99? And then I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: No. It was slightly higher than JPY 99, but we're not giving out the exact number. We're going to continue to report the core at JPY 99, and then in GAAP, you'll see the difference between the actual hedges and the core rate. But we did – we think we did quite well.
Avi Silver - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Great. And then a follow-up question for Wendell, it's kind of a longer term question on TVs. Can you talk about the potential for experiences to – on TVs to improve? So, you're making a replacement cycle argument on the aging installed base, but the flip side of that is consumers are spending more time staring at smaller screens and less time staring at larger screens anecdotally. So I'm wondering whether there's something on the Software services side that you see over the next couple years that can change experience and ultimately stimulate long-term demand for LCD TV. Thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a great question, and it's something that I've worked on with other opinion leaders and innovators in the space a lot. I'd say that we see really, really encouraging work exactly in the area that you are discussing. And I think that the key blocker to bringing some of this to market is that access to the living room, and some way to integrate the physical devices like the TVs as well as your small screens with the software capability to be able to start to do some really interesting things, especially on cloud-based services, to really enhance the experience a lot. And we're starting to see really strong progress and really new entrants to that space that you see the beginning of when you see these additions of the boxes or the sticks or things like that to your physical device. That is the foot in the door that's going to create, I think, better experiences going forward. Because the one thing the small screen can't do is allow us to have a shared experience, which is really important to just human behavior. And the best innovations I'm seeing in this space on software end-use are all about that piece. It's not just about making a bigger screen. It's not just about having a more dramatic experience. It's about how do I enhance the shared nature of that larger screen. And there's some encouraging things happening, but you need to see some business models really slide into place before it happens.
Avi Silver - CLSA Americas LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, Jim and Wendell. First, a clarification. Wendell, I think when you were talking about the low end of cover glass, especially in China, did I understand you correctly that recent share gains were more a function of the market coming to you? Or has Corning shifted its strategy or product portfolio to better address the low end of the market?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Both. Both. We have yet to introduce a true low-end product. We have them on the shelf. We're still just working through is it worth that market confusion or not. So we're going to measure twice, cut once. But we did shift our strategy in other ways. What it is we actually – how do we work with those Chinese brands? What do we sell them? Do we sell them parts versus pure glass into the supply chain, as well as how do we work the actual Gorilla brand in China? So that is part of the story. But the other part of the story is, yes, the market's coming towards us as well. I don't know how to split which is our changed strategy, our improved execution and what's that the market is moving towards us. I don't know how to split those two in effect. But together what they're playing out in is climbing share for us. Q – [061H0T-E Patrick Newton]>: Great. Thank you for the details. And then I guess, Jim, you talked about supply-demand in the LCD market for Corning with your capacity running at near full utilization and some idle capacity. Could you help us understand the relative size of the idle capacity perhaps compared to a year ago, or to when you brought SCP in-house? Or perhaps asked in a different way, in what timeframe should we expect LCD-related CapEx to increase from the current maintenance levels?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So relative to CapEx, LCD CapEx is up this year versus last year, but it's driven by this heavy cycle of tank repairs. And we are completing two tanks that we had never turned on. There's a little bit of capital in that. But in terms of a big cycle for LCD capital, I don't anticipate that. In fact, after the heavy rebuild schedule this year, I expect it to go down. I think our utilization is up compared to when we did the CPM deal. We don't give out absolute percentages, and remember, we did shut down some of our older Japanese capacity as part of this from a cost move. But we still have some capacity offline that we'll bring up at the appropriate time. Q – [061H0T-E Patrick Newton]>: And so you said CapEx down next year, and then should we think of 2017 as potentially a year of increased LCD CapEx?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: It's a little early for me to comment on 2017 capital, but relative to our basic footprint, I'm not expecting big surges in capital for the generations of 8.5 and below. But, ask me again in July, and I'll give you an update on 2017. Q – [061H0T-E Patrick Newton]>: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: And next we'll go to Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just one question from me, one more on Gorilla Glass. I think you said in the press release that your volumes were up about 20%. And if I look back at the 10-K, you guys were up 23% in Gorilla Glass for all of last year. So my understanding is this year's Q1 was an easier comp, and the comps get harder as the year goes on. Can you just sort of talk about how those year-over-year growth rates could compare to Q1 going forward? And whether there's any cannibalization we have to think about in sort of your good, better, best product strategy for the year? Thanks a lot.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Good, better, best.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, let me start on it, and then Jim will try to pick up some numbers to help. So I think first we've got to establish which level are we at. So in sort of sell-in, what our brands sell into retail, that tends to have a seasonal cycle to it that carries through the smartphone market and to their launches. And that we expect to have strong growth in for the market and to have strong or even stronger Gorilla growth into that market. Then, Steven, we go down to the what our shipments are level in any given quarter. For that, it gets much harder to predict because now we're at the beginning end of a pretty large supply chain, and the behavior we see out of our big brands is they will build a lot in a quarter. We had some of that happen late last year for an undisclosed customer, building a lot for a launch. And they want to make sure they've got enough glass to be able to make the phones or tablets that they want. When they do that, we can have shipments that are much higher than the sell-in level. Vice versa, what we can also have is that as we get into a cycle where they will do a correction and reduce that in any given quarter, I think that we can anticipate that to continue and that will impact our performance on any given quarter and any given year over year for our shipment level. But in the end, it doesn't matter so much, do we get it in one quarter or the next quarter. As long as the sell-in continues to be strong and our position continues to strengthen there, all we're really talking about is whether we get it in the next couple quarters or the couple quarters after that, assuming we continue to win other platforms as they turn over. Does that make sense?
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Yeah. It does. And then within that context, though, Wendell, would we expect cannibalization or are you able to shift down enough Gorilla Glass street volume into some of these other markets that it wouldn't be noticeable to us?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So we're not seeing a lot of cannibalization right now. We're seeing the sort of two-product strategy that we have done to be basically in the direction of switching the GG 4. But what we're saying to our customers is, hey, if you want a real price competitive product or closer in price competitive product, then here is GG 3. And if you want the superior performance of GG 4, this is the price you choose. And we're having customers actually choose a mix. But for now at least, the penetration rate of GG 4 is higher than what we expected. We originally expected it to only flow in on their highest end, and they stay with GG 3 on some of their lower end. Right now, and this could change, right now, we're seeing a shift towards GG4. And then, of course, Fire when that comes is going to add yet another layer of complication to this. But overall, I think it's all good.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Yeah. That makes sense. Thank you very much.
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jim, did you have anything to add?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: No. Just a reminder. We did say our volume growth was up 20% in quarter one; year-over-year, it's going to be up in the mid-teens is what our guidance is. But when you look at consumption of our glass going into sell-in, the percent is very similar in each quarter.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. Thanks.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Great, thanks. So we've got time for one more question, John.
Operator: And that will be from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thank you. I just had a clarification first and then a couple of questions. On the clarification, I think you maintained your full year demand expectation, but data points in PCs have been a little weaker in Q1. I was just curious if you factor that in and if you see an offset on the TV side or something else.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So we did factor it in, but television size has been a little bit better. And also for us, as customers make our product, they're using a little bit more glass per end device, which helps us out their own efficiencies, particularly as they make ultra-high def. So we did factor in the lower IT into our forecast but other factors allowed us to maintain it.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then two longer term questions. One of them is we're seeing a bit of a shift of panel demand into China. Can you just comment on how you expect that transition to affect Corning, especially with some of your competitors moving some of their manufacturing base to China? And then the second question is if you can update us on the Iris opportunity into year-end and in particular if there are any TVs at this point that you've been designed in to beyond those announced at CES? And just maybe if you can guesstimate what percent of high-end volumes you think will be able to adopt Iris.
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: So I'll start with China and then let Wendell chime in. Just a reminder, you're seeing our competitors make announcements, we are already on the ground with glass melting in China and have the capability of supplying from that as well as shipping in from Taiwan and Korea. So we think we're well positioned to meet the demand from new China facilities. Anything you want to add to that, Wendell?
Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well I'd just build on Jim's answer of earlier too, in our Gen 8.5 and below platform, our existing platforms, we feel really good about where we stand for the amount of capacity we have. We may add finishing lines here and there in China, as you point out. But those tend not to have a big build to it. I think that the only regional play that is worth, as always, keeping an eye on is do we see any significant new generations come in China. And if that were to happen, we would of course be anybody's first port of call on the very large size pieces, and we'd have to work our way through to find, do we have an advantaged way to do that that would be good for our shareholders. Now, to Iris, I think you portrayed it very well. This is a high-end ultra-thin to start as a business. It's still, once again, very early days for this product. We're engaged across all the brands. There is interest in using glass in that function of a light-guide plate, but it is still too early to call penetration. And then how does the battle play out between glass and the two alternative materials that we're battling against. They have different pros and cons but we're just in the middle of that fight, actually in the beginning steps of that fight, so it's too early to call at what round we win at.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Jim?
James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ann. Just a couple of investor announcements. First of all, our annual shareholder meeting is this Thursday and investors can listen to Wendell's speech on the Web. In addition, we will be hosting investors in Corning, New York on May 7, and I promise no snow. And then we'll be at the JPMorgan Conference in Boston on May 19. Quick summary of the call. We entered 2015 with great momentum. Over the last couple quarters, the heartbeat of price declines in our LCD business have been trending favorably, and we do expect this to continue. Our Optical Communications quarter one results were outstanding and they are on track to deliver double-digit sales and earnings growth this year. The end market for Gorilla Glass, Environmental Technologies is growing and expect will continue to grow with those markets. And finally, we're returning to cash to shareholders at a crisp pace with our share repurchases. We feel really good about our terrific first quarter results and are confident we can deliver another year of earnings per share growth in 2015. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson - Division Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call is available at 11:00 a.m. Eastern and will run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern on Tuesday, May 12. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 357164. The audio cast is available on our website during that time as well. John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - VP, IR Jim Flaws - VP And CFO
Analysts: Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Ehud Gelblum - Citi Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Amitabh Passi - UBS Patrick Newton - Stifel Rod Hall - JPMorgan Steven Fox - Cross Research Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs James Fawcett - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host, Division Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Ann Nicholson. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson : Thank you, Greg and good morning everyone. Welcome to Corning’s fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I would like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the Company’s financial reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations can be found on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Flaws : Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. I am delighted to share our fourth quarter and full year results with you this morning. Corning had an outstanding quarter that wrapped up two consecutive calendar years of quarterly earnings growth. We entered 2014 with a goal to grow sales and earnings significantly. We delivered on this goal with year-over-year earnings growth in every quarter. For the full year sales grew 29% and earnings per share grew 24%. The integration of CPM and Korea was a significant driver of the earnings increase and additionally in our four other non-display segments, we achieved excellent growth, which of course has been a longstanding goal. In aggregate, they grew sales and net income approximately 10%.  We also delivered on our commitment to return cash to shareholders with our recent December announcement of a 20% increase in the dividend and a new share repurchase program of 1.5 billion. We feel great about our momentum entering 2015 and expect to deliver continued sales and earnings growth in the New Year. So now I’d like to turn to our quarter four results beginning with some highlights. We had a fantastic quarter, that was better than we originally expected. Earnings per share were up 55% versus last year, led by the consolidation of CPM, Optical Communications, Environmental, Dow Corning’s equity earnings and slightly lower tax rate also contributing to growth. LCD glass volume was better than expected, driven by strong demand for larger LCD televisions, the volume up in the mid teams year-over-year and mid single digit sequentially. Display set a quarterly record for sales volume. LCD glass price declines were moderate again as expected and declined less than Q3. LCD glass demand continues to be good entering Q1 and we believe this is due to strong retail demand in Q4 for larger televisions, replenishing supply for Q1, which is also a typically good quarter for retail television sales. We launched our next generation of Gorilla Glass during the quarter and it is receiving very favorable reviews by customers and at the recent Consumer Electronics show. Specialty material sales in the quarter exceeded our expectations, driven by demand for Gorilla Glass for new product launches. CPM integration activities are going very well and we have exceeded our synergy goal for the year. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were also ahead of expectations in Q4 driven mainly by higher sales of polysilicon. So now let’s delve into the fourth quarter details. Fourth quarter sales were $2.6 billion, up 30% versus last year. Gross margin was 45%. We improved year-over-year gross margin every quarter this year. Gross equity earnings of $116 million were more than expected by Dow Corning and I’ll cover that in more detail in few moments. Other income includes the payment for the settlement of dispute over the use of fusion technology in China. This was the final payment to Corning. Please recall we had a similar payment in 2013 in the same quarter. So it had no impact on our year-over-year gains in the quarter. EPS was $0.45, up $0.16 versus the year ago and completes two calendar years of quarter year-over-year earnings growth. During the quarter we spent approximately $183 million to repurchase shares. We completed the October 2013 repurchase program in quarter four and have now begun repurchasing shares under our new program in January. For the year sales were $10.2 billion, up 29% over 2013. Corporate gross margin was up 2.4 points. The integration of CPM and display cost reduction drove a large portion of the year-over-year improvement. Optical Communications, Environmental also improve their profitability this year. S&A and R&D were up year-over-year in dollars due to the consolidation of CPM. As a percentage of sales we lowered S&A in our D&E. The year-over-year decline in gross equity earnings reflects the elimination of SCP equity earnings following the acquisition and its consolidation. Our effective tax rate for the year was 16.8%, slightly lower than our original expectations, this helped by regional mix and the extenders bill, which passed in December. Earnings per share for the year were $1.53, up 24%. This year-over-year improvement is the result of additional earnings from Corning Precision Materials, earnings growth in Environmental and Optical Communications, earnings growth in Dow Corning, as well as the impact of share repurchases. So now I'll turn to our detail segments and I’d like to start with Display. Display sales were $1.1 billion in Q4, 69% increase versus last year. Overall our market share remains stable and LCD glass price declines were again moderate. Sequentially our LCD glass volume was up in the mid-single digits. Let me provide you more detail about LCD glass demand and retail. In Q4 we believe television retail sell through earnings were up high single-digits year-to-date. TV area growth measured in square feet of glass sold was up approximately mid-teens, representing a strong holiday season at retail. Panel makers ran at high utilizations to meet strong demand for large televisions over the holiday and to restart the supply chain for Q1. Supply chain inventory remained healthy exiting the quarter with forward looking weeks of inventory at approximately 17.5 weeks. Gross equity earnings from our equity venture in Korea SCG were immaterial. Net income was up 26% over the year, reflecting the impact of additional sales earnings and synergies from CPM. I can’t emphasize enough the outstanding job the Display Organization has done with cost reduction and successfully integrating CPM. Now for the full year display segment sales were $4.4 billion, up 63% driven by the addition of CPM sales. Full year net income was up 11%. When looking at sales and net income growth rates remember we consolidated a 100% of CPM sales in our reporting for 2014, but only the other half of the net income.  Our full year volume was up slightly more than 10%, in line with the glass industry. Our volume growth was offset by price declines, which were larger in the first of the year. We did achieve more moderate price declines in the second half, and this is continuing into Q1. As we track the heartbeat of pricing without the impact of thick to thin and customer mix, we feel very good about the level of declines we've experienced for the last three quarters. Volume and synergies and cost reductions help the business to improve gross margin percent for the full year. Actual synergies for the year were greater than our expectation of $100 million. Now we estimate the glass market at retail for 2014 was approximately 4.4 billion square feet, approximately 10%. Our preliminary estimates of TV unit sell through indicate year-over-year unit sales were up in the mid-single digits. All regions except Japan grew unit sales year-over-year. Average television size increased again in 2014 and drove glass market growth. The estimated TV area growth was up in the mid-teens. 15 inch plus televisions grew greater than 50% in 2014 and the average screen size increased more than an inch. Non-optical communications Q4 sales were $676 million, up 12% versus last year and better than expected. Area sales in North America drove most of the increase versus expectations, but enterprise exceeded as well. Net income was up 64% over last year’s fourth quarter. The higher volume and improved cost structure led to another strong quarter for Optical Communications. And for the full year sales were nearly $2.7 billion, up 14%. Sales in all businesses were up year-over-year and all regions except China contributed to growth. Optical Communication’s annual net income of 2014 was up 18%. We are very pleased with the results and have great momentum in the Optical entering 2015. Our Environmental sales grew 5% year-over-year, driven by heavy duty diesel sales in the United States. It’s a slightly less forecast due to some changes in customer end of year inventory management plans. Environmental’s net income in quarter four was $40 million, also up 5% year-over-year. For the year Environmental sales were up 19%, driven primarily by a healthier U.S. Class A truck market and higher sales of heavy duty diesel products for new regulations in Europe and in China. Environmental expanded gross margins and grew net income 44% for the year due to additional volume, significant manufacturing efficiency improvements. We were also delighted by the performance in Environmental technologies in 2014. Specialty Material sales in the fourth quarter were up 12% versus Q4 of 2013 and better than expected due to strong Gorilla Glass volume from device manufacture and new product launches. Now net income in quarter four was down year-over-year by 13%. However these results included an account receivable write off. Without that write off net income would have been up 8%. For the year Specialty sales were up 3%, net income was down 17%. Without the Q4 accounts receivable write off net income for the year would have been down 13%. Advanced Optic sales and earnings which is embedded in Specialty grew while the 20% growth of Gorilla Glass volume was largely offset by the price declines that incurred mostly in Q1. The cover glass market did not grow as much as we originally expected in 2014. The most significant disappointment to us was branded tablets not growing at all versus 2013. However we did have some accomplishments there, setting us up for a more successful 2015 in Specialty. First we maintained our share against the aluminum-silicate [ph] glass competitors on devices. Second, this year we made progress on increasing our share of smartphones in China and of course we launched Gorilla Glass 4. Drop performance of Gorilla Glass 4 is beneficial to device manufacturers and we expect to be able to price for that added value.  In Life Sciences, Q4 sales were up 2% year-over-year. Net income was consistent with last year. And for the year Life Sciences sales were $862 million, slightly, and as I mentioned throughout 2014, the market did not grow as much, with one reason being the low level of NIH spend. Net income for the year was down 5%. Now moving to Dow Corning, gross equity earnings from both silicones and polysilicon segments were up versus Q4 2013. Volume for polysilicon [indiscernible] was up -- polysilicon [indiscernible] customers who ought to fulfill their annual contract commitments. Additional manufacturing efficiency improved over last year. The silicon’s business sales were consistent with Q4 of last year, and a lower tax rate and lower operating expense helped profitability. Dow Corning exceeded our expectations for the quarter by 30 million with higher sales of polysilicon and improved operational expenses. Now for the Dow Corning’s equity earnings were up a $142 million while silicon and polysilicon sales were up. Silicon sales were up in the low single-digits as expected. Raw material pricing negatively impacted profitability slightly, but this was offset by a lower tax rate. Hemlock sales were up 32%, driven by higher polysilicon sales to [indiscernible] customers and cost controls helped Hemlock improved profitability over 2013. Hemlock sales and profitability overall were more stable in 2014. Now I'd like to take a minute to discuss Hemlock’s impact on our results. Investors will recall we had excluded Hemlock in our 2013 from our core operating results as we had expected extreme volatility due to the trade issues. That volatility did not occur. So in 2014 we included Hemlock in core. In retrospect my decision to exclude core in 2013 was one of my less brilliant ideas as CFO. So I wanted to make sure you understood how much Hemlock contributed to our core earnings if we had been reporting it consistently. As you can see even, if we had included Hemlock in 2013, our 2014 results for Dow Corning would have shown significant improvement. Now moving on to the balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with $6.1 billion in cash and short-term investments, strong free cash flow for the year of nearly $4 billion including the dividends from CPM as we did that transaction. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. Reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our Web site. Capital spending for the year was $1.1 billion.  Now before I move on to our outlook, I'd like to update you on our core performance reporting. I'll begin with the brief retrospective on core performance measures as we may have some new investors on the call. As a reminder, our display sales are priced in the end. We report in U.S. dollars. So the earnings from display sales translate into our GAAP income statement in dollars at the actual exchange rate during the quarter. Now following the election of new Japanese Prime Minister in December of 2012, yen began to weaken against the U.S. dollar. We saw the yen weaken from 82 yen to the dollar in November of 2012, below 90 yen level in early 2013. You may recall we took immediate action in early 2013 to limit the adverse economic impact on Corning, by entering into hedges. Our hedging contract for 2013 to 2014 had an average exchange rate of 93 yen to the dollar. We also gave some thought as to how the potential reporting of those hedges would inform our investors. GAAP is our official reporting for the company. In GAAP reporting, we record the quarterly settlement of our yen contracts into other income, other expense on our GAAP statements. So you’d see the weakening of the yen in sales and gross margin but the gain on their hedges in other income, other expense. However, GAAP also requires us to report the fair value of all of our contracts, including those outstanding beyond the current quarter in our results. The mark-to-market of our entire hedge portfolio would also show up in other income, other expense. The result is investors would be unable to discern how much of that line item was attributable to hedges for the current period versus hedges for the future periods. With the recent volatility that began, our GAAP results might be confusing to investors. So we felt this accounting, while definitely appropriate, would not help investors see the operational impact of volume and prices easily. Our recent quarterly results show how confusing this has become. Our quarter four GAAP results include marking-to-market, accumulative hedges for 2015 to 2017. When the rate moved from 110 at the end of quarter three to 120 at the end of Q4, we had a mark-to-market gain of $398 million. We also had a realized gain of $112 million for the hedge contracts settled in Q4. There is this later gain that is important and is the one that makes us feel comfortable using constant yen reporting at 93. I know this example is long but I hope it helps you see our hedges are protecting the economics for the Company. They are complicated as you look at the operational performance in the quarter. So in February of 2013 we announced that in addition to our GAAP results, we would also provide our results using core performance measures, allowing investors a more clear view of the Company’s core operating results. Our core performance results were stated at constant yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate of 93. Primary purposes of the core performance measures are to allow investors to see operating results without the volatility of the yen and hedges masking operational performance. So to summarize, beginning in 2013 we became economically protected at the yen, weaker than 93 with hedges and move to core reporting to provide investors additional transparency on our operating results at a constant exchange rate of 93. So now let me fast forward to January 2015. As you know the yens continue to weaken from its early 2013 level, the low 90s to the upper 90s at the beginning of 2014. We made the decision to extend our economic hedge protection beyond 2014. We entered into hedges for 2015 to ’17 at an average rate of 99 yen to a dollar. Our earnings are now economically 100% hedged against the yen in 2015, approximately 80% hedged in 2016 and 70% hedged in 2017. These new hedges show up in GAAP with the impact of mark-to-market each quarter. So now what about our core reporting? With our existing hedges for 2015 to 2017 now at 99, we will move to a new constant yen rate of 99 yen to the dollar. This adjustment to core maintains the alignment with the intent of the hedges that limit the economic impact of the yen weakening. We expect to keep this core yen rate over the next three years. About 75% of the analysts covering us have already modeled 2015 at this yen exchange rate of 99. Going forward, we’ll talk about our core results at the new constant yen rate of 99. Now comparisons to 2014 will also be done at 99 yen and we will be providing you our 2014 results recast with the exchange rate so you can update your models and compare apples-to-apples. We’ll be releasing this recast 2014 and also 2013 numbers later this morning in an 8-K filing. Now I’ll be repeating some of this in our outlook section, but I wanted to remind investors that we’ve been giving guidance on the value of one yen move in our NPAT for several years. Our most recent guidance has been that a one yen move impacts NPAT by $25 million for the year. The simple example is accurate and easy to use. However, when we recast every line in our P&L, the calculations impact certain line items differently. Clearly our sales are effected by the interchange. However not all our cost moves within the yen exchange rates. We have some yen based costs, but also have manufacturing cost in other currencies that do not move. As a result, in our recast, our gross margin percent is affected. The impact on display gross margin is 2% points. The impact from the total company gross margin is 1%. I want to be clear we have always had the impact of this change on gross margin embedded in our simple metric of one yen move equals 25 million. However, it’s important you make your out models reflect the line item changes accurately. Our Investor Relations group will be ready to explain the recasting from 93 to 99. There are nuances there are important to understand. With that I’d like to turn to Display’s outlook. We feel very good about the glass market as we enter 2015. Supply chain inventory levels remain healthy, glass supply is tight relative to demand and we expect another year of glass volume grow at retail. The finalized contracts with our customers will substantiate all our volume in 2015, which we believe is the reflection of our customers' desire to lock in glass supply to the strong market and relatively tight supply demand situation. We expect our share to be stable in quarter one and throughout the year. Now for the end market in 2015 we believe TV retail demand is strong. Our preliminary forecast for 2015 is for good growth of LCD glass at retail and our glass demand, driven primarily by TV unit and average screen size growth. We believe the glass market at retail could be up in high single-digits in 2015, expect ultra-high definition sales to at least double to approximately 25 million units in 2015. And of course we’re going to be saying a lot more about our outlook on February 6, at our Investor Relations event in New York City. As we near the end of January, we expect our glass volume outlook in quarter one to be flat to down slightly sequentially. We see quarter one LCD glass market declining sequentially, reflecting normal seasonality and of course fewer shipping days in February. Now recall Q2 is the slowest retail season. So the supply chain should do some moderation in late Q1 to manage inventory. You should note the LCD glass market and our volumes in Q1 are up year-over-year reflecting the larger market. Now we expect price declines in Q1 to again moderate and similar in Q4. We are especially delighted to not have a repeat of last year’s Q1 pricing event. We remain optimistic, the glass industry can continue to moderate quarterly price declines for the full year for several reasons. First, retail demand is expected to grow, helping to maintain a healthy supply chain inventory. Second, panel makers are profitable and they are getting the benefit of the weaker yen. Third, glass supply's tight demand; and fourth, the operating margins of our competitors are such they can’t afford large price declines if they hope to remain profitable. As for our glass capacity, I want to reiterate that we intend to diligently manage our capacity to supply, customer agreements that stabilize our share our health manufacturing organization to manage capacity and demand, and we look forward to renewed agreements and maintaining that stability in 2015. Now turning to the Optical Communications segment, we expect Q1 sales to be up more than 10% versus Q1 of last year. Enterprise and fiber-to-home sales are up in North America. And of course adding to Optical Communications organic growth will be sales from the recent acquisition of TR Manufacturing. Environmental, we expect Q1 sales to be consistent year-over-year. Volume is up versus last year in most products, but is offset by now the much weaker euro versus last year. Without this FX impact, environmental sales would have been up approximately 5%. We expect Specialty Material sales to be up approximately 10% year-over-year in Q1. The retail market for touch devices is strong in Q4 and our Gorilla Glass shipments in quarter four and quarter one are up driven by this retail demand. Specialty sales are down sequentially due to normal seasonality of Gorilla Glass. For the full year we expect the volume growth at Gorilla Glass to be in line with IT handheld market and price declines to be more moderate than in 2014 due to Gorilla Glass 4. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be consistent with last year’s first quarter. Our Life Science business is now also being impacted by the weaker euro. We expect sales would have been up low single digits without the FX impact. Equity earnings Dow Corning are expect to be approximately $69 million, up 10% year-over-year, driven by polysilicon sales. Now continuing on with rest of our quarter one forecast, we expect gross margin to be approximately 43%, which compares to 43% in Q1 last year with a yen and U.S. dollar exchange rate at 99. The move to constant yet rate of 99 doesn’t affect our LCD glass reporting as I outlined earlier. As a reminder we’ve given the guidance of one yen move change to NPAT for a long time. Embedded with that metric is this nuance on gross margin. SG&A and R&D spending will be 13% and 8% of sales respectively and consistent with 2014. Other income and other expense is expected to be a net expense of $40 million in Q1. Our effective tax rate for 2015 should be around 18%. Projected range is higher than 2014, driven by the regional mix of sales and assumes that no renewal of the tax extenders bill. We expect full year capital spending to be $1.3 billion, maybe $1.4 billion. As we sum up outlook for Q1, you see we expect another quarter of year-over-year earnings growth. We will be providing the recast of Q1 2014 in a few minutes for you to do your year-over-year calculation.  Now for those investors who also like to do sequential comparisons, please remember to use the quarter four 99 yen recast. If you are concentrating on sequential comparisons other than the recasting of the yen, please remember that in Q4 we received the final payment related to the settlement technology dispute. It doesn’t show up again in Q1. Q4 equity earnings in Dow Corning were very large driven by the strong end of year contract fulfillment orders for polysilicon. Expect polysilicon sales to be down seasonally in Q1 and Dow Corning’s tax rate will rebound to be higher in 2015. Corning's effective tax rate in 2015 will be one to two points higher than 2014. Now please remember, the low rate in quarter four is not indicative of the full year tax rate. Ann and Steven are available to help you as you update your models.  So in summary, we're coming off a great quarter and a great year and we expect that momentum to deliver growth again this quarter. That concludes my opening remarks. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you Jim. Greg, we'll now open the lines for question. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). One moment please for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Please go ahead. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Jim, you are talking about in the display segment, volumes -- glass volumes are beginning to firm up. Can you just elaborate more, and how should we think about the ASP component as volumes are getting firm, especially as your customers are beginning to worry about supply? And that’s what I heard from you.
Jim Flaws: So, we believe our price declines will be moderate again in Q1, have most of that done now and we're delighted by that, and we think all the trends in the industry are positive for ASP and we expect moderate price declines every quarter this year. 
Mehdi Hosseini: And your comment that volumes are beginning to firm up, is that more of a quarterly firming up? Is that for the whole year? How should we think about the timing part of it?
Jim Flaws: I don’t think I used the word firm up, I believe. Volumes are very strong, actually all of last year. They were stronger than we expected in quarter four and we think they will be good in quarter one. So -- and if you come there are events, we will be giving you lot more details and full guidance for the Display market.
Mehdi Hosseini : And then one follow-up on the Specialty Material. If I were to exclude the receivable write off, how did margins trend and how should we think about the margin trend into 2015?
Jim Flaws: Earnings would have been up in quarter four without the receivable write off. I think the number is 8%. And in terms of gross margins in Specialty and Gorilla, we expect them to improve this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ehud Gelblum from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Ehud Gelblum : A couple of questions, just a quick clarification. The gross margin this quarter was below guidance. Was that due to the write-off?
Jim Flaws: No, the gross margins were three minor items that made it be -- I think it rounded about 1% lower. There is nothing significant there. 
Ehud Gelblum : Okay. And is that going to stay back -- stay at the 44% level instead of going back up next quarter. So it just continue, kind of how we read into that?
Jim Flaws: As you know, our gross margin is always a mix of the various business, but our expected gross margin to be 43% with the yen at 99. 
Ehud Gelblum : At this moment [ph] go get into that. On Gorilla, can you give us an update as to what is happening with notebooks and laptops? Are you seeing any more penetration there or is it still primarily the tablet and smartphone market. And on Gorilla Glass 4, it sounds like you are getting a premium on it versus a Gorilla Glass 3. Where does that premium though the price point set versus where Gorilla Glass was prior to the large beginning of 2014? Is it around same level or is it doubled?
Jim Flaws: I don’t actually have that comparison in my head, of what it was before the cut. So I'll think about how much we're going to disclose on that. In terms of the touch and notebook market, actually there was some progress this past year versus 2013 and we expect some continued progress of the share of it grows as a part of notebook market and we actually have improved our own share of that in ’14 and we expect to improve it again in 2015. It’s just not a fast growing change.
Ehud Gelblum : Okay, on the hedges, on a prior conference call, I believe you may have said that you did have some hedges at 93 that extended into 2015. A, is that correct and B, if that’s the case I think you said at one point that around two thirds of your 2015 may have been hedged at 93. How do you handle the 93 hedges when you're doing -- when you’re showing Corning at 99? So is part of the game reflected into core revenue and the rest still sit in other income?
Jim Flaws: Incorrect. We never said we had two thirds of 2015 at 93. We had a small proportion of 2015 at 93. And what we had done is chosen from accounting point of view a selective blended rate of 99 that carries over the three years. In any given quarter the rate maybe slightly different but we are allowed to choose a blended rate and we’ve done that for the three years. But we never have that higher proportion of 2015 hedged at 93.
Ehud Gelblum : Okay, also [indiscernible] reference again. So again in any given quarter you’ll pick to 99 up to the current spot? You won't reflect that in revenue but any gains that would have come from it, a different actual number -- let's say you're hedged at 97 for a given quarter, the difference between 97 to 99, that still shows up [ph] in other income. Is that the right way to look at it?
Jim Flaws: We don’t -- the movement in our hedge rate around this blended rate is very, very tiny. So in our core reporting numbers you see it’s all done at the constant 99. In our GAAP you will see the settlement of hedges in the current quarter and then the mark-to-market for the entire portfolio of hedges.
Ehud Gelblum : Helpful. And finally, can you give update on what Dow is doing in the optical department? I didn’t see -- in the optical segment I didn’t hear that that was necessarily a driver but it had been in the past. Is it still strong as it had been?
Jim Flaws: It’s never been a big driver. It’s kind of a growing business, and you're going to hear more about it at our IR day in a week.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you, good morning Jim. We've not seen your 8-K yet, but directionally can you help us think about where the 2014 Q1 gross margin was on a 99 yen basis? So operationally if the gross margin is flat, up or down year-on-year? And I have a follow up.
Jim Flaws: Directionally it’s 43%.
Wamsi Mohan: So it's flat year-on-year. Okay thanks. And then in equity earnings, were there any take or pay enforcement that helped in the quarter and how should we think about equity earnings in ’15, again if you think it should be flat, up or down in ’15? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: So the take or pay contracts are -- there was no enforcement action in quarter four, meaning that no one stopped taking and didn’t fulfil their contract and therefore we booked the overall revenue that was outstanding on the contract. What you saw was primarily the impact of people. In order to keep the contracts current, they have to buy a certain amount within a calendar year. But we see people delay that until the fourth quarter. Then you recall actually in the fourth quarter of 2013, we had the sudden rush. We actually couldn’t fulfill it all and some spilled into quarter one of 2014. We're prepared for that this year, but people are living up to their contracts. But there is no enforcement of a take or pay where we recognize the revenue in quarter four.
Wamsi Mohan: And do you expect overall equity earnings to be flat, up or down in ’15?
Jim Flaws: I guess more comment on equity earnings when we get to the IR Day. 
Wamsi Mohan: Okay, thanks and then last question from me is on -- from a gross margin perspective, you should be seeing the benefit of CPM and the increased synergies flow through on a constant like 99 yen basis. So as we look through the trend in 2014 shouldn't we expect the ’15 trend in gross margins to continue to trend up through the course of the year?
Jim Flaws: So assuming that we get moderate price declines every quarter, which is what our expectation is, we expect excellent cost reduction and that will contribute to improve gross margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue : Jim, you seem to be recognizing the benefit of the price strategy change made a few years ago with stable share and moderate price declines and structurally, the thought before was that your primary competitors were focused less on margins than Corning is. That seems to all have changed. Are we at a point where we can predict industry profit growth considering most of the -- all of the players there are actually focused on market share at this point?
Jim Flaws: I can’t comment specifically on what our competition is going to do. I can tell you that we certainly hope that the industry has moderate price declines, but I cannot predict what they’re going to do?
Mark Sue : Would you get the sense that everyone has seen, predicted [indiscernible] benefit of stated decline so that the rationality is likely to prevail, at least for Corning's point of view?
Jim Flaws: Again Mark I can’t comment on what are our competitors are seeing and doing and what their outlook is. You can read their public statements. I can only comment that for quarter three of last year, quarter four of last year, quarter one of this year we have seen a moderating price decline and we expect that to continue.
Mark Sue : That’s helpful, Jim. And then on oil prices, I know it might be a stretch, but just wondering if you have some data, which correlates lower gas prices and higher TV demand and does actually lower oil prices help with input cost as well for Corning, just how we should think about the moving dynamics of this large variable for Corning?
Jim Flaws: No, I have no correlations between energy prices at retail and sale televisions. We clearly believe that consumers are getting in their pocket quite a bit of benefit from the lower gas prices if you use oil. And so we think that could potentially show up in a rush [ph] in terms of strength in consumer electronics and strength in the car business. Relative to our own cost structure, energy is a very small component of our build materials. Actually as I think you know, in Display our largest component by far is depreciation. But generally we're a natural gas user, not an oil user. The days we fired our tanks with oil are long gone. But it will be a slight benefit. We do have some hedges. So we don’t get the immediate benefit of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi from UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi : Jim, I apologize if you touched on this. You’re starting the year at 43% gross margin. Just curious, from here on out, should we expect gross margin to ebb and flow as volumes in display and your other segments trend or are there other underlying structural enhancements that could meaningfully drive gross margin higher.
Jim Flaws: I think that as always our gross margin is the add up of all our various segments. If we get moderate price declines on Display all year along, other than Q2 which is generally the lower volume quarter, I think we have the ability to slightly improve Display’s gross margins with a accommodation of cost reduction and moderate price decline. As you’re thinking now Gorilla is actually our highest gross margin product. And so if there is a strong market growth in phones and tablets and it flows to us, that will help us from a mix point of view. In telecom, things that are selling well and have slightly higher gross margin compared to the average segment. So that could help. And finally in Environmental, we have made dramatic improvements in manufacturing. So our gross margins are improving there. So I think you could see a slight increase in gross margins as we go through the year.
Amitabh Passi : Okay, that’s very helpful. And I wanted to clarify -- on the telecom segment you talked about the benefit of TR Manufacturing, but I presume in Q1 you will also include the Samsung fiber optics business that you acquired in December.
Jim Flaws: The Samsung deal has not closed. So that probably won't close until the end of February or the end of March. So you probably won’t see much impact of that until Q2. 
Amitabh Passi : Got it. And then just one final question. What are your expectations for the adoptions of Iris, which you unveiled that CES? Theoretically that gives you a third sheet of glass in TVs, but I’m just curious how you’re thinking about adoption rates?
Jim Flaws: I’m going to have to ask you to hold that question till our Investor Day on February 6, because Iris will be talked about by both Wendell Weeks and Jim Clappin. 
Operator:
. :
Patrick Newton : I guess number one is pertaining to Gorilla Glass. I think you stated that volume growth should be in line with IT handheld and that price declines would be more moderate than 2014 due to Gorilla Glass 4. I would love your view on what Corning’s outlook is for IT handheld in 2015. And then the pricing decline commentary, 2014 was relatively aggressive. Could you help us kind of narrow the range a little bit?
Jim Flaws: I’m not going to give the specific numbers on price but the reduction for the full year of 2015 should be quite a bit lower than what it was in 2014. In terms of market growth, I think we have handheld square feet growing 15%. We’re thinking media tablets could grow in the upper single digits. And then of course we will have some growth from touch on notebook. And just a reminder, we hope that all flows to us, but we have to always manage the supply chain [indiscernible] but we would do think that those are the kind of growth rates we'll see at retail.
Patrick Newton : All right. Just one more from me. You seem pretty confident on display demand for the industry in 2015. And so I want to focus on industry capacity. I know you’re not going to talk about competitor plans, but there have been some public announcements about new plants that will be operational exiting 2015. So as we look at the industry, do you believe that new capacity additions in areas like China are going to be matched by reductions in other geographies which is similar to what we saw the industry do in 2014, or do you think that the situation with tighter capacity, healthy panel prices, growth in large TVs could result in the industry actually adding net capacity in 2015?
Jim Flaws: Well, the glass industry is adding capacity because of the continued drive to more Fin. As I think you know that for us in Korea we were quite a bit lower amount of Fin. So the glass industry overall is benefitting from the move to Fin. Corning's benefiting from it quite a bit in Korea right now. In terms of new glass tank construction, there have been an announcement by one of our competitors. I don’t think that has much impact on 2015 and they did say they would do the same thing as they did in the past and shutdown capacity in Japan. I just have to rely on their public statements as you do. So I think -- I don’t think you will see any surge of glass capacity coming on. And I would say the industry continues to manage their tanks in an appropriate manner. As an example we have tanks that remained closed that we're not lighting up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Rod Hall : I guess I got a couple. One Jim, I wonder if you could comment a little bit on UHD 4K price elasticity. I know your comments in Q3 were that, you've seen a little bit more elasticity at that point anyway than you thought and I think you have made positive comments on through the quarter. But just wanted to know what you think is happening with price elasticity there? And whether this 1.5 times price ratio between UHD and HD still holds, or do you think it’s a higher ratio than that where we see demand acceleration?
Jim Flaws : Rod it’s probably a little premature, because I don’t have the final numbers for December but directionally I continue support what you said. I think that we felt, first all prices came down more than we originally expected. And that particularly a large size of consumers are choosing 4K overwhelmingly. But I just don’t have final numbers. But I think in 10 days I'd ask you to direct that question at our display market team which will be in New York. We may have better data there. Just speaking personally, but the CFO’s spin on it, I think 4K will be better than our official numbers. 
Rod Hall : And then I also wanted to just clarify you -- I think you guys are -- you are saying that pricing for glass -- TV glass moderate in Q1 further. On our calculations that puts it at moving toward a 2% quarterly decline rate. Do you think that’s kind of the bottom for the decline rate? Or do you believe that we bottom out on the decline rates than we're in the middle of 2015. Just trying to get some idea on what the 2015 decline rate might look like in terms of trajectory?
Jim Flaws : Well, we haven’t given a specific number for Q1. It’s again very moderate and continuing the trend we had. I don’t think there has to be bottom on this. We'd love to continue to have price declines edge slightly lower every quarter. I'd like to see if we can make that happen. But clearly we have high hopes of a low number. 
Rod Hall : Okay, and then just one final question is on your comments on Optical. You talked about North American fiber to the home FTTH deployments. Title 2 regulations seems like it might affect that. I just wondered if you could give us any thoughts you've got in terms of what the SEC regulatory changes might mean for the trajectory of those revenues in 2015, if they mean anything at all.
Jim Flaws : Rod, I think it would be all speculation on my part, because I don’t know exactly what the regulations would be and how they would enforce them. I think our policy statement is pretty firm. We think that the regulation exists today, has been very beneficial for the industry and we think people ought to be very careful about that. But as to exactly what it looks like and what our customers may do, it'd just be speculation on my part. I do think all of this comes against the obvious trend of bandwidth demand continues to grow very rapidly, driven by video in particular and I think everybody has to keep thinking about what consumers want. And so -- but when you come to New York for our IR Day, I urge you to talk to Clark Kinlin and give -- our telecom guys there might have stronger point of view about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox : Just circling back on the CPM improvements. You mentioned that again it was greater than you anticipated, the $100 million Jim, can you sort of talk about what drove that in the quarter and for the year? How much of it was just circumstances around the volume growth? And then what can we expect for this year and what kind of projects at CPM are driving the incremental savings that you can get in 2015? Thanks. 
Jim Flaws : Overall for CPM, we had the reduction in cost from reducing the number of people. We had increasing utilization. We had standardization between what we call our wholly owned business and CPM in terms of best practices. And then of course as you mentioned actually volume did help us. So I have to say it’s more the same for 2015. I can tell you that Jim Clappin will be giving a presentation and will actually unveil a new number for 2015 there. I’ll give you a tease that it will be better.
Steven Fox: Great. That's very helpful. And then just a quick follow up on the optical. How much -- when you look at 2015 or just in Q1 rather, how much is enterprise versus say carrier growth? Where do you see the better opportunity for the quarter and then for the year?
Jim Flaws : I just don’t have those details with me. Steve so I’d ask you to ask Clark Kinlin about it. I just don’t have him with me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Wolf from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf : Thank you. Just a couple of questions. On the new side we’re seeing I guess Japan, some of the large TV assembly guys cutting their capacity significantly. Our take has been that’s helpful for I guess the other regions in the world and I’m wondering if you give some perspective there. And also if there is any chance that that means anything with regard to yen pricing and the panel business going forward?
Jim Flaws : We obviously have seen the reports of cutbacks in Japan. I don’t have any information as to whether it has anything to do with the yen or maybe very customer specific to that panel maker. I really don’t have much detail on it. Obviously for us we continue to think that worldwide demand is strong. Regionally China has been very good for us. So I think some of those statements attributed that cutback to less demand for China, but overall our Chinese demand has been very strong.
Joseph Wolf : Okay, and then just in terms of the cash position, could you just review for us how much of that cash is outside of the United States and in what currency that’s denominated in you’re thinking about repatriation versus potential losses on holding things in Euro right now.
Jim Flaws : So, we will be giving our U.S. cash position in our 10-K, which should be filed in the second week of February. It has been improving. We don’t hold Euros. So we’re not losing. Our treasurer is quite proud of himself this morning for having not been holding Euros. So we don’t have that situation and we do have repatriation plans and strategies as we talked about before and when you see our 10-K, I think you’ll be delighted.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona Jankowski : Recognizing that you’re going to hold off on most Iris comments to the Analyst Day, but just wanted to clarify if any potential ramp into the back half of the year is included or not in the outlook you gave for high single digit growth for the glass market this year?
Jim Flaws : It was not included.
Simona Jankowski : Okay, and then Jim, could you expand a little bit on the three items you referenced that drove the one point delta in gross margins versus expectations?
Jim Flaws : They really were pretty minor things. I think we made an adjustment to one sales contract that would have been amortized over a three years and we took it all in one quarter because of the change in terms, and it was a little bit of customer mix in one of our businesses for lower gross margin customer. So as I said, it was nothing that was of any significance and it was not an alarming trend or anything to us.
Simona Jankowski : Got you. The first one you referenced, was that in the display segment in terms of the contractual pricing adjustment?
Jim Flaws : Yes.
Simona Jankowski : Okay, got you. And then just last question on specialty materials where you talked about your expectation of more moderate pricing this year versus last year, is that entirely due to the mix of the Gorilla Glass 4 or is that also the case on a like-for-like basis? And then I just wanted to confirm that you’ve had your price negotiations for this year or is that still ahead?
Jim Flaws : Well, the majority of the impact is due to the mix shift with Gorilla 4 and the higher pricing of Gorilla 4. We do hope to have smaller price declines on Gorilla Glass 3. There is still big customers who are buying that. I think we have completed a lot of our Gorilla price negotiations. I don’t think we’ve done them all at this stage.
Ann Nicholson: Operator, we’ve got time for one more quick question.
Operator: Okay, that question comes from the line of James Fawcett from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Fawcett: I just had one quick follow up question and a little bit higher level question. As you look at the growth in capacity coming from China, particularly new Chinese entrants into the glass market and put that together with the increase in demand out of the Chinese OEMs et cetera. Where are you seeing those new glass entrants come into the market? Are they coming in at the low end and not really having much of an impact or are you starting to amend to them on a day-to-day basis? And I’m just wondering how you’re thinking about from a long term there I’m sure they have ambitions to move up, like where you think you need to meet them and compete with them directly going forward?
Jim Flaws : Sure. So short term new entrants have not have much impact on market price. We’ve seen them in smaller generations in China and somewhat in Taiwan. But they really have not had much of an impact on the market at all. They clearly have higher aspirations as to everybody who is in business and so we recognize over the longer time, and I emphasize longer term, we know we have to compete with it. Many of these are state owned enterprises, but in the short to medium horizon I don’t think this is an issue for our display business and our results.
Ann Nicholson: Jim, you have some closing comments.
Jim Flaws: Sure, thanks Ann. Just a couple of Investor Relations comments. As I've been mentioning throughout my comments and hoping you will attend, we have our annual Investor Day in New York City on February 6. It's at a new location. It’s again at Cipriani, but at Cipriani Wall Street, so Downtown. We’re going to have numerous hands on demonstrations at our business exhibits and we’ll be giving you growth expectations for 2015 and talking about lot of the new products. So in addition to our CEO, Wendell Weeks and myself, our three business group leaders will be speaking to you about their plans to continue their sales and earnings growth. It will be very informative hands on event, and I really hope you will consider attending in person. Just to summarize on the call, we finished 2014 with an outstanding quarter and achieved our goal of year-over-year earnings growth in every quarter this past year. We did an outstanding job with the CPM acquisitions, brought the Company and our shareholders numerous benefits including media accretion and excellent free cash flow. We’re making great progress on improving manufacturing efficiencies and controlling our costs in our businesses. Ultimately this all resulted in a 24% earnings per share growth last year. I think very important for investors, we returned significant cash to shareholders when we completed our $2 billion share buyback program last year and also announcing a 1.5 billion share buyback program for the beginning of this year, and finally increasing our dividend with a 20% increase its effective in the first quarter. We’re coming into 2015 with expectations for growth in sales and even more in earnings. We tend to maintain stable display earnings with moderate price declines. We’re going to diligently manage our glass capacity and continue to reduce cost. And we have prospects we believe for growth in Optical Communications, Specialty Materials, Environmental and Life Sciences. So stay tuned for more details at our Annual Investor Meeting. Thank you again for listening. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim and thank you all for joining us today. Playback of the call is available beginning at 11 AM Eastern today and will run until 5 PM Eastern on Tuesday, February 10. To listen in, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 349651. The audio cast of course is available on our website during that time. Operator that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Vice President, Investor Relations Wendell Weeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rod Hall - JPMorgan Patrick Newton - Stifel Amitabh Passi - UBS Joseph Wolf - Barclays Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Steven Fox - Cross Research Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Corning Incorporated Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Results. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ann Nicholson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Gray. Good morning. Welcome to Corning’s third quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our formal remarks, I would like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation can be found on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to share the details of our third quarter performance with you this morning. Corning had an outstanding quarter with EPS up 21% versus last year. This makes two full years of year-over-year quarterly earnings growth, a significant accomplishment. It’s a trend we are proud of and working to continue. I would like to recap our 2014 areas of focus, which have been key to this success year-to-date. They are number one to continue the positive momentum in Display Technologies, number two to integrate Corning Precision Materials and execute on the synergy plan, number three to grow sales and profits of our other segments, and number four to return cash to shareholders. We continue to advance on each one of these priorities. In display, our LCD glass volume growth was excellent and our price declines continue to moderate. TV retail sales and screen size have been stronger than our forecast and we are increasing our view of glass demand for the year. Overall, this business has good momentum heading into quarter four and next year. Our CPM integration is going well and we feel very good about getting $90 million or more in pre-tax synergies this year. In total, these first two priorities contributed about half of our quarter three year-over-year EPS improvement. The other half of our EPS improvement came from the latter two priorities. In our other segments, we are seeing excellent growth in Environmental and Optical Communications, actually stronger than our expectations. Specialty Materials did meet the expectations we outlined in our July call and Dow Corning had an excellent quarter. Finally, we are continuing the share repurchases and expect to complete our current program in quarter four. So, let’s get into third quarter highlights. In the third quarter, we had record core sales in gross margin, with Optical Communications and Display Technologies exceeding our expectations. We delivered $0.40 of earnings per share that surpassed last year by $0.07. We realized increased synergies from the integration of CPM and we attained more moderate price declines for LCD glass. Let’s turn to the details. Now as a reminder, we are providing core performance results in order to exclude non-performance related items and increase the transparency of our operating results. Core financial measures are non-GAAP, which we use in addition to GAAP. You can find the detailed reconciliations on our website outlining the differences between these non-GAAP measures and the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Third quarter sales were $2.6 billion, up 26% versus last year and a new record driven largely by the consolidation of CPM sales. We have successfully expanded our gross margin percent with Q3 being up 1.5 points driven by the improved profitability in Environmental, Optical Communications, Life Sciences and Display as well as the CPM integration. Gross equity earnings of $76 million were down 37% year-over-year driven by the elimination of the equity earnings of SCP following the acquisition. Equity earnings were above our forecast driven by Dow Corning. Our effective tax rate was approximately 19% as expected. So, overall, EPS was $0.40, up 21% over a year ago and $0.03 above consensus. During the quarter, we bought approximately $200 million of shares in the open market. We had $183 million remaining on our current program and expect to complete it in Q4. Now, I will go to the detailed segment results and I will begin with Display. Display sales were $1.1 billion in Q3, a 62% increase versus last year, driven by the additional sales from our now consolidated operations in Korea, Corning Precision Materials. Q3 sequential price declines were less than Q2, as we had expected. The LCD glass market up single-digits sequentially exceeded our expectations for the quarter driven by better than anticipated television sales and the supply chain’s preparations for retail sales for quarter four. The supply chain had likely anticipated some cooling off the television sales after the World Cup. However, retail television unit sell-through in July and August was up in every region except Japan and Latin America. We anticipate Latin America be down given the very high set level of sales in Q2 for the World Cup. Japan remains sluggish, but less than 5% of the market. All other regions were up and year-to-date through August we estimate TV unit retail sell-through is up 7%. Additionally, consumers are buying larger televisions, which adds to the volume of glass ships. I will give you our revised expectations for the higher growth of LCD glass market in our outlook section. Supply chain inventory remained healthy exiting the quarter with forward-looking weeks of inventory down more than one week versus the end of Q2. We have always used panel prices to aid our analytics on the supply chain in Display market. Panel prices have risen over Q2 and Q3. We do not believe the recent flattening of panel prices is caused for alarm because we do not see any unusual inventory buildup in the supply chain. Our volume in the third quarter was up high-single digits sequentially, volume growth slightly outpaced market growth as we continue to recover share at one customer in Korea. Recall, in Q1 volume growth was softer than the market driven mainly by technical issue with our product at this account. We expect to continue – we continue to expect our full year volume growth to be in line with market growth and our worldwide share remains stable year-over-year. Gross equity earnings from – on our equity venture in Korea SCG were immaterial. Year-over-year gross margins improved in Display driven by the CPM consolidation. Net income was up 14% year-over-year reflecting the impact of additional sales earnings and synergies from CPM. Display organization has done an outstanding job this year with cost reduction and successfully integrating CPM. In Optical Communications, Q3 sales were $698 million, up 7% versus last year and better than we expected, driven by both enterprise and carrier sales in several regions. All businesses and regions contributed to the year-over-year growth with the exception of fiber sales in China. Net income was up 8% versus last year, higher than sales as higher volume and manufacturing efficiency outpaced year-over-year price declines. On Environmental, Q3 sales were $282 million, up 25% versus last year. Diesel sales were up 41% with new regulations in Europe as well as strong truck builds in North America driving additional heavy-duty sales. Light-duty diesel and auto sales were also up versus last year. Both the global light-duty and U.S. Class A truck markets are doing very well this year. Net income in Environmental was up 78% in the record quarter. Strong volumes in auto and heavy-duty diesel as well as manufacturing efficiencies continue to push up Environmental’s profitability. Specialty Material sales for the quarter were up 10% sequentially, driven by Gorilla Glass shipments for new product launches. Sales were consistent with Q3 of 2013 with price declines offsetting additional volume for Gorilla Glass. Net income in Q3 was up 18% sequentially on the higher Gorilla Glass volume, but down year-over-year by approximately 20%. The lower year-over-year sales price which had occurred in quarter one impacted the segment’s profitability. In Life Sciences, sales and net income were relatively consistent year-over-year. Gross margin as a percentage of sales was up from volume and spending improvements. The low level of NIH spending has been affecting life science sales growth expectations for the year. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were $68 million, including earnings from Hemlock. Earnings were up $40 million versus Q3 of ‘13. Hemlock added $10 million in higher volume improved manufacturing. Silicones business sales were up versus last year improving equity earnings by approximately $20 million. Year-over-year equity earnings were also impacted by favorable tax expense, which was partially offset by the non-repeat of a favorable one-time item in 2013. Netting the tax expense versus this one-time added $10 million to equity earnings. Now, turning to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $6.1 billion in cash and short-term investments. We had very strong operating cash flow in the quarter. Strong operating cash flow also resulted in strong free cash flow quarter of more than $900 million. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. You can find a reconciliation of GAAP on our website. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of cash in the United States. Cap spending in the quarter was $262 million. We believe our total capital spending for 2014 will be approximately $1.15 billion with both CPM and staff groups tracking to lower spending. Our preliminary capital spending forecast for 2015 is for $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. Of course, we’ll update you on this in January. So, now, I will swing to outlook and I will start with Display. We are upgrading our expectations for the LCD retail and glass markets for the year. We expect the retail market as measured in square feet of glass to be up 10% this year better than our prior forecast above mid to high single-digits, because of strong television markets. Year-to-date, more televisions have been sold at retail and with larger average screen sizes than our forecast. Our preliminary look at 2015 also calls for growth in the television market. We expect the average screen size to increase 3% through 2015 driven primarily by increased affordability. Moreover, we believe screen size growth will be robust beyond 2015 driven by ultra-high definition television penetration, which favors larger size televisions. We believe ultra-high def unit sales will double to approximately $25 million in 2015. Now, I know some investors are concerned about television sales given the current volatility in financial markets and some less than great economic indicators in Europe. This chart shows the history of the television market dating back to 1970. As you can see historically, there is some correlation to TV demand reacting to recessions, but not always and not to a large degree. That helps us form a more optimistic picture about next year than some of our analysts. The yellow bars indicate recessions. As you can see in some recession, the units continue to grow, example plus 2% during the first Gulf War period of time. In the financial crisis, units dropped to 1%. We expect LCD television unit growth to be up 4% on a continuous basis through 2018. TV units have a history of growing and we expect this trend to continue with the potential for even higher growth rate given the faster replacement rate versus the CRT era. Now, next year is the year when more than half of all televisions in existence will be LCDs overtaking the CRT. In quarter four, we expect the LCD glass market to be down slightly sequentially on a normal seasonality, although the volume is up year-over-year. Corning glass volume is expected to be flat to down slightly. We expect additional share recovery at the one account in Korea, where we experienced a technical issue earlier this year. We expect LCD glass price declines in Q4 to further moderate the levels we experienced through most of 2013. Now, moving to Optical Communications, we expect Q4 sales to be up mid single-digits versus Q4 2013 driven by the continued strong sales of enterprise data solutions and fiber-to-the-home sales in North America. We now expect full year sales to be greater than 10%, up due to growth in fiber-to-the-home, datacenters and wireless optical connectivity. Environmental sales, we expect Q4 sales to be up high single-digits year-over-year driven by the continued stronger heavy-duty diesel sales in the U.S. and from new regulations in Europe. Environmental should achieve its $1 billion sales milestone this year. Now, turning to Specialty Materials, we expect sales to be down in the low to mid-teens versus the strong third quarter, which was driven by demand for new product launches. Gorilla volume will be up year-over-year in Q4 as it was in Q3. Now, we are planning to launch our next generation of Gorilla Glass on November 20. I can’t spoil the launch, but it does promise to have dramatically improved performance characteristics and our customers are already integrating this glass into the new products. Additionally, we expect our new glass to help us continue the trend of more moderate price impact we have seen the last two quarters. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be consistent with last year. Life Sciences business has reacted to flat market by working on its cost to maintain profitability. Now, continuing with the rest of our quarter four forecast, we expect quarter four equity earnings to be approximately $80 million to $90 million. This is up from Q3 driven by Dow Corning, where Hemlock Solar customers are purchasing more polysilicon to meet year end contractual obligations. We expect our core equity earnings from Dow Corning to be approximately $80 million to $85 million in Q4. This is up year-over-year with higher sales at both Hemlock and silicones business. For the corporation, we expect gross margin to be about 46% driven by net positive factors in every business. Display gross margin improved versus last year due to consolidation of CPM. SG&A and R&D spending should be approximately 14.5% and 8% of sales respectively. For modeling purposes note that SG&A is up from Q3 on normal seasonality. Now, we expect our other income, other expense line to be an income of $10 million to $20 million in quarter four. This will include the final payment of an intellectual property settlement. Our effective tax rate for 2014 is expected to be approximately 19%. The projected rate is higher than 2013 driven by the addition of CPM’s income, which is taxed at the Korean tax rate of 24%. Now, before I get to some additional financial items, I wanted to make a couple of comments on the innovation. Several programs are advancing nicely. Beyond Gorilla Glass 4 that I mentioned earlier, Corning was recently awarded BMW Supplier Innovation Award for lightweight automotive Gorilla Glass. And our engagements with auto customers are accelerating. Additionally, we are making excellent progress on a major innovation project in Life Sciences. Our fully diluted share count for Q3 was $1.41 billion. Our current forecast for the average fully diluted share count for Q4 is approximately $1.4 billion. Obviously depending on the stock price in our Q4, the purchasing activity in this number may vary slightly. Now, regarding the impact of yen in our earnings, we have shared the level of hedges we have put in place for 2015 to 2017 to offset the impact of the weakening yen. The yen has weakened significantly again during the quarter. So, we are very pleased that we secured these translation hedges earlier until 2014. We currently report core performance at a constant yen. The rate is 93, which matches our hedged contracts which extend through 2014. As we get closer to 2015, we will communicate our current thinking and strategy for core performance measures as they relate to constant yen reporting. Now, we have been very active on shareholder distributions over the past 2 years. As our investors know, our current repurchase authorization will be complete this year. I am delighted that the Board of Directors has decided to accelerate the consideration of future repurchases and dividend increases. That concludes my opening remarks. Ann?
Ann Nicholson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim. We will now open the line for questions. Greg?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rod Hall from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess the first question I had for you was regarding Display demand. Jim, you gave a little bit of color in terms of regional spread on demand heading into Q4, but I am wondering if you could just give us some idea of what you are thinking on demand from various regions like the U.S. economy seems like it’s in pretty decent shape and some of the UHD prices are dropping relatively quickly, but then we hear negative things coming out of Asia and Europe etcetera. So, I am just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color there. And then I also wanted to see if you could talk to us a little bit about the Gorilla opportunity in auto, again you said you are progressing on engagements there, they are accelerating, at what point does that become material for Gorilla, do you feel it’s material now, can you give us any idea of when it might start to impact Gorilla growth? Thank you.
Jim Flaws: Well, I will comment briefly on the automotive and let Wendell chime in also. Breaking into the auto industry is going to be a slow and long-term process. We are very encouraged with the rate of engagement, has actually – have been increasing over the past couple of quarters. This is not going to be significant to Gorilla next year in terms of the numbers, but we are delighted by the progress and the feedback that we are getting from car manufacturers. Wendell, anything you would like to add?
Wendell Weeks: No, I think that’s accurate. The new material acceptance criteria in automotive are quite stringent, so the first piece you look for is adoption amongst early adopters who then prove it out all the way to the materials testing system, which now you have seen, hence the award for BMW and Innovation Award. And then what happens next is car company after car company qualifies it a macro and then you turn into platform-by-platform. So it just takes a while in auto, but the good news is the surface area is really high too, so it’s worth being a little bit patient and working through the system.
Jim Flaws: And Rod talking about the regions for Television, as you mentioned, North America has been very strong and we are expecting that to continue both in unit and area growth. Europe actually has been a pleasant surprise all year long and it wasn’t just the World Cup, but embedded in our expectations is it’s the lowest region for us in terms of television unit growth in the last quarter of the year, I guess Japan is equally low. And – but we are looking for North America, China and Latin America to be strong. Latin America, we believe rebounds after the – and it was a little – couple of months where the television growth was much lower, actually negative after the World Cup, but that’s kind of our – how our balance goes.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Okay. And then Jim, I have just one more follow-up which is on the yen hedges, when do you expect to come back to us with a number there for 2015, is that an Investor Day timing for that or do you – would you tell us at the Q4 report. And then just, when are you thinking about coming back to the market for that?
Jim Flaws: We are going to come back at Q4 earnings. We won’t wait for the Investor Day.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Newton from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Yes. Good morning, Wendell, Jim and Ann, thank you for taking my questions. I guess my first one is on Gorilla Glass, I think previously you talked about volume increasing 20% year-over-year, I am trying to understand if this prior outlook still stands, because it appears that your Specialty Material guidance implies flat total revenue year-over-year. And then if there is a delta, is that completely pricing driven?
Jim Flaws: We expect to be just about right on the 20% volume growth. As we did talk about at the beginning of the year, we did have a significant step-down in pricing. And then remember, there are things other than Gorilla in Specialty Materials. There is our semiconductor stepper lens business, which has a little bit of an impact on the numbers. But fundamentally, we expect volume growth for Gorilla to be about 20%. And unfortunately the big step down in prices in Q1 shoot-up a large portion of that.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Okay. And then I guess as a follow-up, just sticking with that theme, you made a comment that your next iteration of Gorilla is going to help pricing declines moderate, should we assume that this version has been prior – I am sorry, thinner than prior durations and should we see the pricing step down that you experienced in Q1 of ‘14 as kind of being a one-time event or is there a possibility that we could see another material step-down in pricing in 2015? Thank you.
Jim Flaws: So we are not expecting a material step-down in pricing in Gorilla for 2015. Wendell, would you like to comment on the thickness and product?
Wendell Weeks: So GG4, when we roll it out, you will see a very dramatic improvement in its damage resistance. And then the question will be will our customers choose to spend that dramatic improvement on improved drop performance for the same thickness or will they choose as they have every other time to go dramatically thinner and keep about the same drop performance. We haven’t seen that be adjudicated at all the different customers that we have engaged with yet, so it’s still a little too early to call which direction they go. No matter what, it’s a step change above GG3 and widens the gap pretty significantly versus any competitive offering.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Great. Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi from UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, guys. Jim, just a quick question for you on LCD, I definitely see that volumes are trending ahead of expectations, but I think if I look at the last four years your ASP declines have been sort of in the mid-teens, sometimes even higher maybe with the exception of 2013, so just wanted to get your thoughts as we look to 2015 how should we be thinking of price declines, should we worry about another step function down in Q1, any sort of clarity on pricing or pricing trajectory would be very helpful?
Jim Flaws: I would be happy to address the pricing commentary. Right now, we don’t see anything in the industry that would indicate that there should be a big step down in quarter one. Things are going away with the combination of our customers’ profitability, panel prices, supply demand being in balance, as we have noted before our competition financial results are quite poor and we are three quarters now in the mission of price declines getting less each quarter. So we are feeling quite good about the price up in quarter one and for 2015. Obviously, I can’t guarantee that, but I think we see the industry structure and the trends being favorable for pricing next year, and that’s obviously our – one of our key goals is to get price declines back and stay that back at a moderate level.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. Maybe just a quick follow-up for Wendell, on the telecom market, Wendell we have seen a lot of announcements now on gigabit deployments in the U.S., just curious from your perspective you are actually seeing the floodgates open, now you are starting to see investments follow through or is a lot of this just (rhetoric) at this point, so we would love to get your thoughts around the Fiber-to-the-Home market?
Wendell Weeks: So we are feeling it and feeling it very positively and it’s why we see our full year revenue to be up greater than 10% for us in Optical. Fiber-to-the-Home is a big part of that. Enterprise, specifically data centers are also part of that, as well as our Wireless business. But what we are seeing is that the dialogue has shifted from whether or not to do Fiber-to-the-Home, to when are we going to end up doing Fiber-to-the-Home. And so that piece that you are picking up, we are beginning to actually see in network planning, and of course in this year we are seeing it in orders.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Thanks a lot. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Wolf from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Thank you. On the TV commentary, the Display side I had a follow-up question. When you mention the pricing that you use and the growth, how – can you give us a little bit more insight on how you use that and does the pricing increase that you are talking about indicate some sort of large screen flattening out for a little while. And then you mentioned a 3% growth, did you mean 3% point – points of, as a percentage of overall Display or a 3% growth in that category. And then just any further commentary on timing of UHD?
Jim Flaws: Well, ultra-high def is – we have been, I think generally slightly below what the industry has said although the numbers this year are slightly beating our expectations. I am not sure what you are referring to on the 3%. We have talked about the average size increasing 3% next year, which would be a little over an inch. And as you know, we have actually twice this year had to raise our estimate of average size, but I think that’s the 3% you are referring to.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Yes, that’s exactly. I wasn’t sure if you meant the percentage of that or a percentage of the total?
Jim Flaws: No, for the average size going up by 3%.
Wendell Weeks: And I think what’s smart about the combined piece of your question is that what we see is the introduction of ultra-high def also tends to push up screen size as well, because the experience is even better the bigger you go. And it also tends to be given the brand’s pricing strategies that their introductory plans tend to be on the larger TVs.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: And then just an update, there was a lot of noise this quarter about the sapphire business. As you introduced Gorilla 4 and you talked about the damage resistance, what are the key characteristics that you think your customers are looking for on the cover glass right now? And how is the – what do you think the market is saying right now with what happened with the sapphire story?
Wendell Weeks: Well, we have talked pretty extensively about sapphire. I mean, I think it is first important to put it in context. So, sapphire is not a new material. We have made a lot of sapphire. And we have made a lot of Gorilla. So, we can do either. We could be in either media and do just fine. We have chosen to invest more strongly in Gorilla. The reason that even though sapphire is a legitimate choice as a cover glass, it’s not a new choice, it’s been out there for a while and there is under single-digit sort of millions of phones that use it. You have about 3 billion phones that use Gorilla. And the reason is this why customers care about is more than just scratch. So, sapphire is superior from the scratch standpoint, but customers also care about battery life and Gorilla Glass transmits more light. So, therefore, it uses less battery power, but they don’t want their phone to break when they drop it and sapphire tends to be more brittle. So, Gorilla’s drop performance is better. People care about value and Gorilla is about one-tenth the cost of sapphire. And people care about how heavy it is and Gorilla Glass is about 40% lighter than sapphire. And some people care about how green the product is and sapphire uses about 100 times more energy than glass to produce. So as we put that whole balance together, we would rather invest the bulk of our innovation portfolio in covers into continuing to improve Gorilla Glass. We just think it’s a better technical bet, even though sapphire remains a valid choice and a material that we will continue to watch closely and continue to make decisions about.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ehud Gelblum from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Hey. Good morning guys. Appreciate it. Thank you. Couple questions on Gorilla, couple questions on glass as usual. Gorilla, 20% volume growth this year, Jim, what are you kind of expecting next year and what are the drivers of that? We have seen tablet growth kind of level out couple of your large customers sort of becoming light on tablets the last couple quarters. Putting aside automotive, what do you – should we be looking at 20% growth again next year in volume and if so kind of what are the drivers there? And then pricing, I know we have never had a normal year for pricing for Gorilla, still you said that pricing took a step down in Q1 of this year, but assuming it doesn’t next year, what does normal pricing – we know what moderate to normal pricing looks like for LCD, we don’t quite know what it means for Gorilla. So, this year it was 20% volume growth, 20% pricing declines, should we be looking at is normal pricing down 10% or so in Gorilla? And then if we look at glass for LCD, 10% growth this year in unit volume in 2014, nice strong number. What should we be looking maybe on the screen size, but you are sort of thinking the same kind of 10% for 2015 and anything there? And then just want to confirm on pricing, you said it was moderating again. So, I am assuming around 4% or so. I just wanted to quantify if 4% was the right decline for pricing for Q3? And why wouldn’t it have come straight back to 2% to 3%? What are the still kind of like minor deltas out there that are still keeping it not to this, in Q3 at least, not to the same levels as 2013? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: I think it’s a record for getting 10 questions in one minute.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: I talk quickly.
Jim Flaws: So, we haven’t given official guidance yet on volume for Gorilla next year. We do expect Gorilla volume to grow, but I am not giving an official number next year. Obviously, we think phones will be up and the key question for us is the growth in tablets. And so we want to see how well tablets finish up this year and then we will give you a volume estimate when we get to our quarter four call. On pricing, I think there is no way at this point in time to tell you what normality is in Gorilla. I mean, we do expect price declines every year. We expect excellent cost reduction. It’s still a very new product and we are continuing to make progress there. What I have said is we are not expecting a repeat of the major down we had in Q1 of 2014. Now, turning to glass, we are – we haven’t given our official estimate for next year. I don’t know if we will get quite to the 10% growth although we continue to be surprised by television both in units and size, but we are looking for the glass market to be up significantly again certainly upper single-digits is very possible. Whether it gets to 10% or not, I can’t tell at this stage. Price declines were under 4% and to answer your question what gets it back to two, we haven’t seen two, absolute two for quite a while, but we think the trends in the industry are continuing to drive us to keep going down on the amount of this quarterly sequential price declines. And that’s again the combination of things I mentioned earlier with the overall health of the supply chain and the health of our customers, our competitors’ weakening financials, so we believe we will continue to edge down a little bit every quarter. Obviously, we would be delighted as I am sure you would if it suddenly went to 2.0.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay, I appreciate it. Could I ask one more thing on core earnings? I was under the impression that you would have made your decision on what to do with core earnings this quarter, what gave you pause obviously, the yen has weakened again to 108. Why didn’t you just go to 99 right now? What are you waiting for?
Jim Flaws: We are very focused on finishing up the year and emphasizing the 93 that we have this year. We have been very, quite transparent about our hedges. The yen has had a lot of volatility in this most recent three months. And so we decided it would have made the more sense to just finish out the year with the 93 emphasizing that and then make a final decision to potentially enter next year.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Next, we will go to the line of Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask you first to follow up on Gorilla. Can you just explain again why you expect it to decline in the fourth quarter that’s typically seasonally strong and you have some customers ramping new products? Is that an inventory effect or what do see there driving that decline?
Jim Flaws: So, actually it’s the opposite. Quarter four volumes, with the exception of 2012, when most of that ended up in inventory actually do go down. I don’t think we are at a point of calling it that we have enough history to say it’s a seasonality thing. The volumes in Gorilla tend to be driven by product launches. Customers build for that and we believe the down in quarter four is because of the large launch and large amount that we ship. That has happened in many quarter fours. That’s why people tend to think about it as normal seasonality, but it really relates to the impact of model launches and how fast people build them. Sometimes they happen, the launches, on a more spread out period of time. This was a very concentrated one in the back part of quarter three.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then when you talked about not expecting a repeat of the big price down for Gorilla next year is what you saw the beginning of this year, can you just expand a little bit on what gives you that confidence? And putting it all together is it reasonable to expect that Gorilla revenues can grow next year?
Jim Flaws: I won’t comment anymore on the pricing. You will have to wait till November 20, launch date of Gorilla 4, but I will say that it is I think reasonable that we have growth in Specialty Materials revenue netting the volume growth and the pricing.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just one last one on FX, recognizing you won’t give us the precise guidance until next quarter, but I think you had commented in the past about a roughly 5% headwind from the FX change in terms of your hedge as we think about your earnings for next year, is that still the right way to think about it?
Jim Flaws: Yes, in the absence of the yen suddenly going back into the lower 90s, we are pretty confident that our core rate will be moving up from 93. This has been I think known by investors in the market for quite a period of time. So with the yen currently at 108, we feel very good about the hedges we put in place.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys. First of all, just on the upgrade to the retail glass demand, the 10%, just curious how much of that is sort of backward looking in other words just that Q3 came in better than expected and how much of that is just sort of intentions to buy in your model for the holiday season. And then secondly, I was just curious around gross margins, seemed like you came in a little bit weaker than the 46% tag for the quarter, but you are still targeting 46% for this quarter, can you walk through some of the puts and takes with that Q3 and Q4? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: I don’t – on the gross margin I don’t think we came in weaker than our own expectations. So it may be weaker than what some analysts expected. On the 10%, it’s a combination of the robust demand we saw at retail and the World Cup didn’t seem to have a pull forward than a significant drop off. And second, it is related to the average size. I think we told you in our July call that we moved our average size up. Generally, we do this only twice a year and actually we have raised our average size again and that’s based on historical experience that we have seen at retail in quarter three. And we think looking forward, I haven’t – we hadn’t seen all the pricing for the holiday season yet, but it looks like the price on large televisions is going to be excellent for consumers and that plays into how we moved the average size up. So on the size it’s both historical as well as forward-looking based on price.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Great. And then maybe I will just reword my gross margin question, it came in a little bit below what I was thinking, but maybe quarter-over-quarter for getting back to 46%, can you – I know you mentioned broadly speaking that all businesses would – you would see better margins, but can you walk through where maybe the more dramatic improvements in margins would be or anything we should keep in mind about gross margins specifically for Q4? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: I think one thing is that we expect our price declines in Display in Q4 to be less than they were in Q3. And the second thing is synergies from a CPM deal to accelerate. So those two things will help Display. And then we are seeing excellent manufacturing performance in Environmental which coupled with the volume that we are seeing there is – I think it helps us quite a bit. Wendell, anything you would like to add to gross margin?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I think as we just step back and take a look at the quarter we just went through, you see a lot of what our roadmap has been, what we hope continues to be which is you are seeing revenue up, you are seeing margin percent up year-over-year, you are seeing very balanced growth with Display providing a significant look as well as at Environmental and our other businesses. Then we got a whole great set of new products that we are going to be rolling out here over the coming quarters. One, wireless is doing great, just put it Texas Aggie Stadium, so that’s going terrific. Gorilla Glass 4, you heard Jim talk about, gas particulate filters. In Environmental, we are going to have a new high-performance display glass in the coming quarter. And then really a new life science product that we believe we should be rolling out over the coming three to four quarters that has a dramatic ability to create a big business for us. And then cash flow is really strong and our balance sheet is a powerhouse. So if we can continue to follow this roadmap through the coming quarters, I think we are going to feel pretty good, Steve.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Great. That’s all very helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian White from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Yes. Jim, I am wondering when we think about Gorilla Glass volume, so you gave us Specialty Material sales, but Gorilla Glass volume, what kind have changed we see sequentially in the December quarter and also what are you seeing currently in the tablet market for Gorilla?
Jim Flaws: So Gorilla Glass volume will get down and that’s the primary reason why we are talking about Specialty Materials sales going down sequentially. Gorilla Glass volume was up sequentially Q3 versus Q2 which obviously drove Specialty Materials up. Relative to the tablet market, we are shipping glass for new product launches. And the key question in our mind is how well do they do at retail. Obviously, we are like everybody else, since we are not selling to the consumers directly, we rely on both our customers and trying to get retail data, but I can’t tell you that we are shipping increased amounts of tablet glass.
Wendell Weeks: And I can see how different people get to different numbers in their Gorilla models. The reason is that Gorilla, our share is quite high especially among branded. And that you have a pretty complicated supply chain and it doesn’t take much of a change one way or another to impact that sequential number. I think the key things to take away from Gorilla are that we are going to be up year-over-year. Our sequential is a little bit harder to call. We think it will be down some sequentially primarily because the highest R-Squared we have see has been around major new product launches and we don’t see any major new ones happening in quarter four, some small ones but not some major new ones and that’s what’s really behind our guidance if that makes any sense.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. So volumes will fall maybe somewhere in single-digits, obviously you gave us the sales guidance for the Specialty Materials, is that reasonable?
Jim Flaws: I think that the volume drop off is reasonably consistent with the Specialty Materials sales number in terms of a percent. It’s…
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. And then when we think about the margin profile of Gorilla Glass, do you feel like margins this year will expand versus 2013 and how do we – is this a margin expansion story in Gorilla or have we kind of hit a wall and we are backtracking?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I don’t think we have hit a wall. Brian, I mean I think where we are at is its Gorilla Glass margins are better than the corporate average which we have got a nice corporate average as you would note, so it already starts out good. I think where we need to see as we go forward will be just that interaction between the pricing and how does our cost structure look on GG4 and how well we do on utilization. So, I don’t think we have hit a wall. I think we have ability to improve, but we still need to get a few more pieces of the puzzle in place to be able to give a definitive answer to you.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Great. Thanks.
Ann Nicholson: Operator, we can have – take time for one more call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Yes, thank you. Jim, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how China Golden Week sales progressed relative to perhaps your expectations and what you think of the level of inventory of TVs across various regions or maybe you want to quantify it in terms of the glass inventory across the entire supply chain like you have done historically with the range of 14 to 20 weeks and I have a follow-up?
Jim Flaws: So the holiday sales were just a hair weaker than our expectations. We often have quite lower expectations than the industry. But we – two things that we were happy about is one, it looks to us like the size of televisions sold during that were higher than we expected. And very importantly, in fact we are just talking – when we are talking to our leader of the display business yesterday and they have completed their inventory checks post holiday period of time and feel that the inventory in China on television is just in very good shape. So, just a slight unit miss versus our expectation, size better and inventories look okay.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Okay. Could you quantify the level of glass inventory in weeks?
Jim Flaws: In China, I cannot. I do not have that level of detail, Wamsi.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Sorry. Overall, Jim.
Jim Flaws: Overall, we fell into the ‘16. For this quarter, we have just closed, now remember, that’s a forward-looking statement and it always drives off quarter four is a big retail quarter. So, even though absolute inventories and supply chain went up, the weeks drop because of the look of the big pull-through of the holidays. Our own estimate is we will finish quarter four with weeks in inventory just edging into the 17 level, which we think is very good for the supply chain and doesn’t signal any kind of problems.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Okay, great. And if I could ask one more, Jim, you said auto for Gorilla won’t be material in ‘15, but clearly you seem to be very excited about the long-term opportunity. Your CapEx guidance for 2015 does not look like it includes any new tanks. So, when do you anticipate to invest for new tanks to support sort of much higher growth in Gorilla? And conceptually, how should we think about the margin profile for auto-related Gorilla Glass? Do you think that would be very different from the current margin profile of Gorilla? Thank you.
Jim Flaws: So, we are not planning to build any tanks for Gorilla for auto for a period of time. You remember one of the great benefits of CPM acquisition is that we got idle tanks. And as one of our large customers in Korea continues to move to thin, we are going to generate more capacity. The margin profile will be different on this, because it will have extensive finishing and we haven’t decided how that finishing will be done, whether we do it or it’s done in conjunction with a partner, but you shouldn’t be looking at the gross margins to be the same on Gorilla in auto as what you have in consumer electronics. Nevertheless, we expect it to be a profitable product and we are not having to put assets in front of the mill.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think the right way to think, I will just echo one of Jim’s comments is the right way to think about Gorilla for us is that we are going to create the capacity through productivity to be able to service these markets both the ability to decrease thinness, to continue to improve that in display as well as improve it in Gorilla. And so the risk profile we are looking for is to take market development risk without taking capital risk, because we are creating that capacity basically for free. And that’s the profile that we are looking for and those are the shots on goal that we are looking for, if that makes sense to you.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Yes. Thank you, Wendell.
Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Well, this wraps up our call. I have just a couple of closing comments. We have a few IR announcements. First of all, we will be appearing at the UBS Conference on November 18 and then again at the Barclays Conference on December 9. And both of those are in the San Francisco area. I’d like to summarize the highlights of the call. We have achieved eight consecutive quarters of year-over-year EPS growth with nearly half of Q3’s improvement delivered by the non-display segments. Display has positive momentum. LCD glass price declines are moderating. The retail market is growing and there are good signs of a healthy industry. We think the integration to CPM is going very well. We look forward to achieving $90 million or more in synergies this year. And very importantly for us, both Optical Communications and Environmental are having strong sales here with improved profitability. And we think we are on track to deliver sales and earnings growth for the fourth quarter. And finally, as I have said in my prepared remarks and the press release, the Board will be accelerating their look on shareholder distributions in the fourth quarter. Ann?
Ann Nicholson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call is available beginning at 11:00 AM Eastern today and will run until 5:00 PM Eastern on Tuesday, November 11. To listen, dial 800-475-6701, the access code is 338301. The audio cast of course is available on our website during that time. Greg, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - VP, IR Jim Flaws - VC, CFO
Analysts: Rod Hall - JPMorgan Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amitabh Passi - UBS Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Mehdi Hosseini - FIG Joseph Wolf - Barclays Patrick Newton - Stifel Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup Steven Fox - Cross Research Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Andrew Abrams - JG Capital Alberto Moel - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by as today's conference assembled and welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Two 2014 Earnings Results. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to our host, Division Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Ann Nicholson. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tom and good morning. Welcome to Corning's second quarter conference call. With me today is Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's SEC report. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our Web site. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Flaws: Thanks Ann and good morning everyone. We are at the halfway mark for the year and as I think about where we have been and what lies ahead of us, I’ll note that we have accomplished a great deal already and we are poised to deliver a full year of strong earnings growth. I'm delighted with our core performance results and the momentum we have created entering the second half. We told you in February that we had four key items in our formula for success in 2014. They were number one, to continue the positive momentum in display technologies; number two to integrate Corning precision materials and execute on our synergy plan. Number three, the gross sales and profits of other segments and number four, to return cash to shareholders. Reflecting on these now, we are mostly on track and even where we are not, there are some improving trends. In Display, the end market retail is on track and we are seeing excellent volume in cost performance. We are recovering from the product issue that we had and most importantly pricing is moderating after the speed bump in Q1. Our CPM integration is going well and we think the synergies will come earlier than our plan that we shared with you last October. And in our other segments, we are seeing excellent growth in environmental optical communications actually stronger than our plan. Our only disappointment is the slower growth in the cover glass market and I will speak in more detail on this in our outlook. And finally, we are executing on the cash to shareholder goal through our repurchase program. So now, let's get to the second quarter results. In the second quarter, we had our seventh consecutive quarter of core earnings growth with earnings per share up 16% versus last year. Also in the quarter, we attained more moderate price declines for LCD glass in the upcoming third quarter, actually returning to the rates we had experienced for most of 2013. We also grew the company's core sales with optical communications environmental exceeding expectations and maintain strong control of operating expense and we continued repurchasing shares totaling approximately $200 million during the quarter. So let's delve into the second quarter details. As a remainder, we are providing core performance results in order to exclude non-performance related items and increase the transparency of our operating results. Our financial measures are non-GAAP and we continue to report our GAAP results. You can find detailed reconciliations on our Web site, outlining the differences between these non-GAAP measures and the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Second quarter sales were $2.6 billion up 28% versus last year a new record driven largely by the consolidation of CPM sales. Gross margin was 45%; it was up year-over-year and sequentially, but slightly lower than our original expectation of 46%. This was mainly due to lower Gorilla Glass sales versus our expectations. SG&A and R&D spending were higher year-over-year in absolute dollars driven primarily by the consolidation of CPM, but lower as a percentage of sales. Gross equity earnings of $58 million were down 66% year-over-year, but that's primarily driven by eliminating the equity earnings of SEP following the acquisition. Dow Corning equity earnings are up 17% year-over-year and we'll have some more detail on that in a minute. Our effective tax rate was 17% lower than quarter one driven by the mix of sales by country and their deferring effective tax rates. Earnings per share were $0.37 up $0.05 over a year ago and essentially in line with expectations. During the quarter, we completed the announced $1.25 billion accelerated stock repurchase and also bought approximately $200 million of shares on the open market. We have approximately $400 million remaining on our current program and expect to continue share repurchases in Q3. Now, let's look at the detailed segment results and I will begin with Display. Display sales were $1.1 billion in Q2, a 62% increase versus last year driven by the additional sales from our now consolidated operations in Korea, Corning Precision Materials. Q2 price declines were less than Q1 as we had expected. The LCD glass market was up in the high single digit sequentially exceeding our expectations for the quarter driven by better expected sales for the World Cup. Now, we believe this demand may have pulled in some television units from the back half of the year, so we have not made any changes to our TV unit sales forecast for the full year at this time. However, we are raising our TV screen size forecast. Our volume in the second quarter edged up into the low teens sequentially. Volume growth outpaced market growth as we recovered share at the one customer in Korea. We call our Q1 volume growth was softer than the market growth driven mainly by the technical issue with our product at one customer in Korea. We have significantly improved performance in Q2 and have begun to recover share at this account. Additionally share growth is expected at this account in Q3. We continue to expect our full year volume growth to be inline with market growth and our worldwide share remains stable year-over-year. Gross equity earnings from the equity venture in Korea, SCG were immaterial. Gross margins improved in display driven by the CPM consolidation. Net income was up 9% year-over-year reflecting the impact of the additional sales and earnings from CPM. We believe the supply chain inventory is healthy, Q2 we saw supply chain inventory increase by approximately 1 week sequentially as the industry begins the pipeline built for second half sales. On a forward looking basis weeks of inventory exiting Q2 of 2014 are at the same level as Q2 of 2013. Additionally, panel prices continue to be stable or increasing. The strong indicator that supply chain inventory is healthy. As we exit Q3, we would expect inventory decline to less than 17 weeks on a forward looking basis. In our optical communication segment, Q2 sales were $686 million up 14% versus last year and better than we had expected. Sales for fiber-to-home solutions were stronger than expected in North America and EMEA, all businesses and regions contributed year-over-year, the sequential growth with the exception of fiber sales in China. Net income was up 5% versus last year lower than sales growth primarily due to year-over-year price declines. In Environmental, Q2 sales were $285 million up 25% versus last year and better than expected. Total diesel sales were up 38% as new regulations in China and Europe as well as strong truck builds in North America drove strong heavy duty diesel sales. Light duty diesel in auto sales were up also versus last year. Net income in this segment was up 42%, strong volumes in auto and heavy duty diesel as well as manufacturing efficiencies led to record profits in environmental. In Specialty Materials, sales for the quarter were up 14% sequentially but lower than our expectations entering the quarter. We believe our Gorilla Glass sales reflect what happened in the smartphone and tablet markets in the first half of the year. In Q2, we see in evidence a disappointing sale-through which we believe contributed to our weaker sales into the supply chain. In addition, we had a change in our expected ramp up timing for some second half model launches. We expect to recover some of those sales in Q3 and I will provide more detail in our outlook section. Net income was up – Q2 was up 38% sequentially, but down year-over-year 17%. A lower year-over-year product sales price which had occurred in Q1 plus the non-repeat of our internal inventory replenishment from quarter two of 2013 impacted the segments profitability. Recalling the first half last year, we replenished the inventory that have been depleted in quarter four of 2012. While this year, our manufacturing volume is more closely aligned with the shipments in the quarter. In Life Sciences, Q2 sales met our expectations for the quarter, they were up slightly and profit was consistent with last year. Equity earnings for Dow Corning were $49 million including the earnings from Hemlock; earnings were up 17% versus Q2 of 2013. This improvement is partially driven by the tax rate in the inclusion of Hemlock this year. If we have had Hemlock in last year, the year over change in equity earnings would have been minor. Now, moving to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $5.9 billion in cash and short-term investments. We had a very strong operating cash flow in the quarter. Strong operating cash flow also resulted in strong free cash flow in the quarter of about $600 million. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure; you can find reconciliation to GAAP on our Web site. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.3 billion of cash in United States. Cash spending for the quarter was $232 million. We are revising our capital spending forecast down for 2014 from $1.5 billion to about $1.3 billion. The lower forecast is due to lower spending at both CPM and our (indiscernible). Turning to foreign exchange exposures, we have taken some additional actions. First, given our increased exposure to the Korean won with the SEP acquisition, we entered into a series of zero cost collars during the quarter to hedge against movements in the U.S. dollar to won exchange rate for 2014 and 2015. Now, report the won in a constant rate of 1100 in our core earnings, so investors can clearly see our operational results. These costs did not have a material impact to our GAAP results for the quarter. Second, during the second quarter of 2014, we entered into a series of additional hedges with no associated premium which will partially hedge the impact of the Japanese yen translation on a projected 2015, 2016 and 2017 net income. The blended rate of these new average rate forward contracts is 99 yen per U.S. dollar. We have not made any decisions yet in the quarter reporting rate for 2015 and beyond. We have some of 2015 hedged at 93 and now some at 99. To keep investors updated in our activities and thinking on foreign exchange as the year unfolds. Now, going to the outlook, I will start with Display. We have no changes to our expectations for LCD retail and glass markets for the year. To reiterate, we expect the retail market as measured in square feet of glass to be up mid to high single digits. We think LCD TV units will grow lower to mid single digits with area growth likely higher. Trend of consumers buying larger televisions has continued. We expect average screen size to increase 3% through 2015 driven primarily by increased affordability. Moreover, we believe screen size growth will be robust beyond 2015 driven by ultra high definition television penetration which favors large sized television. And in the current year, we raised our screen size forecast significantly in the above 30 inch group for televisions. As I said earlier, we continue to feel good about the glass market this year inventory levels appear healthy and glass supplies seems in line with demand. We expect the LCD glass market to be up low single digits in Q3 versus Q2. Corning's glass volume is expected to be up mid single digits driven by the continued share recovery at the one customer in Korea. Now, we expect LCD glass price declines in Q3 to further moderate and to be at the rates that we experienced for most of 2013. We are delighted by this return to the moderate levels. In the first quarter, we closed on the acquisition of SEP, now CPM and began integration activities. These activities are proceeding very well, realized about $15 million pretax and synergies during the second quarter and are track for $30 million in the third quarter and $90 million in synergies for the full year. As promised, we are also updating our synergy forecast for the out years. And now, believe we can attain the $170 million in synergies in 2016 which had been in 2017 and ultimately attain a $210 million run rate in 2017. And moving to optical communications, we expect Q3 sales to be up in the mid single digits versus Q3 of 2013 driven by continued strong sales of fiber-to-home and wireless. Given the strong start to the year especially in Q2 and our current outlook, we now expect full year sales to be up in the high single digits due to growth in fiber-to-home datacenters and wireless optical connectivity. Environmental, we expect Q3 sales to be up 20% to 25% year-over-year driven by the continued stronger heavy duty sales in the United States and due to new regulations in Europe and China. Now turning to Specialty Materials, we expect segment sales to be up about 10% versus the second quarter driven mainly by higher Gorilla Glass volume. We expect an increase in Gorilla Glass volumes driven by new model launches leading to sequential sales in gross margin growth. We are making some significant reductions to our forecast of the cover glass markets for the year. These changes are most significant in the tablet area and on touch notebooks. The touch notebook market is not developing at the pace we expected and our share remains similar to last year. The change to our outlook for tablets is having a largest impact on our forecast. Now, we estimate the overall media tablet market only growing approximately 8% to 10%, nowhere near the pace we had expected entering 2014. And this growth was occurring only in unbranded media tablets. We have not lost any share with branded media tablets, but because our share of unbranded tablets is lower, our overall share will slip slightly this year compared to last. We have not made any significant change to our smartphone forecast at this time, but the second half ramp of new models is important to us. Of course one remainder, smartphones are much smaller than tablets, so the square foot impact of phone is much smaller. And again, our share of forecast in phones remains similar to our original expectations. Overall, we now expect the cover glass market in volume to grow 14% at a supply chain consumption level we should be up 10%. We expect our shipment level volume to grow 20% year-over-year due to the impact of inventory correction last year. Overall, the 20% growth is down from our original expectations for the year and is a disappointment. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be up slightly from last year's third quarter. Continuing on with rest of our third quarter forecast, we expect third quarter equity earnings from Dow Corning to be approximately $40 million to $45 million, down slightly versus Q2 driven by the return to a normal tax rate. We expect core equity earnings for Dow Corning to be approximately $225 million for the full year driven by the single digit silicon sales growth improved margins in silicon and 20% sales growth at Hemlock. As a reminder, we expect customers to meet their polysilicon obligations in the contracts in Q4 which will drive equity earnings up over Q3. Our total equity earnings for Q3 are expected to be $45 million to $50 million. We expect gross margin to be 46% driven by display in Gorilla Glass. Display's gross margin improves versus last year due to the consolidation of CPM. SG&A and RD&E spending should be about 13% and 8% of sales respectively consistent with Q2. Now, finally for your modeling purposes, I would like to focus on three items to make sure you have our latest thinking. These three are other income and other expense, our tax rate and the number of shares outstanding. First, our other income, other expense line in the P&L as several moving parts. So I thought for your modeling purposes I'd run through this line item. Investor should recall that we no longer have the royalty income from SEP following its consolidation. The expenses in other income, other expense are very steady, main component is interest expense which runs approximately $30 million per quarter. Miscellaneous other items are also smaller and run approximately at $20 million quarterly expense. Unfortunately, interest income in our cash is pretty small with low interest rates and as a reminder we invest our cash very short-term. So for Q3, we expect other income, other expense to be a net expense of $45 million to $50 million. We occasionally get some positive area that we will mention for example intellectual property settlement. Second, our effective tax rate for 2014 overall is expected to be approximately 19% projected rate is higher than 2013 driven by the addition of CPMs income which is taxed at the Korean tax rate of 24%. Finally, I know our share count has confused some investors with the full impact of the Samsung-owned convertible preferred shares on our fully diluted share count. Please remember that Q2 saw the full impact of the security, Q1 did not have the full impact. Also please remember that our fully diluted earnings per share are done on an average basis for the quarter. Our quarter fully diluted share count for Q2 was 1.43 billion, our current forecast for the average fully diluted share count for Q3 is just under $1.42 billion obviously depending on the stock price in our Q3 purchasing activities and the number may vary slightly. That concludes my opening comments. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thanks Jim. Okay, Tom, we will now open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question today comes from the line of Rod Hall representing CIP Morning [JPMorgan]. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Also representing JPMorgan.
Jim Flaws: I’m glad you didn't change jobs?
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Yes. No. We haven't changed the firm name either. So I had two quick questions for you Jim. One, that I wondered, I mean it sounds like the Gorilla, the weaker Gorilla guidance really all comes down to tablet demand and not really smartphones, so I just wanted to make sure that I would like you to comment on – color on alternative materials that have been discussed for smartphones and whether there is any impact at all from that that you see in Q3 and beyond at least this year anyway. I also wanted, we were kind of surprised the display guidance was a little bit weaker, we thought that 4K demand probably would start to pick-up in the back end of the year, so I would be curious to hear your commentary around 4K demand and how you see that playing out this year, are you still as optimistic about it as maybe you were at the beginning of the year? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: So on Display, I'm disappointed that you're disappointed because Display is doing fine. Just a reminder, Q2 was stronger so it makes a sequential outlook as they are going into Q3. But, we think the Display market is behaving nicely and in line with our general expectations. Relative to the 4K televisions, we never expected very much of that this year, we just don't think the price points are at the level, we could be surprised obviously with the holiday season maybe some people lowering more than we are expecting. But, we really think 4K or ultrahigh def is really a 2015 and 2016 phenomenon. But we feel very good about the display market, the television market, World Cup was very good. So we feel overall very good about the market. On Gorilla, you are correct, I mean the – if you look at our expectations and our forecast by type of product, it is tablets that is the big change statement. We just got that really wrong about what was happening in the tablet market. And we have adjusted down our forecast for that dramatically compared to our original expectation that is overwhelming the impact in reduction of what we expected for growth for Gorilla this year. In terms of smartphones, I will comment on specific customers and materials, but we continue to believe that Gorilla is going to be the material of choice for branded smartphones and I remind you that we are launching Gorilla 4 late this year. And we already won models with that product.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Okay. And Jim, can I have one follow-up which is on the yen hedge, I wonder if you could – you are waiting for their commentary there, can you give us any – I'm not sure I caught what you are thinking we should therefore be modeling in terms of the hedge rate, I know that that continue to come up every quarter. And you kind of been differing on what the – what the average hedge rate ought to look like in 2015. But any further, can you just clarify your commentary around that and help us understand maybe – if you were us what you would be modeling there?
Jim Flaws: So for this year, I would – we are not going to change the rate 2014. What we have had you should continue model that. I think to help investors right now, I would model next year at the same rate and then mostly likely at the end of third quarter, we will give you the rate for next year. Our reported results next year will – we will restate 2014 to whatever the new rate is. Obviously, we are not hiding from investors the fact that the yen going forward is lower and we have given you the amount of money that net income is. But, I would continue to model at the 93 rate for the remainder of this year and to help investors so you can understand the volume growth and other things I would just use 93 right now for 2015. And then when we announce our Q3 results we are going to give you a rate for the next year.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks a lot, Jim.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Mark Sue representing RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Thank you. This is Amit calling on behalf of Mark Sue. How should we think about sort of the annual pricing contracts for LCD glass along with them, believe they are set to be renewed in 3Q any preliminary thoughts there would be helpful? And you are lowering your CapEx expectations for the year, just going forward how should we think about CapEx as a metric maybe a percentage of sales or something?
Jim Flaws: So on the ladder on CapEx, we don't think about it as percentage of sales because the company as a level of maintenance, which probably is around $800 million and then rest is for expansion and that can vary depending on the pace of projects. We haven't updated our outlook for 2015 on CapEx yet I will do that in the quarter three call. But, I would not expect that the fact we lowered this year it means that we are pushing projects to next year. Relative to the pricing contracts, the contracts remain in place; many of them have automatic renewals unless somebody chooses to exit and so we have contracts that go into next year already. And we think that they are continuing to do what we expect and we think our customers are quite pleased with it.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And good luck folks.
Jim Flaws: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Yes, thank you. Jim on Gorilla, could you just clarify in the press release you know that's one of the reasons for the weaker 2Q as lower than expected sales for plan new models. Is that impact also related primarily to tablets from a dollar basis or is there some smartphone also in there?
Jim Flaws: That's primarily smartphones on new models.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And then your gross margin of 45% was slightly below your expectations, can you reconcile that with the statement that the synergies are actually coming in earlier than planned. And then can you talk about what's driving the higher synergies in the outer years for CPM? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: So the gross margin impact versus our originally expectations was due to the shortfall in Gorilla sales, you may recall Gorilla glass itself not parts is the highest gross margin product the company has. So that's why we missed our expectation. Display is doing fine and gross margin improved quarter two over quarter one. I would say that the primary reason that the synergies are coming in faster is we are having an incredibly effective integration. The management of CPM has embraced working with our display team led by Jim Clappin. And we are delighted with the progress we have made. We are finding more opportunities. I think the biggest we are finding is we can move faster than we originally thought. So we are delighted with the pace of integration. And you always a little apprehensive when you do something of this size, but it's going terrific and I think our team both our CPM employees and our Display employees are doing a great job.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks Jim. And just one final clarification on the Gorilla, when you mentioned the short-fall related to smartphone, the new products, is the timing driven for you or is it sort of demand driven and is it broad based or fairly narrow in terms of customer scope? Thank you.
Jim Flaws: I won't comment on customer scope. We think its timing based. It's always been difficult for us when people have new models to know exactly when they are going to be pulling. The difficulty for us is because of the length of the supply chain. And so we generally know the models. And we have a forecast but exactly how the supply chain pulls, it's very difficult for us to forecast.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi, good morning everybody. Jim, I was wondering on the Display gross margin improvement from 1Q to 2Q. Can you give us some sense of the magnitude; was it a couple of hundred basis points or greater, lower?
Jim Flaws: I think I don't have every number memorized, but it was I think about 1.5 points.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then given the fact that you are seeing some recovery in Gorilla glass sales going to the calendar 3Q, should we expect company gross margin and to trend maybe closer back to the 46% you have expected in 2Q or any help in terms of thinking about GM?
Jim Flaws: Yes. That is our expectation 46%.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. Got it. And I guess, my final question for you is, just any help on the telecom strength, you cited fiber-to-the-home in North America and Europe, is this Tier-1, is it broader based across Tier-2, Tier-3 as well, any comment inside that would be appreciated.
Jim Flaws: It's very exciting for us. We are talking about yesterday that it's a very broad based. We are seeing good growth from our -- Tier-1 customers are very large customers. In fact even some who we thought had finished up more are continuing to buy. We unfortunately can't name all our customers here but it is very broad based. And I think it's really vindicating what we basically said a decade ago, which was fiber-to-the-home, it's going to be a very powerful force in the market and the fact that it's so broad based, we are very excited by that. And just one last comment on that. We actually saw a little bit of an uptick in the NBN project which has been undergone some changes with change of government down there. But, there was good demand on that in the most recent quarter.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. Thank you. I will step back in queue.
Operator: We have a question from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thank you. I just had a couple of my follow ups on Gorilla glass. Just the first one, whether the – it sounded like you expected some delay on Gorilla 4, and I just wanted to understand if that was impacting your out quarter guidance. And also that will still coming out in time to capture some of the major products that you are expecting to be in the second half?
Jim Flaws: Yes. Our new version of Gorilla is not being delayed. We are in production we are already shipping some product in Q3. We have one model. So there is no delay relative to that.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then it sounded like you did not change your expectations for smartphone cover glass demand for the market as a whole for this year but you seem to be embedding some slowdown in product sales for the second half within the smartphone category. So is that a function of what you expect for your own products into some of your customers or for some of your customer sales?
Jim Flaws: So we believe that it has a little bit – smartphones had a little bit of an impact on our sales in – our sales in Q2 because some customer sales were not as strong as what they had originally expected. But overall, we are not changing the market for the year for smartphones.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: And then just lastly you mentioned your expectations for higher TV sizes now than previously, can you just quantify that?
Jim Flaws: Sim, I think you have seen me carry around the special chart that I have that I do for just myself on greater than 30 inches television than versus where we came into the year. We moved up, just a little less than about half an inch on that one. So which delighted me because I think that's the most important metric. I'm actually quite surprised with smaller cell televisions for the first time we were negative. They grew this past quarter. But, as you know the most important one for me is the average about 30.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Mehdi Hosseini with FIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG: Thank you. Jim, sorry to going back to Gorilla, but just have a clarification. Do we have a sense of what Chinese handset OEMs are using for cover glass; do you think that your market share there is comparable to other regions?
Jim Flaws: We do have numbers there on market share is less but our market share is improving there first now of luminous silica glass which is what we call family of Gorilla glasses or specialty glasses is moving up as a percentage of overall phones there in our share of luminous silica improved also.
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG: Okay. So it is really documented that the big Korean OEM didn't lose market share in Q2, their results were disappointing and that to large extent explains what happened to your Gorilla sales in Q2. Is that a fair assessment like Korea OEM versus Chinese OEMs?
Jim Flaws: I will not comment on any specific customers.
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG: Okay. And then moving on to the operating margin, if you could just remind me again, did you say that Gorilla revenue will be up 20% in calendar 2014, or did I misunderstand you?
Jim Flaws: Gorilla volume is up 20% more.
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG: 20%. Okay. So if your operating margin was 17% for specialty material in 2013, how should we think about a margin expansion here with volume up 12%?
Jim Flaws: We have priced down significantly which we talked about in Q1. So you are not going to see the operating margin expansion.
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG: Okay. So even with volume up 20% margins you suggest margins is going to be just flattish?
Jim Flaws: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Thanks. Just -- first question is an elaboration on the last one, if you think about the lower end then you talked about your strategies there and telling us a little bit more about that. Have you increased or sped up the timetable for addressing some of that lower end of the cover glass market given the market dynamics. And with that involved any new kinds of spending?
Jim Flaws: We really haven't made a final decision about something we talked earlier in the year about whether we should have a different version of strength in glass to go after the low end of the market in China. We still are evaluating that. We are spending quite a bit on new cover glass materials. But I don't think that would materially change our operating expense, which we chose to pursue that.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Okay. And then just on the cash side, you brought down the CapEx and said probably we won't get added to next year, could you talk about areas of focus things that you have pulled back and where the reduction in your CapEx forecast comes from. And then if you circle back to the cash buyback, can we look for an increase in that $400 million as you move to the second half of the year given the strength of the free cash flow?
Jim Flaws: So the reduction in CapEx occurred because we after going through all the plans at CPM, we determine that some other projects did not need to proceed. And then the other area was in what we call – our [TAS] (ph) capital where projects – we are going to spend a little bit less on that. Relative to shareholder purchases there is no change in the shareholder purchase on our existing program as I said we have approximately $400 million. And our plan is to spend that money this year and anything beyond that would take the Board of Directors putting together new program and historically the way to we finish the program before they start a new one.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Okay. Great. Thanks Jim.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Thank you for taking my questions. Good morning, Jim. Two different questions, one on pricing, I guess one on optical communications. On the pricing side, you talked about panel pricing trends in the quarter remaining relatively healthy. I'm curious as your thoughts on whether the tie capacity trends are somewhat sustainable in the intermediate term or whether you think it's due to perhaps some temporary drivers in the quarter which should be the World Cup strength that you alluded to or maybe some benefits from the IP refresh due to the end of life of Windows XP?
Jim Flaws: So what our display commercial team believes and what they are hearing from customers that the type and this is going to continue into the fourth quarter, I'm noting some of the panel makers who have been announcing in the last couple of days making similar comments. So we have to take that as a word that they are continuing to run at a strong level and they are giving us indications they are going to do that into the fourth quarter. We think that IT thing has been a pleasant surprise basically all year along we think it's more than just the Windows thing. We know that corporations have extended, they refreshed cycles but that can't go on forever. And some of our IT customer contacts actually flag this to us earlier back in the spring that they thought – that the IT portion of the market was going to be stronger and actually tight. So we feel generally overall quite good about the panel utilization the tightness that leading to firm panel prices and that continuing.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: And any concern that this tight utilization could led to some capacity builds?
Jim Flaws: I won't comment on our customers building panel fabs, as you know there are number under construction in China. But, suddenly someone making a sudden decision to build a panel fab is not – you are talking about that showing up in a year and a half later. So I would tap out to be the case. I think there is no real plans of expansion in China, frankly that's the only place there is any panel expansion really at this point in time.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: All right, thank you. And then just shifting gears to communications, can you help us understand the contribution that you are seeing from datacenters or your visibility in the datacenter builds or upgrades. And then you mentioned NBN kicking in a little bit in the current quarter. Could you remind us where you stand on the project as far as the duration remaining and the percentage of completion from a Corning perspective?
Jim Flaws: The duration still is quite long. But they are still evaluating whether they are going to take the pure fiber-to-the-home technology all the way that they originally planned. I mean we have had some favorable comments that maybe that they will do better than more than what they had said last October. But, I don't have any percentage of completion. I don't have the data center numbers with me. That's been good this year, but I don't have any specific numbers but I know enterprise was up in, I think about 10% in quarter two.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: All right, thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Hey, guys. Good morning, thank you. Appreciate Jim. Couple of questions, just on enterprising and LCD and Gorilla for a second. In calculation the low teens volume growth is it right to assume that pricing in LCD was down around 6% to 7%?
Jim Flaws: That is too high.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. So low teens is barely, barely, barely low teens.
Jim Flaws: That's too much.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. I just wonder…
Jim Flaws: That said hedged into.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Right. I heard that but just want to make sure it wasn't hedge – but that makes a lot more sense. And then your expectations for Q4 given that you managed to get your pricing contracts for Q3 back in the moderate range of 2013. Should we essentially be expecting that to continue into Q4, or there are reasons you would not be comfortable taking that far ahead?
Jim Flaws: I'm thinking that far ahead and we think all of those things that are going on in the industry would lead us to have the confidence that we will be able to have another moderate quarter in Q4.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. That's helpful. Going back to previous question on Gorilla and your comments of delays in variability and some product launches, were you implying or talking about launches in Q2 they are not getting pushed out into second half, some customers are you talking about launch that you expected for Q3, they are getting pushed out later in Q3 or into Q4?
Jim Flaws: I was talking about launches in the second half of the year that we – because of the length of supply chain. We some time knew we would be getting all in product shipping in the May, June timeframe and that has been was less then what we had expected against our forecast in the month of July which are obviously almost finished. We are seeing pull on that front.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. And with LCD inventory weeks, I believe you said around 17 weeks right now, can you give us a sense as to what Gorilla inventory weeks look like in the channel from your shipment on through?
Jim Flaws: Like I said, LCD was at 18 weeks.
Ehud Gelblum – Citigroup: Okay.
Jim Flaws: In Q2 and I don't have any information on Gorilla in the supply chain. It is very difficult to get information on the number of weeks.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Do you think it's contracting or is it staying roughly where it is, I assume that's higher than 18?
Jim Flaws: I just said I don't have information on the supply chain for Gorilla, so I can't give you the number of weeks.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. I appreciate that. Last thing, I want to just explore a little bit was Hemlock, it sound obviously back in the equity earnings as of Q1. From the guidance it looks like you expected it to be relatively flat and then up in Q4. Can you give us just a little overview on the trends going on there, how should we be modeling that going forward?
Jim Flaws: We actually disclosed in our Q1, the Hemlock numbers were last year, so on quarter two last year we made some money, so but in quarter three we didn't make any money last year in Hemlock. So it's very uneven – unevenness comes about by how the customers who are on the contracts pull their product. But in general our experience last year was Q4 is very strong because that's – it must meet their contractual demand, they can delay for a couple of quarters. But they have to take it. I mean overall, I think we see very positive trends right now in probably silicon market spot prices have moved up quite a bit from where we were. But downside would be that we just had announcement on Friday by the U.S. Government about more anti-damping regulations, so we don't know how that will impact the growth of the market. But fundamentally, we are not really shipping into China today so it doesn't really affect Hemlock very much.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Thanks. Good morning. First question, just going back on the CPM synergies, so Jim if you are pulling forward some of this synergy expected in 2017 and 2016 and we look at the $90 million for the full year this year. Is it a straight line in terms of how we should think about synergies for 2015 more back end loaded and any color you can provide there would be helpful? Then I have a follow-up.
Jim Flaws: I don't have the synergies handy broken quarter-by-quarter, so I doubt that there is a lot of variabilities that goes through. But, I just don't have that level of precision.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Okay. And then just secondly, just getting back to the – unbranded cover market – cover glass market, given the growth opportunity there, I don't know if there is any more color you can provide in terms of where you are actually getting some of the growth from. And I know you addressed some of this in some earlier comments. But, just trying to understand anything you could do to maybe accelerate your penetration, if not by the end of this year, but into 2015 and what that opportunity looks like? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: I'm not sure what you mean by unbranded Steve, could you help me with it?
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Yes, I'm sorry. On that unbranded tablet market where you are selling cover glass, right now, you mentioned that the only growth you are seeing from tablets right now is unbranded OEM?
Jim Flaws: We have shared. We do quite well with that. It's just that we don't have the same shares what we have in some branded ones that you are very familiar with in the United States. And we are always trying to demonstrate that our Gorilla products, our better quality product and provide damage resistance. So I think that's really our approach. And combined with marketing which we do small amount of and tend to continue to do that. We shifted more of our marketing spend to Asia going forward. So I think those are the things we could do.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from the line of Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Yes. I'm wondering, if you could talk a little bit about pricing for Gorilla glass. So given the slowdown, what has happened to pricing in the quarter and as you look forward into the September quarter?
Jim Flaws: So the sequential price declines Q2 to Q1 were almost immaterial I would say and we have the big step down that we talked about in Q1 but really nothing of any significance in Q2 maybe I think we have a minor amount in Q3 in one of our contracts. I think the next big change statement would likely be because most of these contracts are annual will be Q1 of next year. And frankly it's a little earlier for me to know what that would be. But, I don't think you expect price to be a big play for the remainder of this year.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. And Jim in the December quarter, we should expect the Gorilla glass to grow sequentially given some of these delays, we should see a little bit of growth in the December quarter or not?
Jim Flaws: It's really hard for me to judge right now. I think it would be – my general feeling is that it might be flattish volume Q3 versus Q4 a lot will depend on the fall of these models. But, the big step up from where we have been running of course in Q3 in terms of volume.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. And just finally, if you could just give us a general direction how important the tablet market is to Gorilla. I mean is it 20%, 30% some ballpark range would be great.
Jim Flaws: So the tablet market is about 40% of our demand.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Great. Thank you.
Jim Flaws: We obviously expected it to be more in that originally in the year.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay, fantastic. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Abrams with JG Capital. Please go ahead.
Andrew Abrams - JG Capital: Hi. Just a quick question on the TV market, you mentioned about some pull-in from the World Cup, would you expect that to have a material impact on what you would have expected for third quarter in terms of TV demand or is it insignificant enough not to make a difference?
Jim Flaws: I think it falls into the insignificance. We were just delighted by – some times we get people overly focused on sporting events but for example in Europe in the month of May televisions were up 13% whereas four months prior to that up or down in the single digits. And in South America in the month of April up 25%, 64% in the month of May but really it's not going to change our numbers overall.
Andrew Abrams - JG Capital: Got it. Okay. And lastly just one, your plans for the assets from SEP, I know you are doing some conversions in Korea toward Gorilla glass based on your outlook for Gorilla glass on a general basis, are those plans going to change or is that more locational than volume wise?
Jim Flaws: Well, obviously, we don't have need as much Gorilla right now. But our plans still remains as plants in Japan reached the end of their life on Gorilla. They will go down permanently and then we will shift that demand over to Korea. Pace maybe slightly slower but I know that we have a couple of tanks that were throwing the light on Gorilla at the end of the quarter three heading into quarter four.
Andrew Abrams - JG Capital: Got it. Thanks very much.
Ann Nicholson: Tom, we got time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today will come from the line of Alberto Moel with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alberto Moel - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Good morning, Jim. Just a question on the downstream Gorilla business as you sell blanks to the customers and then they finish them, but I understand that there is some work that you have been doing in downstream. You bought laser company for laser cutting, and so and forth if you have some update on where that fitting and where that business is heading, curious to know if you have any color on that. Thanks.
Jim Flaws: On the downstream business, the parts the business has quite a bit of variability to it quarter-by-quarter, so I don't have much of an update. The laser business is going quite well. I think shipments will be quite strong in quarter three. I don't have the list of the customers. So I can't really help you on that. But, parts business varies up and down in the quarter. But, in the mainstream for us in Gorilla is selling glass.
Alberto Moel - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Jim Flaws: Okay. So we will wrap up. I have got one IR announcement. We will be appearing at the Citi Conference on September 3rd in New York City. I will just remind you a couple of highlights. Our most recent quarter was our seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year earnings growth. We are absolutely delighted by the LCD glass price declines. In the third quarter they moderated further and I think very important to us is we are back to the rates that we saw for most of 2013. The integration of Corning Precision materials is going very well, delivering results and will be better than original plan trying to achieve that $90 million synergies this year part of our additional $350 million impact for the year. I think optical communications environmental segments are having fabulous years particularly environmental we are delighted by that. And we think we are on track to deliver sales and earnings growth in every business for the full year. Feel really good about our first half results and are confident that we can deliver on the plan. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. And thank you all for joining us today. Playback of this call is available beginning at 11 AM Eastern today and will run until 5 PM Eastern Tuesday August 12th. To listen, dial 800-475-6701, the access code is 330195. The audio cast of course is available on our Web site during that time as well. Operator that concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, it does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - VP, IR Jim Flaws - VC and CFO Wendell Weeks - Chairman and CEO
Analyst:  Mehdi Hosseini - FIG Amitabh Passi - UBS Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus George Nader - Jefferies Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup Brian White - Cantor Steven Fox - Cross Research Rod Hall - JPMorgan  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter One 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time it’s my pleasure to turn the conference over to our host, Division Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Ann Nicholson. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Tom. And good morning. Welcome to Corning's first quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's 2013 10-K report. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation can be found on our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Flaws: Thanks, Ann. Good morning everyone. I’d like to begin today by looking back at what we said at our Annual Investor Meeting in February, regarding our plan for 2014. We said we wanted to continue the positive momentum in display, work to quickly integrate CPM in Korea in order to realize synergies, gain further cost advantages and increase our flexibility of glass supply. We want to grow sales and profits and optical communication, especially environmental life sciences driven by the growth in their end markets and their operational improvements.  And finally, we wanted to executive $2.5 billion of share repurchases. I am very pleased to say we’re off to a great start in delivering this plan. In the first quarter, we closed on a CPM acquisition and launched integration activities. There are some combinations with improved manufacturing efficiencies resulted in improved gross margin performance and the realization of synergies in display. We executed customer negotiations for lower priced declines on LCD glass for the second quarter. We grew the company's core sales with optical communications and environmental exceeding expectations.  We continued our strong control of operational expenses. We grew our core NPAT and EPS by 7% year-over-year, and we executed $1.25 billion accelerated repurchase program and also repurchased shares in the open market to retire a total of nearly 99 million shares during the first quarter. In summary, we had broad based contributions to our first quarter performance and we look forward to gaining momentum as the synergies from CPM bill and as acrylic grows, allowing us to get greater year-over-year gains. Now let's delve in to the first quarter details. As a remainder, we’re providing core performance results in order to exclude non-performance related items and increase the transparency of our operating results. Core financial measures are non-GAAP financial measures and we continue to report our GAAP results. You’ll find detailed reconciliations on our website, outlining the differences between these non-GAAP measures and the most directly comparable GAAP measure. First quarter sales were $2.4 billion up 32% versus last year increase driven largely by the consolidation of CPM sales. Gross margin was 44% up year-over-year and sequentially, but slightly lower than our original expectation of almost 45%, this was due mainly to lower sequential volume growth of LCD glass versus our expectations. LCD glass volume was down mid-single digits sequentially, more than our original forecast due to a technical issue at one customer. We’ll have more on that in a minute. SG&A and R&D spending were higher year-over-year in absolute dollars driven by the consolidation of CPM, but lower as a percentage of sales. Gross equity earnings of 61 million were down 66% year-over-year driven by no longer having the equity earnings from a CP after completing the acquisition. Dow Corning equity earnings were up 40% year-over-year and I’ll walk through that in more detail shortly. Our effective tax rate was 20% which is now what we expect our rate to be for the full year. EPS was $0.31 up $0.02 over a year ago and $0.01 better than $0.02. During the quarter, we completed our 2 billion share repurchase program than we had announced in April 2013 and started repurchasing under a new 2 billion share repurchase program associated with the CPM acquisition. As part of the new repurchase program we launched 1.25 billion accelerated stock repurchase program. Since the announcement of the SEP transaction we repurchased enough shares to offset the impact on fully diluted EPS of the shares embedded in the convertible preferred stock issued to Samsung.  Now let’s look at the detailed segments results and I’ll begin with display. Display sales were $1 billion in quarter one, a 55% increase versus last year driven by the additional sales from an now consolidated operations in Korea, Corning Precision Materials. Q1 price declines were higher than Q4 as we had expected, driven by a specific situation that we described in our January earnings call.  Sequentially volume was down mid-single-digits a little softer than we had expected driven mainly by a technical issue at one customer in Korea. Our volume growth was lower in the quarter than the overall LCD glass market due to this issue, but we expect to reverse in Q2 as glass volumes returns to previous levels at this customer. For the full year we expect our volume growth to be in line with the worldwide market growth and as we expect our worldwide share will remain stable, compared to last year on a full year basis.  Gross equity earnings from our equity venture in Korea SCJ were immaterial. Gross margins improved in display driven by the CPM consolidation. Net income was down 4% year-over-year reflecting the impact of a larger price declines and the delayed volume due to the technical issue at a Korean customer. On the supply chain front, we estimate the inventory into the quarter of approximately 17 weeks, and is spread fairly evenly along the supply chain. This is in a range we consider healthy and reasonable and I’ll talk more about the industry in our outlook section shortly. Now turning to optical communications, Q1 sales were 593 million, up 26% versus last year and better than we expected. Sales for carrier networks were stronger than expected in North America and EMEA. Sales of fiber-to-the-home and data center products were very strong in North America. All businesses and regions contributed to the year-over-year growth with the exception of fiber sales in China. Net income was up 11%, a little lower than sales growth due to pricing mix and lower fiber production levels this quarter versus the quarter one of 2013. The environmental Q1 sales were $275 million up 21% versus last year and better than we had expected. New regulations in China and Europe as well as a pickup in U.S. order show strong heavy duty diesel sales. Light duty diesel and auto sales were also up versus last year. Net income was up 59% on the higher volumes, our focus on manufacturing in past over the last few years allowed us to convert the sales volume into strong incremental profits. We are delighted with the strong financial performance in environmental.  Special material sales for the quarter were up slightly year-over-year as expected while Gorilla Glass volume grew high single-digits year-over-year, we experienced larger than usual price declines in Q1, the order renew key annual supply agreements, maintaining our market position. Pricing is expected to return a moderate declines in Q2. Net income in Q1 was down year-over-year by 18% driven by the year-over-year Gorilla Glass price declines and the lower production levels this year compared to quarter one of 2013. Recall on quarter one last year we were manufacturing in a high level to replenish inventory after the huge Q4 2012 sales.  In life sciences, Q1 sales were up slightly year-over-year, net income was down 13% due to non-repeated favorable one-time items that occurred in Q1 of 2013.  Now turning to Dow Corning, our core performance measures now include Hemlock Semiconductor operating results. We had excluded the operating results Hemlock Semiconductor in 2013 to remove potential impact of severe unpredictability and instability in the polysilicon market. We’ve seen stabilization of the polysilicon market and very positive behavior by Hemlock’s customers with respect to the long-term contracts. These facts combined with the rulings on trade disputes have led us to include Hemlock operating results and core equity earnings for 2014. Hemlock equity earnings were positive in Q1, Hemlock's customers are purchasing further contractual obligations, drove increased sales and profits in both Q4 of last year and Q1. Now we do expect lumpy quarters this year due to likely timing of these customers taking their volume commitments more towards the end of the year and I’ll walk through this in more detail in the outlook. Gross equity earnings from the silicon segment were down slightly in Q1 versus last year. Sales and gross margin improved year-over-year, earnings there were impacted negatively by the net impact of one-time items and unfavorable exchange items. Now moving to the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with 5.6 billion in cash and short term investments. We had strong operating cash flow in the quarter. Receipt of Corning share of the existing cash on CPMs balance sheet of approximately $1.5 billion drove this. Strong operating cash flow also resulted in strong free cash flow for the quarter of 1.5 billion. As a reminder free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure, and the reconciliation of GAAP can be found on our web site. We ended the quarter with approximately 1.4 billion of cash in United States, capital spending for the quarter was 246 and we are on track to reach 1.5 billion for the full year. So now that we've entered 2014 and with the Japanese yen spending most of the quarter in the range of 101 to 103 compared to the U.S. dollar. Investors have been asking about our strategy for hedging the yen exposure in 2015 and beyond especially with the risk that the yen could weaken significantly in the future.  Now as a reminder, we had hedged all our expected translations exposure for 2013 and 2014 back in February of last year. Those hedges only covered the 50% of SEP that we owned at that time. We added hedges for a portion of 2015 in later last year. So we’re approaching the end translation risk with two strategies; number one, we have a plan to execute hedges during any period of unit strengthening. It's always tempting to say that events will not bringing in below 100 it’s very possible the situation could occur in the world and we will be ready to add to hedges to match any residual underlying exposure if we see such an opportunity.  Our second strategy, we recognize there is some that the yen weakens further from the current trading range of 101 to 103. And we’ve taken action to protect Corning from that potential adverse translation in fact. During the first quarter we entered into a series of additional average rate forwards at approximately JPY99 which will partially hedge the impact of the Japanese yen translation on our projected 2015, 2016 and 2017 net income. These forwards have no premium. You will find additional details on this on our Form 10-Q filing which should be filed at the end of the day today. We have not yet made any decisions on the core reporting rate for 2015 and beyond. We have some of 2015 hedged at 93 and some at 99. We’ll keep investors updated on our activities and thinking as the year unfolds. Obviously we’d love an event that caused the yen strengthening even if short lived as we would step into hedge.  And I’ll turn to our outlook and I’ll start with display. We have no change in store expectations for the overall LCD retail and glass markets for the year. To reiterate, we expect that retail market as measured in square feet of glass to be up in the mid to high single digits. We think LCD TV units will grow low to mid-single digits but area growth will likely be higher. We believe the trend of consumers buying larger televisions will continue.  Many investors ask us about our expectations for ultra high definition televisions and it was 4K. While we still expect ultra high definition televisions to be a high-end category in 2014 and beyond, we believe ultra high def has the opportunity to be a major driver of the area of demand in the near future. We expect about 10 million sets to be shift in 2014 up from 1.5 in 2013. And all these ultra high def sets have a higher average screen size. Now we expect to monitor desktop and notebook portions of the IT market to be flat, however we do expect very strong growth in tablets this year. We continue to feel good about the glass market, inventory levels which are healthy and glass supply seems aligned with demand.  As I mentioned earlier, we did have a technical customer issue in the first quarter that led to some lower volume. But we expect to return to previous share levels of this customer in Q2 and also to offset the Q1 volume loss of this customer in the second half. So for the full year, we still expect stable share compared to last year. We see the Q2 LCD glass market up mid-single digit sequentially reflecting normal seasonality. We expect our glass volume to be up high single digit sequentially, slightly higher than the market driven by the share recovery of the customer in Korea. We expect LCD glass price declines in Q2 to be significantly less than Q1. Recall from our January earnings call, we believe that a higher Q1 decline was driven by specific situation that would not be repeating in Q2.  While the Q2 price declines are not quite as moderate as in most of the quarters of 2013, they are a significant step in the right direction. We expect further price decline moderation in the back half of 2014. We are off to a strong start on the integration of CPM and we expect additional synergies from CPM in Q2 driven by the relocation of production from Japan to these lower cost assets and other integration activities. Consolidated earning synergies and additional LCD glass volume are expected to drive higher profitability for Corning. Now moving to optical communications, we expect Q2 sales to be up mid to high single digits versus Q2 of 2013. We expect strong growth in carrier networks and enterprise networks led again by the sales of fiber-to-the-home and datacenter products as well as strong sales of our wireless products. These to be partially offset by lower churn of fiber sales.  Contributing slightly, revenue growth is also the consolidation of an equity affiliate and an acquisition in Brazil that occurred in mid Q2 of 2013.  Environmental, we expect Q2 sales to be up in the low to mid-teens year over year driven by continued stronger heavy duty diesel sales for the new regulations in Europe and China. I’d like to pause here after giving optical communications environmental guidance. We think each of these two segments is poised for a very strong year.  In optical communications the market continues to move towards optical products, our strength. We’re seeing strong fiber demand earlier than we expected, we’re confident we can deliver on the 2x times the industry capital spending rate as our [indiscernible] discussed at our IR day.  In environmental, we made significant improvements to our cost and capability position over the last three years. With the improved sales outlook and heavy duty diesel and continued strong car demand worldwide, we think environmental could have a very strong year.  Now turning to specialty materials, we expect sales to be up 20-25% versus the first quarter driven mainly by higher Gorilla Glass volume of the seasonally slow start to the year. The supply chain’s preparation for upcoming new product launches will be driving the volume growth of Gorilla Glass.  I want to take a moment to discuss Gorilla volume relative to the end market and supply chain. We’ve been working hard to improve our models at the Gorilla market. It is not as strong as our understanding of LCD, but it has improved.  First at the level of shipments of devices into retail, we expect covered glass growth as measured in square feet to be up approximately 14%. We expect to grow Gorilla at a higher rate at this level.  Second, at the level of Gorilla Glass going into finishers, we expect to see consumption volumes by 24% this year. Corning shipments of Gorilla will exceed this level because of the inventory work off last year.  In life sciences, we expect sales to be consistent with last year’s second quarter. We expect Dow Corning core equity earnings to grow 20-30%, 2014 driven by single digit silicone sales growth and improved margins in silicones and the addition of earnings from Hemlock. Hemlock sales are expected to grow 20% over 2015.  We expect Q2 equity earnings from Dow Corning to be approximately $40 million. This is down Q1 driven by the lower sequential sales of polysilicon, we don’t polysilicon sales to pick up until Q4 and customers to fill their annual contractual obligations.  Now continuing with the rest of our Q2 forecast, we expect gross margin to be 46% driven by display. Display’s gross margins improved versus last year due to the volume and consolidation of CPM. SG&A and R&D spending should be lower year over year as a percentage of sales. Our effective tax rate for 2014 is now expected to be approximately 20%. The projected rate is higher than 2013 driven by the addition of CMP’s income which is taxed at the Korean tax rate of 24%.  That concludes my opening comments, Ann. 
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. We’ll now open the lines for questions, Tom?
Operator: Thank you, (Operator Instructions) our first question today comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with FIG, please go ahead. 
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG: Yes, thanks for taking my question, going back to your commentary about the retail and the inventories, can you provide more qualitative or quantitative assessment where glass inventories are in Q1 compared to Q4 and how do you see the inventory changing in Q2, and I have a follow up. 
Jim Flaws: So the inventories versus the end of Q4 are about the same, at the panel makers, set makers also about the same and down at retail which is what we would normally expect. Relative to Q2 we expect overall inventory in supply chain to build slightly and that’s normally what happens because Q2 is actually the lowest quarter of glass used at retail. But that normally happens is we see a slight uptick in Q2. What’s your follow up? 
Mehdi Hosseini - FIG : And the follow up has to do with, you talked about the hedging of strategy in longer term how you’re dealing with it. What about the cash offshore, is there any update there?
Jim Flaws:  So our US cash which I talked about is 1.4 billion, we have some cash strategies to bring more back to the United States, which we believe it will happen now later on this year. But we haven’t detailed the exact amount yet. 
Operator:  Next question today, comes from the line of Amitabh Passi representing UBS, please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS:  Hi, thank you. Jim, my first question for you is, I think there is a little bit of a confusion and some of us trying to back into what the LCD ASV declines were and I was wondering if you can give us a pro forma sales figure for last year relative to the 1.0 turn on billing you reported this year.
Jim Flaws:  No, we’re not giving out pro forma for that number. 
Amitabh Passi - UBS:  You’re not. Okay, are you able to give us some sense, I think the expectations maybe about 6% ASP decline sequentially. Are you able to give us any sense of whether it came in slightly higher.
Jim Flaws:  It was slightly higher than that level.
Amitabh Passi - UBS:  And then just a quick follow up, on the telecom segment, can you provide any clarity or greater insight in terms of the source of strength, I mean significantly above I think what many were forecasting and you cited strength in North America. Any incremental color would be helpful.
Jim Flaws:  You know I’d love to, but I’ll let Wen take that one.
Wendell Weeks:  Jim as you note, we were up 26% versus last year, what’s behind that is a strong demand for fiber-to-the-home solutions in North America and EMEA and by continued strong growth in our data center products of course supporting data center builds. Those are the primary drivers. 
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Is the fiber-to-the-home from your Tier 1 customers, is it broader based in North America?
Wendell Weeks: All our customers are Tier 1 customers. Yes, we’re positively surprised by both the breadth and depth of fiber-to-the-home demand. It’s nice because Australia has been through some pits and starts and now we’re seeing activity really across the base with major players committing more and more to fiber-to-the-home.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Mark Sue representing RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets:  Jim, the issue with the one Korean customer, I just the thought is that they'll return pretty quickly and you have to also recover the amount that they didn’t purchase. Maybe if you could give us some additional color there?  And then maybe on Gorilla your outlook is pointing to a reacceleration aided by some inventory fill this year. Yet if I look at the near-term growth rate, it's kind of slow to the high single-digits. Is there some accelerated pricing that should linger? And just conceptually, how are we now thinking about pricing of Gorilla, is it similar to market share? Is it by customer base? How should we think of the frame work for pricing for Gorilla Glass this year?
Jim Flaws:  I’ll let Wendell talk about the technical problem of Korean customer and then I’ll take the other one.
Wendell Weeks: So we had a specific technical issue, one customer began to shift its manufacturing process and it led to an interaction with our product that has led to this delayed volume. We’re addressing the issue, we’re already experiencing increased demand in Q2, we still have some more progress to make, but we’re on it. And we’re making that progress and we feel pretty good, we’ll get this going.
Jim Flaws: Also relative to Gorilla, as the business has matured we have experienced more price declines than we did in the first few years. But the ones, and a few one related to ringing up our annual agreements, we don’t expect that to carry over as you indicated in your question. More importantly for us we expect to see a significant volume increase in Q2, that will be both sequentially and year-over-year. Year-over-year we’re beginning to get a benefit and now having to compare it to last year when we were not shipping as much because the supply chain was working off of inventory. Sequentially we get the benefit of both seasonality in Q2, one has always been the lowest for Gorilla, but also, as our customers prepare for new model launches. In this business new model launches have always driven some of the lumpiness, depending on the timing when customers do that. But we’re expecting to see a very good Gorilla growth in Q2 and actually in Q3 and Q4.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets:  And just on the Gorilla application in terms of what might be better as we look into 2014 and ‘15. Would it be the touch notebooks, would it be the tablets or how would you kind of rank order relative to year ago where you’ve seen more promise in Gorilla Glass applications?
Jim Flaws: We’re expecting touch on notebooks to grow this year, it’s obviously a small number but I think the growth of touch on notebooks will be 50% and we’re gaining share in touch on notebooks this year. So that’s important for us. Tablets continue to be an excellent market and obviously tablets are a whole lot bigger than smartphones. So we feel good about both of those.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Jim sounds like glass pricing is improving significantly here in 2Q, but not quite at the level where you wanted yet. Any color that you can share why that’s the case? Is that a continuation of the pricing issue that you had highlighted last quarter or is it a different issue?
Jim Flaws: I would say there is -- it's not necessarily specific issue, we’re delighted by the dramatic reduction that we got in Q2 from what we had in Q1. We’re not quite yet at the level we define as moderate but there is no specific issue that’s hanging on with that and we hope to get there. Wendell anything you’d like to add?
Wendell Weeks: No I think you characterized it well, it’s not an issue. It’s improved a lot, just not as good as we would like and so we’ll continue to try to optimize and do better.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  And Jim is the expectation for a CapEx for ’14 still the same, and that you came in a little bit lower than what we thought in Q1?
Jim Flaws: Q1 CapEx is always our lowest quarter seasonally, so you know it annualizes to be 1 billion, our official forecast is 1.5, my guess is it will probably for the year come in slightly under that, but generally Q1 does not represent a full quarter’s worth, it has to do with how capital close at year end. But I think we’re forecasting 1.5 could come in a little under that.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. And last one from me, was the technical issue at your Korean customer, was that related to Lotus or EAGLE XG if you could share that?
Jim Flaws: It’s in our -- in the base ASI business, it’s relatively typical that I mean if you were not the lead supplier in a given line that what can happen as a customer shifts its process, that they’ll first optimize or whose ever lead on that given line and then the person who is not in the lead on that given line has to play catch up and that’s where we are. So it’s nothing dramatic it’s sort of a pretty typical type of issue in ASI you’re just not used to us talking about it because we’re usually the primary supplier.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel. Please go ahead, sir.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess just first on Gorilla Glass I want to make sure I understood this. I think entering the year you discussed volumes growing in excess of 30% year over year and during this call you put a finer point on that expectation, I wanted to make sure I got that right. I believe you said that volumes should increase about 24% year over year for the cover glass industry as a whole and that Gorilla Glass you grow faster than that. So if I understood that correctly, I’m curious if we should see this as a moderation of prior guidance?
Jim Flaws: No, there is no moderation, the 24% that I was talking about is what’s happening going into the finishers, but from our shipments, we’re expecting to be over 30%.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then I guess just on the synergy side of CPM relative to your original guidance, can you give us an expectation or I guess some details on what was achieved in the quarter and then perhaps something to kind of quantify some of the synergies to give us a base line for analysis price utilization?
Jim Flaws: So the synergies from utilization are not really occurring because they are starting in quarter two. We are beginning to make the shift, we announced that we are going to be shutting down some Japanese capacity actually in Gorilla first and getting that. We continue -- we had tanks offline in Korea at SEP, it’s really related to 2011 we lost a share at one of our customers in Korea and we are not bringing that capacity backup until it’s needed. So we’re beginning to see the utilization shifts and starting in Q2 that will be the first half under its Gorilla. Wendell would you like to add anything on?
Wendell Weeks: Sure. We’re off to a great start on the integration. But as you would expect, we will be building momentum in the coming quarters. So that will be part of our strengthening of our earnings per share year over year as the year goes on as we gain more and more progress on our integration plans. But we’re delighted with the start, this is going really well.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus: Great, and just one more, if I may. I just want to Jim take it but maybe in intermediate term look at gross margin as we think about maturation of the display business you have lower margin segments that are driving some of your fastest growth with the optical communications and also environmental you have benefits that are coming off from CPM and perhaps a margin tailwind from Gorilla Glass that's somewhat slowing as that business matures. How should we think about your gross margin profile over the intermediate term when weighing all those different variables?
Jim Flaws: Well as you know, our corporate gross margin is obviously the add up of mix of all those businesses. From display assuming that we get back to moderate price declines in the back half of the year which we believe we will, adding into next year also, you’re going to see the benefit of the synergies well primarily in the gross margin with some in OpEx, so that’s good news for displays margins.  In Gorilla as you noted, Gorilla margins are actually higher than the corporate average today. As that business grows, that will help the corporate average. We expect a continued growth in Gorilla, obviously strong this year and again we believe for next year. The good news in environmental right now is that actually gross margins are pretty strong. We’ve done a great job in manufacturing there. We’ve been waiting for a little wind at our back from the heavy duty market which is -- goes towards some fits and starts in the U.S. but now that we have heavy duty showing up in Europe and China with the new regulations, that should be a good contributor to our corporate gross margin.  Telecom is the place where it’s lower and obviously life science is lower. In life sciences we think it will creep up a little within that segment over the next couple of years. And telecom the good news is that even though it’s lower than the corporate average, the fastest selling products fiber-to-the-home and enterprise, actually are higher gross margins within that segment than the overall corporate group. So generally I believe that the corporate gross margin has the ability to go up because every segment has the ability to improve their gross margins. The ultimate number will be depending on the mix of the quarter, but we feel pretty good about it, gross margin outlook, obviously with the biggest watch out is as always is display prices.
Operator: And we will go to line of George Nader with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Nader - Jefferies: Hi, thanks very much guys. I wanted to ask about, the efficacy of your contracts that you put in place on pricing in the display business in Taiwan, obviously did that I think a little bit more than a year ago in -- now look at the 10-K pricing came in I think mid-teens in Taiwan and then obviously some more price erosion here in Q1 was pretty significant, can you kind of talk a little bit about, what the experience has been, have you been able to maintain share as laid out on those contracts. And certainly, you think in an oligopoly environment, your competitors would react to those types of contracts pretty well, but it seems like, again pricing is still coming down a bit more than may be you anticipated, I guess I am trying to understand your perspective if you’re looking back on this contracts, a year later? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: So, we’re delighted by the contracts, we're entered in them in quarter, I guess quarter four really month of October 2012, our customers renewed them, we believe that they are providing benefit to both us and our customer, for us it’s led to stable share, which is what the contracts would focus on, stable share really helps us, because it allows us to own our manufacturing, very stable and when that occurs, we get good cost performance. What we talked about, which is what shows up when you view the comparison over the last 12 months with a Q1, see in Q1 we had the spike up where we talked about before, where we believe a competitor had to normalize pricing between a customer in Taiwan and what they had elsewhere. And that because of the contracts drilled back on us. But as you can see with our guidance for Q2 that situation is not repeating. So we feel very good about how those contracts have contributed. Relative to our competition, we’ve obviously commented that we believe overtime that the lower margin competitors will drive to lower pricing, but that’s obviously up to them, but we feel good about the contracts overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks very much. This results of question on pricing, so I think you -- when you commented about gross margins coming in a little below your expectations, you had cited the lower glass volumes than expected, but since it looks like ASPs were down in the low double digits which I think was also worse than initially expected, was that an impact on your margins as well. And since those were loss of contractually, I was just curious what drove that delta versus the original pricing expectation?
Wendell Weeks: No, our pricing sequentially were not down double-digits, so for the year-over-year pricing was down double-digits but they were not down sequentially. The weakness in our performance from our perspective, because pricing we had talked about it being -- declines being greater in Q1, a disappointment for us was the volume that we didn’t get due to the technical issue. If we had gotten the volume that we originally expected, we believe we would have seen year-over-year profitability increase in display.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then the second question was on the competitive environment in Gorilla Glass. It looks like from the volumes you’re expecting that, you’re certainly looking to gain some share there, but you also talked about having some price declines as you’re walking up some of these contracts. So can you just give us a sense, a little bit of how the competitive environment looks like right now. And what type of price decline should we be thinking about for this year for Gorilla Glass? Is it something on the order of 20% or not quite that high?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I started the end and then worked my way up. So we would expect that Gorilla price declines to moderate very significantly as we go forward into Q2. Specifically on price, we a had much larger than normal price declines in Q1 and Gorilla due to us wrapping up full year contracts to maintain our market position. And what led to that really is just competitors being more aggressive on price than they have been, they’ve always been pretty aggressive but they found a new level of aggression for this round.  Now what’s important to note is it our significant price premium versus the competition is continuing or actually it’s even increasing, but they just made a big move. So even though our premiums in place, the baseline that it moves from, move downward, we would expect that type of premium for the performance segments anytime you have a product that you care about its performance to continue because we’re going to launch a new Gorilla. The team embedded in our current Gorilla this year. So it feels good about that.  I think the next area of opportunity and challenge is the ultra low performance segments, that we’re seeing now emerge in China, another example is low but not ultra low a touch-on notebook, and for that, what we’re looking to do is create a real soda-lime glass spider that can be really competitive with those offerings for the lower performance segment. More on that as the year goes on because of innovation in market work ahead of us to make that happen as well.
Operator: We’ll go to line of Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Couple of questions, Jim. Could we just talk on Hemlock in having normalized a little bit? Hemlock, if I understand it correctly, was that in already in Q2, but was not in Q1 or is it only going to included going forward in -- I'm sorry was it included in Q1, but not included in Q4 or only is going to include in Q2 going forward?
Wendell Weeks: So, Hemlock was in none of our results last year, we included in Q1. If we had had it last year in Q1, it was just a tiny, tiny loss. So it really would have only made the numbers increasing a little slightly greater. But for the year, last year, the only time it had any incremental significance was in Q4 of last year and that’s when the contracts were fulfilled a lot by our customers. So it’s really not a big shift year-over-year.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: But on an absolute basis, can we know what the Hemlock contribution was to equity earnings in Q4 and Q1 and kind of where you’re thinking about it in Q2? Just with normalization at least for a couple of quarters sequentially?
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think that we could outline that to you we'll have and get that prepared for you if you want.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: That'll be awesome.
Wendell Weeks: It’s not very much money. Don’t get too excited by this.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: I’m not. Just want to make sure that all the ideas are dotted. On the -- when I believe you’ve mentioned that LCD pricing is -- can be significantly better in Q2 than it was in Q1, but not quite back to moderate levels, is that still related to the same issue that brought pricing down in Q1 or is that a different issue?
Wendell Weeks: I think that it’s moderate, they’re definitely moderate. It’s just not as moderate as our favorite quarters from last year, right. So it’s definitely no real issue. They moderated, but just like to do better by a point or two, that's all. So, we can’t have any particular thing to point at. As you know very well, you’ve all sorts of dynamics working out of the competitors, but we’ve got not issue to point at, it’s gotten a lot better in Q2 from Q1. We just like to do better still. That makes sense?
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: That’s awesome. I wish you guys luck at that. As you go through the different generations of Gorilla, I’m assuming that what could be growing a lot this year might be NBT? Does that change the margin profile or the pricing profile of Gorilla as you go through the different generations of Gorilla, specifically this year versus what you had in Q4 and Q1? And is it NBT that really will be providing a lot of this 30% plus growth?
Wendell Weeks: So, no, actually, NBT though it’s growing fast as Jim pointed out. It’s off a small number. So the primary drivers for us is that main line Gorilla product Gorilla Glass three and hopefully this year a new and improved version. So that will be the lion's share of the growth in those places where you’re used to us being. We’re after some of these lower performance areas not so much about this year in what it can do but because it overtime as touch technology now proliferates every price point, we need to make sure we’ve got the right offering to go after those real-value segments and that’s still a work in process.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay, I appreciate it. Lastly on the balance sheet 3.3 billion in debt, 5.6 billion in cash. I think you said 1.4 billion was in North America, what are your thoughts going forward with respect to continued -- where would you feel comfortable with that balance sheet? Could you get to a -- would you be comfortable with the net -- you generally have a lot of cash but would you be comfortable increasing the debt or lowering the cash to a point where you are sort of at net cash zero or do you like having basically a couple of billion in net cash, how do you look at that Jim?
Jim Flaws: First of all, we have 1.4 billion in the United States not 4 billion, if I miss heard you.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: But I meant 1.4, I’m sorry.
Jim Flaws: Okay, all right, now. We are going to be doing substantial repurchasing on the -- we still have about $600 million left. So obviously that will come out of U.S. cash. We have metrics around cash greater than that, doesn’t have to be as great as $2 billion. I don’t think we’re likely to add to the leverage of the company, but I think the Board has demonstrated they are prepared to commit to shareholder returns to dividends and repurchase, and I’m sure that they will continue to focus on that after the current program ends.  And just one another comment, just want to remind you, we do put numbers on Hemlock in our queue every quarter.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup:   Okay, I’ll make sure to have that. Thank you.
Operator:  Next question today comes from the line of Brian White representing Cantor, please go ahead. 
Brian White - Cantor: Jim, I’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about the weakness in China fiber, is that more a market situation, obviously 4G is benefiting base stations, but it doesn’t sound like it’s benefiting fiber or is this a competitive situation. And also with the ramp of some of these Chinese panel makers I’d be curious just how you feel Corning’s position and what are some of the trends you’re seeing with the specific Chinese panel makers. Thanks.
Jim Flaws:  So on China fiber, it is on the volume side, it’s basically market driven. Because that market took a step down, we’ve also seen in terms of competitive dynamic a lot more action around price. But from a volume standpoint this is largely a market based pace. As you pointed out, predicting the China markets, it’s a much more a command driven rather than market driven play in telecom CapEx. It’s a little hard to figure out, but as it becomes clearer as we go through the tenders for the year, you know I think our ability to predict is going to increase, all right. 
Jim Flaws:  So relative to the panel makers in China, we have a very strong position with one of the large Chinese panel makers, we don’t have much position with the second largest but we think we’re doing quite well with the Chinese panel makers and continue to have discussions with them as they think about new capacity. 
Wendell Weeks:  I think the way Ray, to think about China, is our position there is superior to our position even in Taiwan, so we really like our hand in China and we have a broad based play really across the industry with leading positions in most of the players, so we feel really good. 
Brian White - Cantor:  And just as a follow up, we’re not seeing China based LCD glass makers yet, is that correct?
Wendell Weeks:  We do have LCD glass players who are China based. We just have a significant IP settlement with one of them, so we would anticipate like you always expect in China to have some local players enter as well, but so far they are struggling as everybody else who’s tried to enter this business struggles.  
Operator: Next we have a question from the line of Steven Fox representing Cross Research please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Thanks good morning, just two questions from me, first of all on the yen, Jim is there a way to sort of sum up how much you’ve hedged versus say 2015 yen based revenues at this point, and then secondly with regard to thinning your glass further, as it works in to the integration plan, either looking at the total business or just the Korea based assets versus the previously wholly owned assets, can you just sort of give us an update on where you are on that process, whether it could accelerate this year or what kind of timeline you are for improving the average amount of thin glass in production. Thanks. 
Jim Flaws:  So on 2015, we're approaching having it fully hedged, I think we have about 30% at 93 and the remainder probably at 99, and then we have significant portions for 2016 and 2017 now hedged at 99. On the thickness of the glass, you want to comment Wendell, or if you want me to. So we’re continuing to work with customers to build thinner as I’ve mentioned in the past, some customers are on their second or third round of going thinner on glass. In Korea in particular, we have seen our largest customer there who really has not done much at thin, beginning to convert some of their capacity to thin, so we expect to see more capacity additions to our sales benefit and obviously cost reductions as they choose to go thinner. 
Wendell Weeks:  Yes, we like thin and we’d like to see it continue and we always do our best to try to enable that because what we -- if you look at us broadly, what we would like to do is use that to continue to drive our costs, lower our customers cost but also open up the opportunity for us to exploit new markets with assets that we’ve created purely through our own productivity, it’s just great for shareholders and great for our ability to develop new markets. 
Ann Nicholson:  Operator, we have time for one more person’s question.
Operator:  Thank you, our final question today will come from the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan, please go ahead sir.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan:  Hi, thanks for getting me in there, just a couple of questions, I wondered, Wendell could you comment on the linearity of that technical glass volume coming back on stream in Q2, like by, how does that flow over the quarter, is all of it back by the end of the quarter or the middle of the quarter, not sure if you qualify that in earlier comment and then, I don’t know if you could, could you tell us whether that an SEP is not hedged, have you done anything with that yet or is that still an open issue that you're consider to do with, and then lastly bonus question, I don’t know if I’ll get Jim to comment on this or Wendell, but could you guys talk about the -- it just feels like there has not been a lot of capacity added to the industry and yet volume demand just kind of keeps creeping up, up and up and up, and I wonder if you can just talk a little bit about capacity utilization at this point in the industry? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: So on the SCP, on the hedge portion for 2014, there is really nothing that we have done and likely to be able to do anything of any significance so, that just is flowing through us and can walk you through the impact on it -- on our results, but it kind of falls outside of court.  Relative capacity in the industry, we believe the industry is continuing to be relatively disciplined keeping capacity offline, obviously what is occurring is as you know that the market continues to grow as it does at retail and flows through the glassmakers and therefore capacity utilization has climbed a little. On the other hand, we’re continuing, our competitors also see some benefit from thin, so there continues to be excess capacity, but we continue to see discipline by the entire industry of keeping that unneeded capacity offline, any comments in linearity?
Wendell Weeks: Sure, so, I wouldn’t count on linearity. There’s -- when you work in through one of these type of issues, then you get this complicated fishbone chart, both our product, what’s going on in their process. So as a result, these things are notoriously difficult to schedule. I think you’re right in that our expectation is that we’re already feeling it come back in Q2 as we speak, but there is always room for the unknown as we work our way through these type of issues.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Wendell, are you pretty sure by Q3 you’ve got all that volume on board or I mean pretty sure being greater than 80% or do you still feel like there is a quite bit of risk if there is still little bit chunk outstanding?
Wendell Weeks: I feel pretty sure. My ops guys and tech guys, they’re really sharp. I think we’ll get this behind us pretty quickly, so I’m pretty sure.
Jim Flaws: Just a couple of wrap of comments. First of all from Investor Relations, we’re going to be appearing at quite a few places in the month of May. We'll be at the Jefferies Conference on May 7th, the JPMorgan Conference on May 20th, the Bernstein Annual Strategic Decisions Conference on May 29th, and finally the Bank of America Conference at the beginning of June on June 3rd. Just to summarize the highlights of the call, we think we’re entering 2014 with a very strong start. The integration of CPM is underway and delivering results and we look forward to achieving the synergies which would be part of the 350 million. We expect an additional MPAT for the full year. We grew sales in every business in Q1 and are on track to deliver sales and earnings growth in every business for the full year. We think our optical communications environmental segments are poised for a very strong year. We continue to improve manufacturing efficiencies and control operating costs and we are going to continue to return cash to shareholders with our share repurchases. So we feel really good about our first quarter and are confident we can deliver on our 2014 plan. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. The playback of the call is available beginning at 11 a.m. eastern time today and will run until 5 p.m. Eastern Monday, May 12. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 323571. The audio cast is available on our website during that time as well. Tom that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference. We thank you for your participation in using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Director of Investor Relations James Flaws - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Amitabh Passi - UBS Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus Steven Fox - Cross Research Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Joseph Wolf - Barclays Rod Hall - JPMorgan
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated quarter four 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Division Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Ann Nicholson. Please go ahead. 
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Jim Flaws, vice chairman and chief financial officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's SEC reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
James Flaws : Thanks, Ann. Good morning everyone. I’d like to begin today by looking back at what we said one year ago. In our January 2013 earnings call, we announced record sales for the fourth quarter 2012 and also for the full year of 2012. But far more importantly, we had reported our quarter four 2012 earnings per share were up year over year. This was significant, as it marked the first of what has now become five consecutive quarters of year over year earnings growth. Coming into 2013, we told investors we made progress against our goal to [form bottom and march up], but still had work ahead of us. Specifically, our goal was to stabilize display earnings through LCD glass price decline moderation and drive earnings growth with our optical communications, specialty, environmental, and life science segments. Now, as we look at our 2013 results, we can declare that we achieved our goal. We have formed bottom, and we’ve begun our march up. For the full year, we grew core sales 5%, we improved core gross margin, we reduced operating expense in dollars and as a percentage of sales, we grew our core NPAT at 13%. We retained our strong balance sheet while also returning more cash to shareholders in the form of an 11% dividend increase and execution of $1.5 billion in share repurchases. And aided by those share repurchases, we grew EPS 16%.  We also announced and have now just closed on a fantastic transaction with Samsung for the full ownership of our equity venture SCP. We believe the numerous strategic and financial benefits will strengthen the LCD business, broaden our relationship with Samsung, and provide outstanding returns to shareholders. I’ll be providing some more information on the consolidated NE for your modeling purposes in my outlook section. I’d like to turn to our quarter four results, beginning with some highlights. Now, as a reminder, we provide core performance results in order to exclude nonperformance related items and increase the transparency of our operating results.  Core financial measures are a non-GAAP financial measure, and we continue to report our GAAP results. You’ll find detailed reconciliations on our website, outlining the differences between these non-GAAP measures and the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  We had a solid quarter that was better than we originally expected. With volume up almost 5% year over year and 2% sequentially, display set a new quarterly record for sales volume. LCD glass price declines were again moderate. LCD glass demand continues to be good, and we believe this is driven by good retail demand in Q4 for larger televisions and expectations for Q1, specifically the Chinese New Year. In this morning’s press release, we announced that we expect higher price declines in quarter one of 2014 than in previous quarters. I want to be clear here that we believe this is a one-quarter phenomenon that we do not expect to repeat. And I’ll cover this in more detail in the display outlook section. Optical communications, life sciences, and environmental all performed better for the quarter than we expected, and I’ll get to those details in a minute. Our one miss for the quarter was specialty materials. Gorilla Glass volume was lower than expected by approximately 10% and, along with product mix, reduced specialty materials profitability sequentially. On the other hand, specialty materials full year profits were only down slightly, despite the 13% decrease in year over year sales.  So let’s go to the fourth quarter. Our sales were $2 billion, down slightly versus last year. Gross margin was 40%, lower than our expectation of 42%. Two main factors drove the decreased gross margin. First, lower than expected volume for Gorilla Glass impacted gross margin versus forecast, and second, the additional sales in optical communications were in lower-margin products. And I’ll cover each of these in detail shortly. SG&A spending was higher year over year, driven mainly by the increased accrual for performance-based compensation. RD&E was down versus a year ago, reflecting our cost control efforts. Other income included a payment for the settlement of a dispute over the use of fusion technology in China. Details can be found on our November 15, 2013 filing. Gross equity earnings of $121 million were down about 20% year over year, driven by SEP’s year over year price declines on relatively consistent glass volume. And finally, our EPS was $0.29, up $0.01 versus a year ago. On October 31, we announced a $1 billion accelerated stock repurchase plan, which retired 47 million shares. We also repurchased $75 million of shares under our open market repurchase program during the quarter. So in 2013, in total, we used $1.5 billion of the $2 billion program that we had announced in April. We ended 2013 with 1.401 billion outstanding common shares.  For the year, sales were $7.95 billion, or almost $8 billion, up 5% over 2012. Corporate gross margin was up half a percentage point, driven by improved manufacturing efficiencies in optical communications, specialty materials, and environmental. Additionally LCD glass gross margins were down only slightly, driven by cost reduction programs. We lowered S&A and R&D for the year in absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales, reflecting our cost control measures. Moving down the income statement, gross equity earnings were down 17%, reflecting the year over year price declines at SEP. Our effective tax rate for the year was 17%. EPS for the year was $1.23, up 16%. This year over year improvement is the result of our ability to manage spending, improve profitability through manufacturing cost reductions and other programs, and maintain moderate price declines for LCD glass. Now I’d like to turn to the detailed segment results, and I’ll start with display. Display sales were $665 million in Q4, a 5% decrease versus last year. Sequentially, Corning and SEP’s combined volume was up slightly. Overall, our market share remained stable and LCD glass price declines were moderate. Gross equity earnings from our equity venture in Korea, SEP, were $85 million in Q4, a decrease of 24% versus last year. In addition to year over year price declines and slightly lower volume, SEP had had a high level sales back to Corning’s base display in Q4 of 2012 that did not repeat in Q4 of 2013. You may recall that our base display and Gorilla businesses were quite full in quarter four of 2012. Now, for your modeling purposes, display equity affiliates fourth quarter display glass sales were about $522 million, a decrease of 19% from the prior year. As a reminder, this represents SEP’s LCD sales only. Our public filings will report display equity affiliates total sales, which include other products. Net income was down 1%, reflecting the impact of price declines offsetting higher volume, and year over year cost reductions helped maintain these stable profits. For the year, our wholly owned display segment sales were $2.7 billion, up 7%. Higher volumes more than offset price declines. Net income was up slightly. Display manufacturing efficiencies were impacted in the first half of the year by air freight costs, but for the full year, manufacturing cost per square foot decreased. The customer agreements that stabilized our share have helped the manufacturing organization manage capacity to demand, and we look forward to the renewed agreements maintaining that stability in 2014. Now turning to the industry, we estimate the glass market at retail for 2013 was almost 4 billion square feet, up about 10%. Our preliminary estimates of TV sell in indicate year over year unit sales were up slightly. All regions except Europe and Japan grew unit sales year over year. Average TV screen size increased again in 2013, and drove glass market growth. We estimate TV area growth was up more than 10%, and 50 inch televisions grew 90% in 2013. On the supply chain front, we estimate inventory ended the year at about 17 weeks, and is spread fairly evenly along the supply chain. This is in the range we would consider healthy and reasonable for entering 2014. I’ll talk more about the industry in our outlook shortly. Now, we’ve renamed our telecommunications segment optical communications. For those of you not familiar with this 40-year-young business, we invented the world’s first low loss optical fiber in 1970. Over the last 40 years, in addition to manufacturing optical fiber and cable, we have increasingly moved into providing optical solutions that include hardware and equipment.  Today, we are a comprehensive provider of industry moving optical solutions across the broader communications industry. The new name better reflects the major communications groups that we serve, carrier, or public, networks, and enterprise, or private, networks. This segment will be classified in those two main categories, carrier networks and enterprise networks, and we’ll be providing more details in the upcoming 10-K.  In optical communications, Q4 sales were $605 million, up 12% versus last year and better than we had expected. Carrier sales in North America drove the increase versus expectations. Net income, however, was down 18%. The primary driver of the decline was product mix, with higher sales volume of lower margin products than in Q4 of 2013. Also contributing to the year over year earnings decline were price declines and our decision to scale back optical fiber production. For the full year, sales were $2.3 billion, up 9%. Sales in all regions were up year over year. Carrier, including wireless and enterprise sales were both up, offsetting fiber weaknesses in China. We’re very pleased with these results. Optical communications annual net income in 2013 was up 43%. The additional sales volume and manufacturing efficiencies drove the improvement, offsetting the year over year price declines of certain products and the unfavorable mix. Now in our environmental segment, Q4 sales were $238 million, up 9% versus last year, and better than we had expected. We saw positive indicators in the U.S. heavy duty truck market and European demand for light duty diesel products bounced back a little in the fourth quarter. Net income was up 124% versus a weak fourth quarter last year, driven by volume gains in diesel and auto. For the full year, environmental sales were down 5%, driven primarily by lower sales of diesel products due to weak demand for diesel cars in Europe and lower class A truck production in North America. Now, despite these lower sales, environmental expanded their gross margins and grew net income by 9% in 2013, due to significant manufacturing efficiency improvements and reductions in operating expense. We were delighted by the performance in environmental, and believe the business is now well-positioned with its improved margin structure and growth coming from the heavy duty market in China and Europe. Specialty materials sales for the quarter were down 29% year over year and below our expectations. As you’ll recall, Gorilla Glass sales in Q4 of 2012 were very strong, as device manufacturers prepared for 2013. As 2013 unfolded, it became apparent that some of the 2012 Q4 strength created an inventory overhang that was with us through most of last year.  The softness versus our original expectations down 20% was due primarily to lower volume of Gorilla Glass for touch notebooks. Advanced optics sales were up year over year, driven by a recovery in the semiconductor industry.  Net income in Q4 was down year over year, driven by the volume decline of Gorilla Glass and year over year expected price declines. For the full year, specialty sales were down 13%. The decline was mainly driven by the supply chain overbuild I just described, and also by much lower sales of large cover glass for televisions, which had been about $40 million in 2012, as well as some yield improvements in the supply chain. We believe consumption of cover glass was up about 27% in 2013, and will be up again in 2014. We expect to see volume growth of Gorilla Glass more in line with consumption in 2014, and we’ll be providing more details at our annual investor meeting on February 7. Advanced optics full year sales were consistent in 2012.  Net income for the full year is a very good story. Gorilla Glass had another year of manufacturing efficiency improvements that led to segment gross margin improvement of 13%. Net income was down only $5 million, or 2%, on 13% sales decline. Now turning to life sciences, Q4 sales were up year over year due to additional sales from our acquisition, which closed on October 31 of 2012. Net income was up 31% on the additional sales. For the year, life sciences sales were $851 million, up 30%, primarily driven by the Discovery Labware acquisition. Net income was up 92%, driven by the increased volume from the acquisition and very tight control on S&A and RD&E costs. We were also delighted by life science performance in 2013, with the excellent integration of the acquisition delivering incremental profits, and we accomplished this despite the reduced market due to lower NIH funding. At Dow Corning, gross equity earnings from the silicone segment were up slightly in Q4, driven by the higher volume and lower taxes. Price and FX partially offset these gains. In 2013, Dow Corning sales were down slightly, driven by price and volume declines, particularly in Europe and China, but their net income and our equity earnings were up slightly for the year, as a result of restructuring actions we took in 2012. Now, on the balance sheet we ended the fourth quarter with $5.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. We had strong free cash flow for the quarter of about $500 million, despite spending $337 million in capital spending, and also the cash payment made to the minority shareholders for their share of SEP. We were able to complete the buyout of the minority holders in December. The purchase of Samsung shares of SEP occurred in January. During the quarter, we also issued $250 million of senior unsecured notes. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.6 billion of cash in the United States.  Capital spending for the year turned out to be only $1 billion and below our forecast. Some expansion projects slowed their pace of spending to meet the expected demand level during the back half of 2013. So now I’ll go to the outlook, and I’ll start with display. Since we’ll be consolidating SEP, which has now been renamed to be Corning Precision Materials, or CPM, let me begin by how to estimate the impact on the display segment sales and earnings.  We expect approximately $2 billion in additional sales in the display segment this year and next from consolidating 100% of CPM’s LCD glass sales. You should calculate cost of goods sold based on your sales assumption, including depreciation, to get to gross margin. I urge you to remember that CPM did have lower performance in the back half of 2013, so please think about that performance level. You must add their operating expense to SG&A and R&D. You’ll need to make an estimate of the impact of synergies to both cost of sales and SG&A. Now, we’re just completing the close in Q1, so the synergies in this quarter will be low. We expect them to ramp up rapidly in Q2 and through the remainder of the year. And finally, please remember that CPM will not have the benefit of interest income anymore, due to the dividend strip.  This obviously gets you to net profit before taxes for the display segment. Corning’s overall tax rate will change. Corning’s taxes will now include the taxes paid by CPM in Korea. Expect our total effective tax rate to move from 17% in 2013 to approximately 22% in 2014. We will have amortization of intangibles and goodwill from the acquisition. As with other deals, we record these outside core earnings.  Another area the consolidation impacts is our balance sheet. These changes are pretty straightforward. You need to subtract CPM from our investment balance and add the entity into assets and liabilities. Finally, there are cash flows. In this case, you need to remember the $98 million cash dividend payment to Samsung, but remember, Corning will also no longer be getting cash dividends from CPM. However, we expect an additional $400 million to $500 million in free cash flow from CPM’s operations. We’ll be providing detailed pro forma financial statements in March for investors to update their models with this information. Ann and Steven will be happy to answer any modeling questions you have as well. Now turning to the industry, we feel good about the glass market as we enter 2014. Inventory levels appear healthy, glass supply seems aligned with demand, and we expect another year of glass volume growth at retail. Key contracts we entered into in late 2012 were renewed and extended into 2014. We expect our share to be stable in Q1 and throughout 2014. Now, for the end market in 2014, we expect the retail market, as measured in square feet of glass, will be up mid to high single-digits. For reference, 2013 was nearly 4 billion square feet. We think LCD television units grow in the low to mid-single digits with area growth likely higher. We believe the trend of consumers to buy large televisions will continue. We believe there will be PC market growth. We’re expecting 7% to 12% year over year unit growth, with nearly all of it attributable to tablets. Monitor and notebook units are expected to be flat. As we near the end of January, we see the Q1 LCD glass market declining low single digits sequentially. This reflects normal seasonality and of course the fewer shipping days in February compared to Q4. We expect our glass volume to be down in line with this market.  Recall Q2 is the slowest retail season, so the supply chain should moderate in Q1 to manage inventory. You should note the LCD glass market and our volumes in Q1 are up year over year, reflecting our overall larger market.  Now, we expect price declines in Q1 to be higher than the previous quarters. Recall that we first announced the new contracts in late 2012. They have mechanisms to adjust Corning’s customers in accordance with competitive pricing at that customer. The higher Q1 decline is driven by the price mechanisms in these contracts. We don’t know why the competition did the larger move. We suspect it may be related to compressing price differences among their customers. We anticipate our price declines will return to more moderate levels after Q1 for several reasons. First, as I mentioned, we suspect the larger decline was related to competitors compressing price differences among their customers.  Second, we believe that if prices were to continue to decline like they are in Q1, our competition would soon be incurring losses. Publicly available information shows our competitors are already operating their businesses with thin margins. Prices can only go down so much further before these competitors will be at or below breakeven.  At those prices, though, Corning’s business would be still quite profitable. Our analysis shows our costs are already lower than our competitors by a substantial percentage, and we anticipate this big cost advantage will only get bigger as we integrate the manufacturing assets of CPM. So even if our competitors were to drop price to where they’d be at or below breakeven, we would still be generating a very healthy profit.  Now, as for our glass capacity, I want to reiterate we intend to diligently manage our capacity to supply. Our new Korean entity, CPM, provides access to low-cost capacity, enabling us to optimize our manufacturing footprint and preserve profitability. Moving to optical communications, we expect Q1 sales to be up in the mid-teens versus Q1 of 2013. You may recall Q1 of 2013 was a slow start to last year, particularly in North America, Europe, and China, and did not have the sales from consolidation of an equity affiliated acquisition. We expect higher year over year sales in carrier and enterprise in all regions, except China.  In environmental, we expect Q1 sales to be up mid-single digits year over year, driven by the pickup in heavy duty diesel sales due to new regulations in Europe and China. We’re pleased to see this demand from the new regulations, and expect it to drive our growth in heavy duty sales and profitability in 2014. Of course, we’ll have more detail on this segment at our IR day next week.  We expect specialty materials sales to be consistent year over year in Q1. For comparative purposes, specialty materials sales have always been weakest in the first quarter, as you can see in this chart. We do believe Gorilla Glass volume will be up significantly for the year, and better aligned with cover glass consumption. We expect moderate price declines in 2014, similar to 2013. Although 2013 was not what we expected in terms of sales, we remain excited by what lies ahead for Gorilla Glass. Those of you who went to the Consumer Electronics Show saw firsthand our new product introductions. Our legendary Gorilla Glass is now thinner. It is now available as the world’s first antimicrobial cover glass. It can be antireflective, and also manufactured in 3D shapes is extending in new markets. We will share more details at our investor meeting next week. In life sciences, we expect sales to be consistent with last year’s first quarter. Equity earnings from Dow Corning should be up for the total year. However, Q1 will be down versus a year ago, because some one-time favorable items that occurred a year ago don’t repeat. We expect gross margin to be almost 45%, driven by environmental’s additional volume and display. Display gross margins improved versus last year, due to having no air freight costs and of course the consolidation of CPM. SG&A and R&D will be lower year over year as a percentage of sales. Modeling total equity earnings in Q1 and going forward will be predominantly from Dow Corning equity earnings. Our other equity ventures are relatively small, and do not materially add to our results. Our effective tax rate for 2014 should be approximately 22%. The projected rate is higher than 2013, driven by the addition of CPM’s income, which is taxed at the Korean tax rate of 24%. That concludes my opening comments. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. Operator, we’ll now open the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question today comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Jim, you noted that this weaker pricing in Q1 could be temporary, but let’s say that there is irrational behavior in the market and it persists for a little bit longer in the year. Given your comments around what the retail square footage growth is, is it reasonable to assume a base case that display revenue would actually contract in 2014?
James Flaws : It obviously depends on whether the higher price declines continue all year long. So you can do the math as well as I can. I mean, you can make that case, but I emphasize again we believe that price declines will return to more moderate levels in Q2 and beyond.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : But given the fact that the retail square footage is going to expand in the mid to high single digits, even if we go to traditional price declines of high single digit, we’re talking about roughly flattish. Is that right?
James Flaws : It’s very possible that’s how the math would work.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And as a quick follow up, can you address the weaker performance in specialty? Do you think the issue is anything unrelated to inventory? Can you maybe answer that in light of your competitive glass in sapphires and alternative materials?
James Flaws : We believe that specialty materials results, first in Q4 were weaker than our original expectations, because of touch on notebook missed our goal. Everything else was in line with what we expected. We believe we’ve been dealing with this supply chain issue that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012 all year long. We think we’re done with that.  We do not feel we are losing market share to other aluminosilicate high performance glasses in any material amount. We do at lower end, items compete with soda lime, and we have yet to see any evidence of sapphire on any devices. So again, the performance last year we attribute to this carryover of a large amount of square feet in the supply chain and then second, the fact that touch on notebooks did not grow against our expectations. 
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. 
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group: Jim, just a clarification. Did you say that on square foot, the TV application grew 10%, and this year it’s going to grow by 5%? Did I hear that right?
James Flaws : I said that TV area growth grew 10% last year, and that area growth this year could approach that number.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group : And then for just overall glass consumption, how is the TV mix in ’13 going to look in ’14?
James Flaws : Televisions are in the low 60% range of total glass used.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group : But no change from ’13 to ’14?
James Flaws : Nothing significant.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group : And then one last question on the specialty material. Can you help me understand the mix of Gorilla as a percentage of overall specialty material, and how is that mix going to change in ’14?
James Flaws :
 :
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets : The working presumption when the pricing was adjusted for market share about a year ago was that the rational behavior should prevail. Yet when we see these pricing mechanisms kick in as competitors compress price, just wondering, recognizing that Corning’s [fiduciary] is to shareholders and your commitments to profitability and margins, you’re also competing with companies who seem more focused on employment and just kind of running the business, as opposed to profit. So is there any further thought that they will revert back to what is more normal in terms of pricing?
James Flaws : I want to be careful about commenting too much on our competitors, but I will draw your attention to the fact that after we put these agreements in, we announced them in October of 2012, we had a period of time where moderate price declines happened quarter after quarter.  We obviously can never know for sure what our competitors are doing and why, but as I outlined in my prepared comments, we suspect that they may have had a compression issue that they had to deal with between some of their customers, and that may have led them to make this larger decline in this quarter.  I can’t comment beyond that on our competitors’ motivations and what they’re intending to do. I can only point you to the fact that basically in the four quarters prior, of 2013, we had moderate price declines. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets : And then maybe on capex, you underspent in capex in 2013. How should we recalibrate your assumptions for 2014? And along those lines, as we look for growth opportunities ahead, can you just talk about maybe what would be the new thing we should be looking for? Maybe touch notebooks? Automobile applications such as the BMW i8? What do you see kind of percolating for higher demand in the next few years?
James Flaws : Let me talk about capex. We had previously given guidance for 2014 of $1.3 billion. The lower spending in 2013 will not add to that. So the only thing that would add to it is CPM, which I think we’ve told you before would be about $200 million. So our guidance is $1.5 billion for 2014. There’s no carryover that’s going to affect and drive the number up, because we underspent last year. As far as growth prospects going forward, I’d like to just reserve on that, because in about 10 days’ time, you’ll have an opportunity to see what we’re talking about in terms of growth. And actually, the whole theme of our investor relations day is about growing the company.  We, as I said in my opening remarks, feel like we’ve achieved our primary objective over the past year, which was to stop going down and start growing up. We’ve done that. But the key to us growing further is going to grow sales, and that will be a theme of the day, and we hope you’ll be able to attend. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : A couple from me. Jim, I wanted to clarify the gross margin guidance of 45%, was that for the full year, or just the first calendar quarter?
James Flaws : That was for the first calendar quarter.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : And then any help in terms of how we should be thinking about your synergy expectations and how they flow through the year? I know you put out a schedule when you did the transaction. Are those numbers still reasonably accurate? Or can you give us any guidance in terms of the quarter to quarter progression on the synergy front? 
James Flaws : The numbers overall are pretty accurate. And you’re not going to get much of it in Q1. I would say you take the amount we gave you and then divide it by three quarters. Q2 would probably be a little less than that, and then Q3 and Q4 will be in full bloom on that. And the CFO of the display sector yesterday that he’s prepared to report out on synergies to investors as we go along, he’s so confident. So we’ll be able to do that for you.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : And then just finally, assuming glass revenues for the display segment are relatively consistent this year, in 2013, given your commentary on synergies, is there still the potential to drive net income higher in 2014, given that we assume a flat to moderately really down sales scenario? 
James Flaws : Sure, we’re still backing what we said in October, that we believe we can drive the fully diluted EPS for the company up 20% this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian White from Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: I’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about 4K TVs, curved TVs, kind of what you think it means to the TV market over the next couple of years. And also, some of the antimicrobial glass, what does that mean to Gorilla in terms of margins, upgrades, so on and so forth? Because I think there’s obviously big demand for that type of product.
James Flaws : On antimicrobial, we believe it enhances the results of Gorilla. We have not detailed yet the pricing of it, and the impact, but we believe it will enhance it. The key for us is obviously getting our first customer on a mobile device. We have our first customer, as we showed at CES, already, which is Steelcase, which are using it on their little LCD panels they have for offices. But we need to get a cell phone. But we believe it will be an enhancer over time, and we’re quite delighted by that. Relative to television demand, we think ultra high definition will be a driver of replacement rate, but the pace of it we’re a little unsure of right now. We think it’s important. Curved TVs, it’s perhaps a little bit in the eye of the beholder. For some people, I think that that will be a reason that they would want to purchase a new television. For us, it doesn’t make any difference. The glass in the curved large televisions is the same as our normal glass. But again, at our IR day, we’re going to talk about how we see the replacement rate and the impact on the growth in televisions going forward. I would say that our observation is, ultra high definition is going to ultimately be a big driver of replacement rate, but the pace at which it happens is a little unclear to us now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus : I guess my first one for Jim, you discussed Gorilla Glass and its expectations, almost entirely due to touch on notebook in 4q. And touch on notebook largely disappointed as we moved through 2014. So I’m curious if you could comment on why touch on notebook missed expectations. Is it lack of penetration in touch SKUs relative to what you were hoping for? Is it sell through that was soft? Is it overall consumers actually have a preference towards tablets rather than touch on notebook? What is that dynamic? And they how do you expect that to change as we move into 2014?
James Flaws : I guess it’s a lot of all of the above. Touch on notebooks has not grown as rapidly as we had hoped, and I think as the industry hopes. The detachables clearly have not turned out to be a very big part of the market. So that’s been a disappointment. Our own forecasts are that it will grow this upcoming year.  And then the other thing that we’re experiencing, particular to us, on particularly low-end clamshell notebooks, is we’re having to compete with soda lime. This is not with other aluminosilicate glasses. And that’s clearly a challenge for us, and we’re working on a solution to it. But I think overall the biggest thrust of this has been the disappointing take rate of touch on notebooks by consumers. 
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus : And then a few quarters ago you discussed LG10 and talked about perhaps the second tank being a 2014 event, and that you did not see them as a significant supplier in the industry. And I was just wondering if you could update us as to your expectations on a review of LG10 as a competitor, especially as we move through 2014.
James Flaws : We do not feel LG10 is a significant competitor at all. Our observation, obviously based on publicly available data and looking from outside the gate, is that the second tank is not lit and is likely to be a year later than they originally planned. 
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus : And just one clarification on your tax rate. If I look at your corporate tax rate for 2013, and we incorporate the SEP 24% tax rate, to get to that 22% tax rate guidance, it would either imply that your core tax rate is increasing somewhat substantially year over year, or that SEP earnings are going to accelerate. Are one of those two a fair assumption?
James Flaws : There’s always things going on in our tax rate that we get some benefits, some things that may not repeat the next year, but I’m going to be addressing the tax rate in more detail at the IR event, so I’ll try to answer it more specifically then.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox - Cross Research : Just a couple of questions on Gorilla Glass for me. First, I know you want to save some stuff for the analyst day, but relative to the types of consumption growth of 27% that you talked about, what kind of growth are you looking for 2014? And without putting a number on it, can you talk qualitatively where you think things are better or worse? And then secondly, where are we at with potential further improvements in Gorilla Glass margins? Have you optimized those exiting the year? And then lastly, just one minor detail, is Gorilla Glass going to remain as part of specialty materials going forward? Or would there be a reorg coming with the SEP deal? 
James Flaws : There’s no reorganization coming. Gorilla remains in specialty materials, which remains part of our Corning Glass Technologies Group, which is led by Jim [Clapton]. So no change on reorganization. I expect our Gorilla Glass shipments, in terms of volume, to be up at least 30%, maybe a little bit higher than that, this upcoming year. And I didn’t quite catch your second question on gross margin?
Steven Fox - Cross Research : I know margins on Gorilla Glass have been improving during the year. Is there still more room to improve margins off of that type of volume? Or how optimized are Gorilla Glass margins at this point?
James Flaws : There’s fundamentally more opportunity to improve the gross margin. One of the most exciting things I think about the acquisition of CPM is that we have traditionally made some of our Gorilla Glass on some of our older tanks, and as you know, CPM had some low-cost tanks that were available, so Gorilla can be made there. So we clearly think we can improve margins on Gorilla going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup : First of all, a clarification. There was a $338 million other income in the P&L, much larger than last quarter. And you’d mentioned something about a settlement in China that I missed. Are they related? And can you just go over again what that settlement from China was, and was that what drove that $338 million?
James Flaws : The $338 million you’re referring to is our GAAP numbers. That’s where the FX hedge has to be. Remember, what we did with core earnings is we do it flat at the 93.5 yen exchange rate. Our hedge really, because the yen has moved up so much, we actually have a big gain on the hedge that we have to mark to market. You’ll see fluctuations on that. We do that in the GAAP. So that’s what’s in the GAAP numbers. You’ve got to look at the other income and expense under core. But in core, we actually had some other income, other expense, as we call that line. We did have some favorable items in that this quarter. Principally, it was a settlement that we reached on an intellectual property dispute in China, and I think we outlined some of the details of that back in November.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup : Do we have a size on how large that was?
James Flaws : I don’t think we’ve disclosed that yet.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup : Back to the price declines in Q1, competitive, what is the mechanism for you to learn of this? Do your customers, because you have these contracts with all your customers, is it that on November 30, one of them comes to you and says, hey, this is the price I’m getting, you need to match it? Do they all come to you? At what point did you learn about this? And can you give us a sense as to, magnitude-wise, how much larger than the normal moderate price declines should we expect Q1 to be?
James Flaws : First, we don’t have these contracts at all our customers. We only have them at several. The way the contracts work, which is what we talked about back in the fall of 2012, is that at the end of the quarter, and I really mean the end of the quarter, our customers who have these contracts are required to tell us what the price that they got from competitors, through a mechanism at that customer. When they do that, then that becomes potentially our price under this contract. And we have chosen to operate that way with these contracts and renew them. So that’s how it happens. So it happens literally at the end of the quarter. Relative to the level that we’re seeing this upcoming quarter, I would say it’s probably about double what we’ve been seeing. 
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup : And remind me again, if customer A comes to you and tells you that they got a price lower than what you’ve been giving them, the contract implies that you must match that at that customer. Do you then have to take that to customers B, C, and D that are under these same contracts, and offer that same price, even if they hadn’t been offered that by your competitor?
James Flaws : No, it’s very specific. The price at the customers who have this contract, it is set by this relationship at that customer.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup : And can we infer, then, that therefore this price reset that is causing the lower price only happened at several customers and not at all customers that had the contract?
James Flaws : I’m not going to say anything further about where it occurred.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup : [NEG] seems to be adding capacity in China and opening up a new plant there. Is that something that you’re factoring into your numbers? And finally, I have a final question on notebooks and [NBT].
James Flaws : Relative to NEG, the announcement on Friday of them building melting capacity, it’s our understanding from the public statements as well as what we’ve seen in analyst’s reports, that they’re going to be adding capacity, which is similar in size to what they added in Korea. The public statements and also what has been reported by analysts is similar to what they did in Korea, that they’ll be taking Japanese capacity offline and transferring equipment.  We don’t believe this new capacity, based on what we’ve seen, shows up in China for I think 2015 and 2016. And we think it’s similar in size, as I said, to Korea. So we’re not anticipating much impact of this short term. We believe that NEG would have been supplying China from their Japanese capacity and then as this new capacity comes up, obviously with transferred equipment, that some of the Japanese capacity goes down.  It’s pretty obvious to us that NEG, over the last few years, has moved from being an all-Japan model to having dispersed their capacity closer to their customers and perhaps away from earthquake zones. So it seems rational to us. 
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup : And then finally, on touch notebooks, a target that you had several times during the year, and I think you were going to exit the year at 10% - not that you would exit the year 10%, but that 10% of notebooks would be touch exiting the year - it sounds like now you think that was a lower number. How much lower do you think it was? And do you have some sort of a target that you’re looking for in 2014?  And you mentioned soda lime. As we go into Best Buy and you see pretty much almost all notebooks seem to have touch now, maybe they have soda lime. It’s hard to tell. But how does your [NBT], that was basically supposed to compete with soda lime and the price point, how is that competing. Just trying to differentiate the market versus your competitive offering. 
James Flaws : I don’t have much information right now about NBT. If you come to the investor day, you can talk to Jim Steiner. He can give you an update on how it’s going. I think overall the year, touch on notebook was 11%. I think in the fourth quarter we estimated it was at 13%.
Operator: Next we’ll go to the line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs : Just one more question on the pricing. What is the incentive for competitors to lower the price when you’re contractually locked into a certain market share? Or is that just a play to try to take share between the three suppliers? And I just want to clarify the pricing reset was just at one customer, or several? 
James Flaws : We have not commented on the number of customers. It occurred at the customers we have the contracts with. In terms of the incentive, I can’t really comment on motivations by our competitors. The one that you talk about is obviously something that could have occurred, but I can’t know for sure what our competitors are doing and why.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs : And then I just wanted to ask a little bit about your assumptions for the markets for this year. It sounded like you’re assuming flat PC growth outside of tablets, and given that PCs have been declining, I was just curious why you’d think that that improved this year. And then on the TV side, what are you seeing in the supply chain as we approach the World Cup? And is that historically the kind of event that has any impact on TV demand?
James Flaws : I’ll deal with the latter first. Sporting events do provide some increase in the television markets. We have seen that historically with World Cups, as well as Summer Olympics. One issue that we see is that often the impact on television consumption is higher, but less than what investors want it to be. We expect to see a similar phenomenon for the World Cup that occurs in the middle of this year. I don’t have the PC demand with me, but we think tablets are providing, I think, most of the growth for this year, and that we’ve got, I think the notebooks, we have relatively flat.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs : Right, that was my question. PCs have actually been declining, so just curious why you think it will be flat this year. Is there just something specific you’re seeing? Or how high is your confidence on that forecast?
James Flaws : My confidence is medium about the IT, but I would hope you come to the IR day, and you can talk to the guys running the business. They’ll explain why they came up with the number.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays.
Joseph Wolf - Barclays : Just two questions. One on the glass inventory, you mentioned it’s 17 weeks, and thinking that that’s stable. Is that the right number given the high number of different panel sizes, screen sizes, across the different devices? Or do you think that that moves seasonally like it did in 2013?
James Flaws :  If you go back a couple of years, we would have said 17 weeks was high. But we believe the comment that you’re making about the number of additional panel sizes has led people to carry more. So what we’ve developed is, over the past year, we think 17 is acceptable. In terms of the cycle of the weeks, remember, the weeks the way we do it is forward-looking, always. So as we get to the square footage of glass and look at quarter two, at the end of quarter one, the number will climb, simply because Q2 goes lower. So you always have to look at the two things in combination, the absolute inventory and the weeks, based on the forward-looking. But we feel pretty good about the inventory levels right now.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan :   I guess I’m going to have to go back to the pricing commentary. It sounds like you’re saying that the competitors converged toward some lower price point that was in the market. At least that’s what you’re thinking. What I don’t understand is, and usually you have a good reason for saying things like this, why you have confidence that after Q1 that will rebound. Is there some dynamic we should be thinking about that would cause that pricing to come back in Q2?  And then just a really quick second question. The Chinese fusion agreement, did you manage to stop them from using fusion technology altogether? Beyond the money, can you just tell us what else transpired in that deal that might be helpful to you?
James Flaws :
 :  On pricing, obviously this is a forecast. It is based on what we think happened, and therefore we were right on why it happened. We think there would be no reason for it to repeat in quarter two. I can’t guarantee that, but we believe that what was happening with this compression and adjustment that had to be made by competitors among their customers ended up affecting us through this contractual arrangement. And we don’t think that has to repeat, and that’s why we’re confident right now that Q2 will come back to more moderate price declines. Okay, so we have a couple of IR announcements as a wrap up. First of all, as we mentioned several times today, we’ll be holding our annual investor day in New York City, February 7, at the same location, Cipriani’s, hopefully with no snow. We will have numerous hands-on demonstrations at our business exhibits, and as I mentioned earlier, we’ll be giving an overview of our growth expectations for 2014. So in addition to myself, we will have our chief executive officer, Wendell Weeks, our new chief technology officer, and three business group leaders, who will be speaking to you about their plans to continue the march up of our earnings growth. It’s going to be very informative, hands on, and I hope you will consider attending in person. To summarize the results of the call, we finished 2013 with a very solid quarter, and achieved our goal of [forming the bottom, marching up], with the year over year earnings growth in every quarter this past year. We completed a major acquisition that we think brings the company and our shareholders numerous benefits, including media accretion and additional cash flows. We’ve continued to improve manufacturing efficiencies and control operating costs in most of our businesses, and ultimately, we grew earnings per share 16% year over year in 2013. Finally, we returned cash to shareholders with our share buyback program and 11% dividend increase. We’re coming into 2014 with expectations for continued growth in sales and even more in earnings. We intend to maintain stable display earnings with moderate price declines, very diligent management of our glass capacity, and continued cost reductions. And the prospects for growth in optical communications, especially materials, environmental and life sciences, are strong.  So stay tuned for more details at our IR meeting next week. Ann? 
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of this call is available beginning at 11 a.m. Eastern time today, and will run until 5 p.m. Eastern on Tuesday, February 11. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 314670. The audiocast, of course, is available on our website during that time. Operator, that concludes our call.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Director, Investor Relations Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman and CFO Wendell Weeks - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Rod Hall - JPMorgan Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Vamsi Mohan - Bank of America Amitabh Passi - UBS Joseph Wolf - Barclays Stephen Parks - Cross Research Jim Suva - Citi Patrick Newton - Stifel Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Third Quarter Results Conference Call. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, division vice president of investor relations.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Lola and good morning. Welcome to Corning's third quarter conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin our formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's SEC reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Flaws: Thanks Ann. Good morning everyone. Today I will be focusing mainly on our results for quarter three and our outlook for quarter four. However, we had a significant announcement last week. So I’ll quickly recap that news and how it fits into our corporate strategy. Corning is a company of long history and a clear strategic framework, which has three main components. First, we grew up primarily through global innovation. Because of our innovation, our operating leverage brings risks, we also work to bring stability and balance to the company with conservative strategies and a broad portfolio of businesses to participate in diverse markets. And finally, we proactively live our values.  Last week, we announced a series of agreements with Samsung that included an expanded technology cooperation and attaining full ownership of SCP. We also announced incremental returns to shareholders with a new stock repurchase program. Last week’s announcement fits very well within our strategic framework. First, it’s an outstanding financial transaction for the company and for our shareholders with strong accretion and increased cash flow. We will be putting that financial strength to work for shareholders immediately with the new buyback program. Second, it strengthens our LCD business worldwide with cost reduction opportunities, provides a simpler go-to-market approach and allows future lower capital spending. It enhances our ability to service all our glass customers, including Specialty Materials, Gorilla Glass customers. It enhances our 40-year relationship with Samsung and it preserves Corning’s independence, allowing us to work with all customers. This slide recaps the major elements of our announcement. Corning will become 100% owner of SCP’s LCD business. We will have a 10-year supply agreement with Samsung for LCD glass. We will expand our collaboration on technology development. Samsung will directly invest $400 million in Corning. And finally, we have authorized $2 billion in an additional share repurchase, which is effective upon closing, which is expected to occur during the first quarter 2014. This new share repurchase will offset the delusion from a common shares embedded in a convertible preferred shares issued to Samsung. Resulting impact to our core financial statements expected to be approximately $2 billion increase in sales, $350 million in incremental NPAT, and additional $500 million per year free cash flow. When you include the impact of the share repurchases, total accretion to EPS on a fully diluted basis is approximately 20% in 2014 and ’15. So before I jump into the quarterly details, I would like to remind you we provide our results on a core earnings basis in order to exclude non-performance-related items and increase transparency of our operating results. Core financial measures are non-GAAP and of course, we continue to report our GAAP results. You can find detail reconciliations on our website outlining the differences between these non-GAAP measures and most directly comparable GAAP measure. Let’s turn to the third quarter. Pleased to say our third quarter results were very strong. We experienced some headwinds in certain portions of the company compared to our expectation entering the quarter. However, thanks to excellent operational execution and cost control, we delivered a fourth consecutive quarter year-over-year strong EPS growth. In total, we delivered 17% growth in NPAT, 18% growth in earnings per share on a 10% increase in sales. Display technologies continues to regain positive momentum. During the quarter, we renewed the contracts that we had announced at this time last year. We think this is a very positive signal for our Display business. LCD glass price declines were again moderate in Q3 as expected. Looking ahead, we expect Q4 price declines to be in the same moderate range as Q3 and our market share remains stable going forward. And our other businesses also performed well during the quarter. Telecom nearly doubled, net income year-over-year and a 24% increase in sales. Specialty Materials has sequential profitability gains driven by Gorilla Glass manufacturing and sales. Life sciences and environmental had year-over-year net income expansion, despite lackluster demand for environmental products and diesel. So, overall, we are pleased with the third quarter. So now I’d like to turn to our quarter three core earnings results. Sales were $2.1 billion, up 10% versus a year ago. Gross margin was 44%, up 1.5 points year-over-year and better than our expectation, driven by additional volume in Display. Gross equity earnings of $121 million were down 30% versus a year ago. As a reminder, the SCP portion of this is at constant yen. I’ll provide more on equity earnings in a few minutes. And our core effective tax rate for Q3 was 18%. We now forecast the full year core effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. Finally, core earnings per share were $0.33, up $0.05 over a year ago. Versus a year ago, SG&A was down in absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales, and RD&E spending was also down as a percentage of sales. Now let’s turn to our segments and I’ll start with Display. We believe the overall glass market was up slightly in the quarter. Sequentially Corning and SCP’s combined volume grew by low single digits. Overall, our market share remained stable. Core sales for Display were $689 million in Q3, an increase of 7% versus last year. Price declines were similar to Q2 and in the range we expected. Core gross equity earnings from our Display equity affiliates, which includes Samsung Corning Precision and also our OLED glass venture Samsung Corning Advanced Glass were $85 million in Q3, a decrease of 40% year-over-year and down 27% sequentially. Lower year-over-year volume of LCD glass, price declines on a higher tax rate impacted SCPs results versus the prior year. The sequential decline was driven by a more moderate sequential price declines and lower intercompany glass sales and some foreign exchange impact. Your modeling purposes Display equity affiliates third quarter, Display glass sales in constant-yen were about $509 million, a decrease of 19% from last year.  As a reminder this represents Eagle XG and Lotus Glass sale only. Our public filings report our Display equity affiliate's total sales, which include various other products. Now we consolidate sales from our acquisition of SCP, we’ll be reporting their LCD Glass sales in our Display technology segment results. Now sales from SCG and other products will remain excluded in the equity earnings from those non-LCD Glass entities will remain in the equity earnings line. Equity earnings from those affiliates would have been immaterial in Q3. Display’s core net income was $304 million down 9% versus last year, however without the equity earnings Display’s net income would have been up approximately 14%. Strong wholly owned results reflect increased sales and solid cost reduction efforts. Our wholly owned Display business increased gross margins slightly on a year-over-year basis. On the supply chain front, we estimate the forward looking weeks of inventory contracted to 16 weeks in quarter three as we expected. This drop is due primarily to the higher seasonal volume in Q4. We expect that the absolute level inventory will decline significantly in Q4 and that forward looking weeks of inventory will be approximately 15.5 weeks at the end of Q4.  Now let me turn to telecom. Q3 sales were $650 million that was up 24% year-over-year and slightly better than our expectation of 20%. Majority of the year-over-year increase was due to career growth in North America and EMEA, as well as enterprise growth in North America, which more than offset year-over-year declines in China fiber sales. China fiber market was softer than expected in Q3 and we believe this will continue through Q4. I give some more detail on this in our outlook. The consolidation of previous equity affiliates and small acquisition also contributed to sales growth year-over-year. Telecom’s year-over-year net income was up 86%, earnings improvement was driven by the higher volume and also cost reductions in manufacturing and asset management.  Environmental Q3 sales were down 3% year-over-year and slightly below our expectations. Light duty diesel sales were down versus last year in the week European auto market and the U.S. Class A truck demanded retail and [Belgrade] remain soft. Light duty substrate sales were consistent with quarter three over a year ago. And despite the Environmental sales decline, net income was up 19% year-over-year driven by improved manufacturing performance in cost reductions and operating expense.  Now Specialty Materials, Q3 sales were up 8% sequentially as expected and they really delivered on a sequential growth target in the quarter. This is down approximately from 10% last year due to our continued working off of extra supply chain inventory that was built during Q4 of 2012. We've been dealing with this work off of inventory every quarter this year and expect to be pass the issue after Q4. The good news is at a consumption level plus usage going to retail has been up more than 30% this year. Core net income was consistent with last year, Gorilla Glass manufacturing improvements offset year-over-year segment sales decline. We’re very, very pleased with the improvement in Gorilla manufacturing efficiency over the last several quarters.  In Life Sciences, Q3 sales were up 39% year-over-year due to the additional sales from the Discovery Labware acquisition, which closed on October, 31 last year. The year-over-year core net income was up a 156%. After one full year of ownership we’re very happy with the progress of the Discovery Labware integration and its positive impact on our earnings. Now, we did feel some effects of the continuing government sequestration in this business. We estimate the impact on sales in the quarter was somewhere between $5 million and $10 million. Now turning to Dow Corning, gross equity earnings for silicones were $28 million in Q3, consistent with last year better than expected, driven by some favorable one-items of approximately $14 million. Sales were down slightly year over year, and pricing issues continued primarily in Asia. Although we are not including Hemlock in our core earnings this year, Hemlock was cash flow positive. And we have been encouraged by some elements of Hemlock’s performance. Our balance sheet is strong. We ended the third quarter with $5.4 billion in cash and short-term investments was about $1.6 billion of that in total United States. Our net cash position is $2.6 billion. Capital spending was $244 million in the quarter. We will now expect our total capital spending for the year to be $1.1 billion, down from our previous forecast of $1.3 billion. Free cash flow for the quarter was $268 million. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation GAAP can be found on our website. You may recall late April, we had announced 11% common stock dividend and a new $2 billion stock buyback program. During quarter three, we purchased -- repurchased $209 million of our stock. Year-to-date purchases on the April program are $441 million. So now I’ll turn to our outlook. As we mentioned in our pre-release last week, quarter four has normally had some seasonal downticks in several of our businesses. Long-time followers of Corning know that telecom pattern is usually seasonally down in Q4. Now last year 2012, we did not follow that pattern due to Hurricane Sandy in the NBN ramp in Australia. However, we are expecting a normal seasonal downturn in telecom this year. And that will be amplified by some specific items in telecom and other businesses. These are likely to result lower sequential earnings. Also embedded in this outlook is our expectation of a slight pullback on Display glass demand versus Q3. We did not experience that pullback in quarter four of 2012. Our year-over-year earnings comparison will be influenced for some of the same reasons but also for some different ones. We had a significant supply chain inventory building, Gorilla Glass in quarter four last year, that will not repeat. So I’ll turn to Display outlook. We start with the current view of the end market 2013. Expected retail market is measured in square feet of glass to be up mid-to-high single digits. Right now, it currently looks tracking to be at the high end of that forecast. This is predominantly driven by the increase in the average screen size of televisions. Worldwide units sales of 50-inch plus televisions are up 93% year-to-date. The television market in China continues to meet our expectations. Sales of television to Chinese National Day holiday were as we expected. Many industry analysts are describing the sales in China at the back half of this year is disappointing. Please recall that we had forecasted the end of the China Television subsidy and for retail sell through, area demand area to be up only 5% in the second half. Now let me turn to quarter four. For the LCD glass market will be down slightly. We expect our wholly own Display business in SCP combined volumes to be down slightly from Q3 but shares remain stable. Inventory buildup from earlier this year is expected to feed the high-retail demand in Q4. In lower panel maker utilizations, we expect the supply chain inventory to reduce by approximately half a week from 16 weeks of inventory to 15.5. We estimate LCD glass price declines to be moderate in Q4 and a similar moderate rate to Q3. I’ll spend a little extra time on telecom’s forecast today to make sure you understand the current dynamics. Recall last year, our telecom sales in Q4 did not decline sequentially because of the disaster recovery efforts from Hurricane Sandy increased quarter four 2012 sales in North America and fiber-to-the-home sales to NBN ramp strongly quarter four a year ago. In contrast this year our sales in North America were actually in all-time high in Q3. Our fiber-to-the-home sales in Australia's NBM initiative were expected to ramp over the course of 2013 versus 2012. The construction delays have gotten worse since the lower the ramp. So we expect Q4 sales in Australia to be down significantly year-over-year. Worldwide carrier sales are expected to be up 10% versus last year. The fiber market in 2013 has not materialized as we had expected. Optical fiber market had grown by an average volume of 16% through last decade and had set record high for each of the last six years. We had expected 5% to 10% market growth for 2013, but now I believe that 2013 fiber market will be flat. North America declined more than expected. China is flat and we have served contractions since some other key markets.  While we are still assessing our view of the 2014 market, inventory has been increasing in certain locations due to the flat 2013 market demand. So for quarter four, we expect telecom sales to be down low single digits versus last year and total for the year we expect 5% sales growth in telecom driven primarily by fiber-to-the-home in enterprise projects. Environmental we expect Q4 sales to up slightly verses Q4 of 2012, driven by heavy duty diesel market in China and Europe. We believe that China -- regulation in Europe and China will lead to growth and demand for heavy duty diesel products as we enter 2014. Full year sales environmental segment are expected to be down approximately 5% year-over-year driven by the softness in light duty diesel market in Europe and heavy duty diesel in North America.  Specialty material sales are expected to be consistent sequentially, but down 20% year-over-year in Q4 due to inflated Q4 in 2012 by previously mentioned inventory building in Gorilla Glass. Expected advanced optics sales to be up year-over-year as demand for semi-conductor industry continues to improve. Gorilla Glass sales are down year-over-year due to IT handheld supply chain over built in Q4 of 2012. This chart shows the Cover Glass sales volume versus industry consumption (inaudible) being handheld square feet. In Q4 demand is up nicely year-over-year, but the overbuilding Q4 of 2012 puts our volume down versus last year. Gorilla Glass 2013 sales volume is expected to be down 15% for us due to the fact of last year's inventory build. Adding to that decline is a lower -- Large Cover Glass sales year-over-year. The full year expects specialty material sales to be down in mid-single digits driven by the impact in the supply chain build up and lower demand for Large Cover Glass. However, Gorilla profitability improved nicely this year and we expect net income to be up slightly. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be down 10% year-over-year, mostly due to the full three months of added sales from acquisition versus the partial quarter of 2012, as I say down and up 10%. Dow Corning expects earnings from its silicon segment to be similar to Q3. We expected Core gross margin to be consistent year-over-year at 42%. SG&A is expected to be 15% of sales and R&D 9% of sales. Core equity earnings expected to be down about 20% versus last year. SCP is expected to be the main drivers caused by year-over-year price in volume decline. We expect our Core effective tax rate for 2013 to be about 17% and that concludes my opening comments. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. Lola, we'll open the lines now for questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operators instructions) First we'll go to the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Yeah, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to pick off Jim with maybe a little bit of further color inventory. I mean the inventory was pretty volatile this year. We sort of got to the reduction that you'd call for at the end of the year or at the beginning of this year, but it's more than I think you guys were anticipating and I just wonder if you could talk about the sustainability of these inventory levels in 2014, kind of what should we feel be expecting to have a reduction over 2014 or do you think we hold the key level, just kind of what you are thinking there. And then also on the CapEx, just a clarification, are you guys into new CapEx number now including the elimination of that Chinese plant bill or is that still yet to come? And then on optical, if you could just talk a little bit about, if there is any more color you could give us in terms of what’s going on in North America, is this is a single carrier effect that you are seeing or is it more broad based in terms of what’s happening with optical fiber demand? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: Okay. That’s a lot of questions. So on inventory in the Display industry, inventory in absolute terms build as we march through quarter one and quarter two significantly and somewhat in quarter three. At the end of quarter two, we got to 18 weeks and now we are at 16. As we do that, we are always forward looking. So the drop from 18 to 16 really reflects the fact that Q4 forward-looking volumes are always so much higher. In quarter four, what we expect is the absolute non-inventory drop and we looked in the forward looking relative to Q1, I think we will be a little below 16 at 15.5. It’s our expectation right now that there is no reason for the inventory to be very different from this 15.5 to 16, frankly our precision our accuracy and ability to do that for week is pretty suspect. But I would say we are delighted by the fact that we think we are back about 16 level and maybe 15.5, because as you know we didn’t like being at 18. Relative to the CapEx question, Rod, the 1.1 is the forecast for this year and you may recall that China Television plant was never in Corning wholly owned numbers. So you would not be seeing that in any of the guidance that we would have been talking about. The drop from 1.3 to 1.1 reflects two elements. One, we are always a little slower in capital spending than what we think we are going to be. And the second, we are teasing given in the slightly moderate -- more moderate sales growth than what we expected, that’s probably split about half and a half. But the China is not a factor in that at all. Wendell, you want to comment on optical North America?
Wendell Weeks: Sure. In North America, what we saw that this year we ended the stimulus program and that is what has led to the lower volume levels. We had expected that -- we did expect the stimulus to add and the volumes to drop as a result. But it was what base when it return to and we had expected the base to show a little more growth from what we are currently forecasting. On a longer-term basis, we are pretty bullish on North America. If you are a close watcher of the space, you would have seen comments from major carrier on that getting more aggressive on fiber-to-the-home, which we take as very encouraging.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. The pricing Display glass seems to have been moderate for a numerous quarters now and returns from the strong partner and important shareholder. Can we call victory on pricing -- little moderate pricing pre-sale, perhaps what’s been the response from non-Samsung customers? And if that’s the swing factor to watch in terms of pricing as we move into 2014. And then changing to overall early lead as we look into next year, how you feel about global demand for Display glass? And then, Wendell, just a follow-up on your question, if the fiber may have peaked due to these lack of stimulus now here in North America and if I look at some of the big projects overseas that seems to be winding down, how should we think about demand for fiber, is that just kind of a trough here that we should be intriguing to? Thank you.
Jim Flaws: I’ll start and then turn over to Wendell. On pricing for LCD glass, I don’t think you can declare permanent victory. We have to remain ever vigilant about this, but we are obviously delighted by what you mentioned, Mark, with a number of quarters were down, had a moderate level. I’d call your attention also to something we announced this morning and that is the renewal of the agreements that we announced last October, which had the structure of certain customers where our position was determined by the contract and the pricing would be related and that customer would be done by what the competition is of that customer. We are very excited to have those be renewed for this upcoming year of 2014. In some cases, we now have contracts that extend beyond 2014. So I'll never, in spite of all [retrieve] that we really made a lot of progress. Let me take the early read on 2014 and then I'll turn it over to you for the comments on what other customers are saying about the Samsung agreement. Our early read right now Mark is that we're heading into 2014 in a pretty good position in Display, if our expectation is right that there is a little pullback in utilization in Q4 at panel makers, we think that makes the inventory situation being very good heading into next year. And we continue to feel that, television sales will be strong. For us, it's all about size and as I reported we're seeing great year-over-year demand in large size televisions. And so, we're feeling pretty good about our early read on 2014 of for LCD.  Wendell do you want to comment about reaction from other customers
Wendell Weeks: I would say so far the reaction from other customers to our recent series of agreements with Samsung has been positive. I leave after the conference call today on a world tour to spend some time with (inaudible) face-to-face. But so far the reaction has been positive. We may view it as an enhancement of our ability to act independently across the globe and then that taking it as a positive. So more to come, once again we're vigilant on those items, in the end it will be our ability to innovate for them and serve them well that will keep them loyal with us. You also had a question on telecom I want to make sure I understand it. You are asking that, are we entering a slower period for telecom in the upcoming year, was that what you were asking?
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets:  Yes. Since the (inaudible) is one down here and some of the margin projects overseas seems to have peaked, we see long people or we see growth again maybe into 2015.
Wendell Weeks:  We're just putting together our view of that. I would say we have some opposing practice in terms of fiber volume, then I find that hypothesis that you are laying out has some merit in terms of fiber volume that a lot of it all pivots around China. And this year China was relatively flat in terms of fiber volume demand. And China can be okay as it looks forward. But I think your hypothesis has some merit on fiber demand, I think on overall telecom sales though it's a little different. We're seeing an awful lot of strength in enterprise those were all of our data center built machine and awful lot of strength in our wireless product set. So I think telecom sales are about a lot more than fiber volume. So I don't know that your hypothesis holds for overall telecom sales. Does that make sense to you?
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. That's helpful. Thank you and good luck gentleman. 
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Vamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Vamsi Mohan - Bank of America:  Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Jim, can you bridge the SCP equity income between Q2 and Q3. It looks like it's down from $117 million to $85 million, that's a 25% or so decline, was there incremental share loss there. And roughly what percent of SCP capacity is correctly unutilized and I will follow up?
Jim Flaws: So in quarter one and two we are averaging about $125 million net come, in quarter three we're $85 million and probably be about $80 million in quarter four, so there clearly is a step down, we've known this for a while. The impact is we continue to have price erosion and unlike our wholly owned business, we have no volume growth and actually have a little bit of volume decline. It is not a share loss. Share remains the same it has been at both our large customers in Korea.  We did have some other impacts, some of the strength and income at SCP in earlier part of the year was actually they are making product and selling it through us under our old agreement. And you may recall that we've told in the first half of the year, a wholly owned business is relatively full. So we had SCP make product for us and under the old agreement they kept the majority of those profits. There also was a little FX impact in this quarter, but fundamentally not a share loss. But just there is not growth in demand in Korea right now and prices go down there and that impacted and we are not having them make product for us. And obviously this all resets when we get to the deal closing. Then we can use the worldwide capacity most efficiently. Relative to your comment on capacity in Korea, we have a significant amount offline there, but that significant amount offline comes about from what happened in the fourth quarter 2011 when the LG shares stepped down dramatically. So that’s where we have a big opportunity to use those very efficient tanks going forward.
Vamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Thanks. And as a follow-up, given the utilization rate cuts at panel makers that you alluded to? Can you talk about if you are taking this opportunity to also cut utilization rates in Display and what the anticipated gross margin impact from such cuts could be? Thank you.
Jim Flaws: You are seeing the gross margin impact in our corporate guidance which was down for the quarter that’s driven primarily by Display, some by Telecom. We have an enormous sequence of tank repairs coming up, so we will take advantage of those repairs that will allow us to throttle back a little. I do want to emphasize that this pull back from panel makers that we are talking about is not a significant one. We are talking about the -- our volume in Q3 down only a small percent, in Q4 to only a small percentages versus Q3. So it’s not a big deal but it is down.
Wendell Weeks: Yeah. I would characterize it -- it’s really a feathering as we come out to that end of the year and the degree of precision on whether or not we will -- how much we will feather is in the pretty precision area. So this is subtle move. It’s not a significant move.
Vamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Thanks Wendell. I mean, but if I could just follow up to that, I mean, to get to a two to three-week reduction in inventory, that’s quite a material amount in inventory weeks. What sort of TV units sell-through, would you need for that inventory weak number to for a large sized TVs would you need to -- for that inventory number to move down by two to three weeks? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Vamsi, I don’t think you realized that we have already achieved couple of weeks because of the forward looking. But as you know the television demand jumps up seasonally dramatically, in the square footage at retail in Q4 versus Q3 in absolute square feet goes up by 33% driven by the seasonality, primarily in North America and somewhat in Europe because of the holidays and obviously large sales -- large sized television of that. But we always see that type of seasonality. But we are -- it is that increase of a couple of 100 million square feet at retail, it gets pulled out of supply chain that causes the absolute number to come down.
Vamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks, Wendell.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi, guys. I had a couple of questions as well. Jim, Wendell, for you this year, you talked about re-upping or renewing your contract. I was wondering if you can update us in terms of whether there were any changes and in even market share or pricing assumptions? And then, Jim, I wanted to confirm, if I look at your fourth quarter guidance? Do you anticipate core EPS to be down year-over-year. I wasn’t sure what you said about OpEx? And then my final question was just on the Gorilla Glass guidance? I would have expected a seasonal uptick in the fourth quarter, so just surprised that you are guiding sales to be sequentially flat? Thanks.
Jim Flaws: So Gorilla being sequentially flat, we did have some new model launches in Q3. I think there is a possibility, it could go up a little, but right now we are thinking it’s flat sequentially. You wanted to comment on the renewal of the contracts and the terms?
Wendell Weeks: Sure. So we are really happy that to come to renewals to extend those contracts at least to the end of 2014. As Jims said, some of them now stretch beyond that. On -- in all of them, these are not market share gaining moves, these are market share stabilization move, so no change in our share at these customers and no change in the pricing mechanism.
Jim Flaws: Now I’ll finish up with your question about core EPS. Since you know we don’t give official EPS guidance. Our hope would be to have -- be flat sequentially but it’s possible with this down draft in Telecom because of the year-over-year seasonality we’re having this year, didn’t have last year and the fact that we don’t have any inventory build than Gorilla that we had last year, that we could be lower year-over-year on core EPS. 
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay, perfect. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Next we’ll go through line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays. 
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Hi, thanks for taking a couple of questions. Just quickly one on the CapEx with the reduction of about $200 million, how sure we’re thinking about a catch up next year or is it too early to think about that based on what’s changing given the Samsung deal? And then on the cover glass, you mentioned that the -- some of the large sizes were down and that turned some of the results. Could you talk about new opportunities that you may be seeing for Large Cover Glass maybe new designs or things that are out there for 2014?
Jim Flaws: Yeah, I’ll start up by the CapEx. The couple of $100 million being down, we’re not expecting that we will see a big role over into next year. We’re still holding right now our forecast of 13 for the next year. That excludes what would be the impact of consolidating Samsung, but I remind you when we consolidate Samsung’s ongoing capital and we do get the benefit of all their cash flow. But right now we’re expecting to be about 13 next year also. Wendell, you want to talk about Large Cover Glass?
Wendell Weeks: Yes. So we continue to work at a number of different opportunities for Large Cover Glass. I think you’ll understand if I don’t speculate directly on the timing of those and the like. However we’re presuming them in both consumer electronics and non-consumer electronics applications. We’re not counting on a big surge in the near term, but we believe that long term there is a strong opportunity within and like, large area covers. 
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go through Stephen Parks with Cross Research.
Stephen Parks - Cross Research: Good morning. Just a follow up on the Gorilla Glass question, what changed between Q3 and Q4 because it seems like Q4 is a little bit weaker than you would have thought just a few months ago and then secondly given my understanding of what you’re saying about sell through of Gorilla Glass to retail level, is it to assume that once this inventory corrections are over that you’re still working for that type of growth next year? Thank you.
Jim Flaws: So I don’t think there’s been a real change (inaudible) from our point of view on Gorilla. We’ve been dealing with the inventory work off all year long, but if you -- the consumption cycle can vary by depending one moral roll ups happen. But clearly year-over-year consumption quarter four versus or '12 versus this year is up, so we feel pretty good about that sequence and that consumption level last year quarter four was down from quarter three just like it is slightly this year. We believe that we’ll be finished working off this pile of inventory that was built in quarter four last year after quarter four and the thing that we’re interested in is the growth of IT and handheld and roll out a touch on notebook should drive year-over-year growth for Gorilla next year.
Wendell Weeks: So as we think about it Steve, I think the -- at the end market level, we’re seeing phones that are touch enabled up about 25% this year and tablets up about 30% and we see continued nice growth next year. I think though the --- always the challenging thing about forecasting quarter-to-quarter in Gorilla is the relatively long and complicated supply chain. Having Jim hit on, the good news which is, we believed that as we get through the fourth quarter of this year we will have worked to the last of the overhang of the over ordering from our customers in quarter four of last year. But I totally hear you, the supply chain, given its length and complexity can be difficult to forecast in any given quarter but the year-over-year trends at the consumption level continue to look good to us, Steve.
Stephen Parks - Cross Research: That’s totally fair. And then just one very quick follow-up, did you wind up shipping as much as you though into the touch notebook market for the second half of the year or how would you describe that? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Our Touch on notebook, I think there is couple of areas. First of all, the overall penetration touch into notebooks has ended up being less than what we had thought it would be at the beginning of the year. Some of this has to do with the some of the challenges of Windows 8, some of it has to do with some of the challenges of what will notebooks work like with touch. Will they be convertible or will they just be notebooks that work just like a notebook but I can touch it to. And all of that I don't think has yet been work through with the clear product concepts by our brands. So I think the penetration is certainly lower than what we would have thought at the beginning of the year and the notebooks continue to be priced and volume challenged. We do believe that this will be overcome that touch will be an important part of notebooks going forward and that ultimately about half of them will be touch enabled. And what we’ll continue to do is work to devise product that makes that more compelling product as well as to deal with some of the lower end and attack of lesser materials because of the incredible price sensitivity of these notebooks and that no one is yet to find the way to turn touch into a compelling price feature.
Stephen Parks - Cross Research: Great. That’s all very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we go to line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citi: Hi. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a question, on this acquisition of SCP, you laid down the 20% accretion. Can you talk a little bit about the implied buyback timing or character assumption under that. Is it for the whole $2 billion to be employed like on the very early part of the year or average through the year and what is Corning’s intention for that large stock buyback for the timing?
Wendell Weeks: So we said 20%, we said approximately but our intent is to get those shares taken out of the market as soon as we can. So we have made a final decision on what we are doing in terms of whether we’re doing to accelerate stock repurchase program or not. As soon as we do make that decision, we’ll let you know, but our desire is to get them out of the share account for 2014.
Jim Suva - Citi: Back to start. It sounds like in other words not average through the year rather very front end of this. So you can get the EPS benefit for the whole longevity of the year rather than spreading it gradually over the year. Is that correct?
Wendell Weeks: That would be our tendency to try to lean that way.
Jim Suva - Citi: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we’ll go to the line of Patrick Newton with Stifel.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Thanks for taking my question. I guess, first one for Jim or Wendell, I guess pertaining to your LCD price mechanisms been in place now for about four quarters and your announced renewal. I’m curious if you could discuss any competitive responses you have seen during this -- during this time?
Wendell Weeks: Well, we try not to applying to much on what our competitors are doing but what’s happen for us on moderate price decline has obviously been influenced on those customers where we have these clauses on what our competitors do can have an impact. But I think overall the industry has seen moderate price declines, but I won’t comment more detail about our competitors. You obviously can look at your public statements.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: All right. And then I guess on SCP, the $350 million in incremental income that you've guided to and implied the continued erosion of fundamentals at SCP relative to even the most reported quarter or the most recently reported quarter. I guess can you help us understand what to do comfort that these fundamentals are going to stabilize and what kind of thought process is behind you achieving your targeted $2 billion in free cash flow for the next four years?
Jim Flaws: I start out by saying we do expect erosion to continue at SCP in quarter four. And once we take over, we believe that we’ll have the ability to manage that operation in a way that we can stop the erosion. And so we expect to get synergies from better utilization of the world wide set of tanks that we have. We’ll be able to get out of some high cost facilities. We will -- we do expect volume growth next year. In a way, we’ll be thinking about this as -- we’ll no longer be telling you what SCP is. We’ll be telling you what our worldwide LCD business is and also our Gorilla business. Remember, this year we’ve been dealing with Gorilla basically not having the growth we expected because of the overhang of inventory. We’ll now get that growth again because we’re matching the consumption level and that’s got to come out of tanks that we need to operate and so that’s where we’re going to get some of the benefits going forward. But we’re pretty confident that we’ll be able to achieve that $350 million incremental.
Wendell Weeks: I think, if we just take a look at the fundamentals here, we expect Korea has a market, the two customers in Korea to be relatively stable. They have been and we expect them to continue to. We’re quite happy with our market share in Korea and our customer share at both of those players. So for us, the acquisition is about cost reduction and being able to utilize that low cost capacity to deserve our growing other customer bases around the globe and that’s where that real stabilization comes from on the financials. To your first question, I would just amplify what Jim said is for us, these customer agreements aren’t about our competitors, they’re about our customers. And approaching, one of the main reasons that we’ve extended them is that we have noted and our customers have noted that it has significantly improved our ability to focus on what really matters to our customers around innovation, service, quality et cetera and it has taken the whole tone of our dialog and focused it on how do we improve each other’s situations in a more integrated way. So that’s one of the main reasons that we have extended it.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: All right, thank you very much. And I guess just last one for me Jim is on Gorilla to make sure I understand what you are implying. It seems like you are now looking for flat to slightly up Gorilla revenue year-over-year given the 4Q guidance. And as recently last quarter, I believe you reiterated a 10% year-over-year Gorilla growth. You’ve been aware of the inventory issues now for several quarters. I’m curious it sounds like something on the demand side is kind of a delta between what you expected last quarter versus the new guidance. Am I reading the growth rate correctly? And if you could elaborate a little bit on what changed sequentially outside of the inventory? Thank you. 
Jim Flaws: I’m struggling following your numbers for Gorilla.
Wendell Weeks: I think this may be best if -- while we’re pausing here, are you talking about the consumption level that you saw on that slide or are you talking about our sell in?
Patrick Newton - Stifel: If you can tell about your revenue recognition on Gorilla, I think by my math we don’t have an absolute number for 3Q. But I believe you said your guidance is flat on a revenue basis for Gorilla sequentially.
Jim Flaws: No, we said flat volume I believe. 
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Flat volume, okay. Well, that helps explain, I have to go and recheck with my math. But in essence, I guess that 10% number year-over-year growth I’m assuming is coming down slightly?
Jim Flaws: 10% in, what?
Patrick Newton - Stifel:  You originally guided to Gorilla Glass or just revenue to grow 10% year-over-year in 2013?
Wendell Weeks:  That was a long time ago.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Because recently you last quarter you implied that was still…
Jim Flaws: It could have been sequential. I think we are probably best serve here. Maybe if you and Ian can do a follow-up and think of the -- and just think of the models, make sure we’re not plugged and passed each other. I think we are probably best serve by that and what more we are talking past each other.
Patrick Newton - Stifel: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to the line of Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Yeah. I’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about -- you talked about 2014 and your expectation for TVs a little bit. What type of volume growth in glass should we be thinking about for 2014?
Wendell Weeks: But we haven’t given official guidance yet for the market for next year. But I think that we’d be expecting probably directionally the glass demand in the absence of inventory shifts that we are not expecting, so it would be again in the upper single digits.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. And the inventory situation in Gorilla, is that -- is that one customer or is that multiple customers?
Wendell Weeks: Multiple Customers. 
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Multiple customers. Okay. And I just want to clarify, I may have missed, EPS growth was a little confusing. I thought you said flat quarter-on-quarter but then you came back and said year-over-year it could be flat. So, I just want to be clear, are you talking year-over-year or are you talking sequentially could be flat or slightly down
Wendell Weeks:  We said sequentially, EPS could be down and we said that year-over-year, EPS could be flat or slightly down.
Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to the line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks very much. Just on the contract renegotiation. It seems like you guys completed that a bit earlier than last year and also for a longer-term, and also it seems like this year you didn’t have a price reset like you said last year, and all of this in the context of what seems to be an environment with a little excess inventory in the supply chain than what we had last year. So, is there anything we can read into that as far as Corning having a better structural or competitive position relative to a year ago?
Wendell Weeks: Timing was identical to a year ago. But we said, you are referring to was the impact of the first initiation of this, as we had to get kind of reset in quarter four as a result of the agreement. But the timing was identical for those.
Jim Flaws: I think I would add. I think what you should read into it is that our customers are really delighted with the agreements. And so they like the way in which this allows us to work together and I think that’s why it seems like such a come easy event, is it something that our customers really want to do.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs:  Got it. But, also it does seems extended for a longer period of time. It seems last year was just a one year extension or contract and this year it seems to have been for a longer?
Wendell Weeks: So it’s a real mix by the customers and what we -- what our customer do is pick what they like and we were willing to agree to that. I think if we were willing, we probably could have gone even longer with more customers. But as, Jim, said for us, this takes cost and vigilance in each of these moves as we try to measure twice.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. And then just a quick on Gorrilla, can you just characterize the competitive environment there and whether that has played any factor into the slightly lower expectations?
Wendell Weeks: So really we haven’t see much change in the competitive environment. So it’s not a market share issue for us in any of the major brands. We continue to feel very good about our share. Now that being said, there is more growth in the very low end piece of the smartphone market or sort of white goods and for tablets, the know named tablets in China. And these are phones for instance that sell for like less than $150. In that area, we have not penetrated as highly as you would normally expect us to. But our competition there is not from other alumino-silicate glasses. It’s from just thin window glass with chem. exchanged. So what we’re doing now is we’re taking a look at what should we do in that market segment to compete against the very low end product that really -- we haven’t seen since the very beginning of the cover -- glass effort so long ago in handheld and tablet. We defeated that as an inferior material. And now we’ve got to figure out how to address it in a market segment that is addressing a different piece of the market. So the way I’m looking at, that’s a really nice opportunity. Sorry for the long answer, but I thought maybe a more wholesome answer would be helpful to you.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: No, that was very helpful. Thank you.
Ann Nicholson: Okay, we’ve got time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly and that will come from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Two questions; first, Jim you talked about the demand for 2014. I just wanted to hear you thoughts on what is your early read on supply in terms of the glass. We have talked about capacity being taken off line, but is there any early thought into how the supply is going to be for next year? And then I have a follow up.
Jim Flaws: So we think glass supply remains relatively stable. We’ve seen disciplined behavior by the glass industry including ourselves. So we’re not expecting any change in glass price as we head into 2014.
Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray: And as a follow up, just wanted to -- you did say that the inventory is going to be finished up by the end of Q4 for Specialty Materials. So I was just thinking about -- as we look at 2014 and as you start to roll out new products, how should we be thinking about growth rates for these new products potentially driving year-over-year growth in Specialty Materials for 2014 or it should we still expect consumer devices to be the -- the mobile devices to be the main driver here? Thank you.
Wendell Weeks: I think you should continue to think about the mobile devices to be the main driver. I think you’ll see some touch on notebook improve as well. And most of the other areas around was format and other applications are going to be sort of slower moving as opposed to the speed you see out of mobile consumer electronics.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Jagadish. Jim? 
Jim Flaws: Just to wrap up comments, first on investor relation events; we’ll be attending the UBS Technology Conference on November 20 in a new location Sausalito, California. And second, we’ll have a group at the Credit Suisse Technology Conference on December 3 in Scottsdale. A brief summary of the highlights of the call; we remain very excited about last week’s announcement on the purchase of the remainder of SCP LCD business. We’re looking forward to closing the quarter one and realizing the synergies that Wendell was talking about from the integration. I think we’re delighted by our performance in Q3, strong results across all of our businesses. We’re expecting just normal seasonality in Q4, but obviously additional headwinds from China fiber demand. We are very happy with the progress return to positive momentum in Display, combining the synergies of the deal with Q4 moderate price declines and now the vast majority of our 2014 volume under contract should continue that momentum. For the company, we feel we’ve got fundamentals in our businesses that are solid. And lastly for you as shareholders, we’re very committed to continue to return more cash towards you. Ann? 
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim and thank you all for joining us today. Playback of the call is available beginning at 11 o’clock eastern today and will run until 5 PM eastern on Wednesday, November 13. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 304926. And the audiocast of course is available on our website during that time. All of that concludes the call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Director of Investor Relations James Flaws - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets  Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rod Hall - JPMorgan  Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus  Steven Fox - Cross Research Brian White - Topeka Jim Suva - Citigroup  Amitabh Passi - UBS  Joseph Wolf - Barclays Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs  Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley  Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated second quarter 2013 earnings results. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ms. Ann Nicholson, division vice president of investor relations. 
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's second quarter conference call. With me today is Jim Flaws, vice chairman and chief financial officer. Before Jim begins his formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's SEC reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Flaws : Thanks, Ann. Good morning everyone. Our priority over the last 18 months has been to reestablish positive momentum in our display technologies segment and also to grow our other businesses. We had a very strong second quarter, delivering our third consecutive quarter of year over year double digit EPS growth. We further stabilized our display technology business and achieved growth in our telecom, specialty materials, and life science businesses.  Display continues to regain positive momentum. LCD glass price declines were less than in quarter one, and in the range we expected. Looking ahead, we expect Q3 price declines to be in the same moderate range as Q2, and our market share remains stable going forward. Combined with our new product developments and cost performance, we are delighted with display’s results in 2013, and we are growing our four other businesses. All four provided solid operation results, collectively contributing to sales growth and 40% higher net income on a year over year basis. In total, with sales and gross margin up and S&A down, we delivered an additional $0.06 of EPS to the bottom line year over year, despite the weaker equity company earnings. This is a significant achievement against our commitment to investors to return the company to earnings growth.  We believe three consecutive quarters of double digit year over year growth and an outlook for continued year over year earnings growth in quarter three provides solid evidence that our strategy is working.  Now, before we jump into the details, I’d like to remind you that last quarter we began reporting our results as core earnings in order to exclude non-performance-related items and increase the transparency of the operating results. It excludes two significant items, yen exchange rate fluctuations and the results of the polysilicon segment of Corning’s affiliate Dow Corning Corporation and several other items such as acquisition costs, restructuring charges, and pension adjustments. We report our results at a constant yen exchange rate of 93. As a reminder, we chose the 93 rate because of the hedging we did that lasts through 2014. To further reduce the impact of yen exchange rate fluctuations, core earnings exclude the impact of translation for the yen to dollar exchange rate and purchase collars, and beginning in quarter two it also excludes the yen-related transactions, specifically yen-denominated transaction hedges. Removing the impact of these transaction hedges reduces our core EPS by about $0.01 in the first and second quarter of 2013. It also reduces our previous estimate of 2012 core earnings. A new 2012 summary and a 2011 core earnings non-GAAP reconciliation will be available on our website. Our core earnings are non-GAAP financial measures and of course we continue to report our GAAP results. And please refer to the GAAP reconciliations on our website. Ann Nicholson in investor relations will be available after today’s call to answer any questions you have about the financial reconciliations. Now I’d like to turn to our quarter two core earnings results. Our second quarter sales were $2 billion, up 11% versus a year ago. Gross margin was 43%, up 2 points year over year and better than our expectations. Specialty materials and telecom had particularly good margin growth versus last year. Gross equity earnings of $173 million were down 18% versus a year ago. As a reminder, the SCP portion of this is at constant yen. I’m going to provide more color on equity earnings in a few minutes. Our core effective tax rate for Q2 was 16.6%. Core earnings per share were $0.32, up $0.06 over a year ago. Remember core performance reports the results at a constant yen exchange rate of 93. Better operating performance drove the core EPS improvement over analysts’ consensus. EPS as stated here is a non-GAAP measure, and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website.  Now, versus a year ago, SG&A was down in absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales, and [RD&E] spending was also down as a percentage of sales. Now let me go into our detailed quarter two segment results, and I’ll start with display.  Our view is the overall LCD glass market was up slightly in the quarter. Sequentially, Corning and SCP’s combined volume grew by mid single digits, with volume in the wholly owned display business up mid to high single digits and SCP volume up low single digits. Overall, our market share remains stable. Core sales for display were $670 million in Q2, an increase of 21% versus last year. Price declines were less than the first quarter in the range we expected. Gross equity earnings, also measured at a constant yen from our display equity affiliates were $117 million in Q2, a decrease of 19% year over year. For your modeling purposes, display equity affiliates’ second quarter display glass sales in constant yen were about $564 million, a decrease of 12% from last year. As a reminder, this represents display glass sales only. Our public filings will report our display equity affiliates’ total sales, which include other products. I think it’s important to also call out year over year volumes. SCP volume in Q2 was consistent year over year, reflecting Korean panel makers’ relatively constant utilizations with low capacity additions. Our wholly owned business volume was up more than 40% versus last year, primarily reflecting the strong growth in the Chinese market as well as worldwide large sized television demand. Display’s core net income was up 11% versus Q2 of 2012. Results reflect increased sales and solid cost reduction efforts over the last year, resulting in consistent percent gross margin. The ability to maintain gross margins through cost reduction is a significant part of display’s plans to reestablish positive momentum. Now on the supply chain front, we estimate inventories grew to 18 weeks in Q2, up from 17 at the end of Q1. As a reminder, inventory was 18.7 at the end of Q2 last year. We continue to monitor inventory but several factors are at play driving the increase.  First, we believe the share count inventory floor, or minimum carrying level to [unintelligible] has increased. Screen size proliferation by panel makers has increased the number of models carried at retail and therefore the absolute amount of inventory in the supply chain. We also believe the supply chain may need more inventory for growing emerging markets. I’ll comment more on the supply chain in our outlook section.  Now turning to telecom, Q2 sales were $601 million, up 8% year over year. The majority of the year over year increase was due to Australia’s NDN project ramp, growth in wireless, and fiber cable and data center projects in China. Those offset the year over year decline we saw in Europe. Sales beat our expectations, driven by stronger fiber at home projects in North America. Sales grew 28% sequentially, driven by an increase in demand for nearly all products in all regions, particularly North American fiber to the home in Canada and China fiber and cable. An acquisition in Brazil and the consolidation of a previous small equity affiliate also contributed to sequential and year over year growth.  Telecom’s year over year net income was up 62%. Earnings improvement was driven by the higher volume, as well as cost reductions in manufacturing and SG&A. Quarter two was telecom’s highest sales and net income quarter in more than a decade. Now, moving to environmental, Q2 sales were down 8% year over year, and actually slightly below our expectations. You will recall that the first half of 2012 heavy duty truck sales were very robust, and we were actually sold out. Since then, the U.S. class A truck demand at retail and build rates have softened. Our heavy duty diesel sales were down versus last year, and were the main driver of the division sales performance. Light duty substrate sales were up slightly versus Q2 of 2012. We do expect a slight uptick in heavy duty diesel sales in the coming quarters, and I’ll comment more on that in the outlook. Now, despite the environmental year over year sales decline, net income was actually consistent year over year, driven by strong operational execution in the auto business, offsetting the decline in diesel product volumes. Specialty materials Q2 sales were up 17% sequentially as expected, and Gorilla delivered on its sequential growth target in the quarter. Core net income was up 33%, with significant improvements in Gorilla Glass manufacturing performance versus last year. We are very, very pleased with the improvement in Gorilla gross margins over the last several quarters. In life sciences, Q2 sales were up 35% year over year, due to the additional sales from the Discovery Labware Acquisition, which closed in October of last year. The acquisition integration is going very smoothly, and is accretive to the segment again this quarter. Year over year core net income more than doubled on these additional sales. Now moving to Dow Corning, gross equity earnings of silicones were down 19% year over year, down significantly from our original expectations. These earnings were flat with Q1, but we had been looking for improvement. Sales were down year over year, and pricing issues in lower-end silicone products in several geographies emerged during the quarter. I’ll comment more on this in the outlook section. Although we don’t include Hemlock numbers in our core earnings, Hemlock results actually improved sequentially and year over year.  Our balance sheet remains very strong. We ended the second quarter with $5.5 billion in cash and short-term investments, with about $1.3 billion of that in the United States. Our net cash position is $2.6 billion. Cap spending was $244 million in the quarter, and we remain on track to spend approximately $1.3 billion in capital this year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $62 million. As a reminder, free cash flow is actually a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website.  You may recall in late April we announced an 11% common stock dividend increase and launched our $2 billion stock buyback program. During quarter two, we repurchased $242 million of stock. Now also during the quarter we entered into some new FX forward contracts to mitigate the potential negative impact of a weakening yen on our results above 93.5. No upfront premium was required for these hedges. These new contracts hedge about 25% of our projected 2015 yen earnings. Now let me turn to the outlook. In the third quarter, we believe Corning is well-positioned to deliver a fourth consecutive quarter of year over year EPS growth, driven by continued moderate LCD glass price declines and growth in telecom, life sciences, and environmental. This optimism is cautiously tempered by the equity earnings performance at Dow Corning and somewhat at SCP. I’ll speak to each in more detail as I go through the forecast.  Let me start with display. Our current view of the end market in 2013 is we expect retail, as measured in square feet of glass, to be up mid to high single digits. For reference, 2012, on a similar metric, was 3.5 billion square feet. We have revised our forecast for LCD television units to grow in the mid single digits given continued softness in Europe and Japan. However, we’re also raising our view of average screen size, driven by large-sized television growth. Through May, worldwide TV sales of televisions 50 inches and larger were up 118%. Therefore, our view of demand for 2013 as measured in square feet remains the same. As a fun fact to help you understand the dynamic of these larger televisions, a 65-inch television has as much glass as four 32-inch televisions. We factored into our forecast the conclusion of China energy savings subsidies, although there are, of course, rumors that a more limited subsidy may be introduced this fall.  Area sell-through in China in the first half was up 30% year over year, and higher than we had thought. Given that, we’re forecasting the second half area growth in China to only be about 5% versus the second half of 2012.  PC market we expect 10% year over year unit growth, with all of that attributable to tablets. Monitor units are expected to be down about 5%. Now, in quarter three, as we near the end of July, we see a Q3 LCD glass market consistent to up slightly sequentially. We expect our wholly-owned display business and SCP combined volumes to be consistent to up slightly with the Q2 volumes, and our shares to remain stable. Q3 is typically when the supply chain expands inventory, as measured in square feet, in preparation for the Q4 holidays. We believe this will happen again in Q3 of 2013, although this may be at a slightly reduced amount given the second half and demand in China, as I just mentioned. As measured by forward-looking weeks of inventory, we believe inventory will exit Q3 lower than Q2. We estimate LCD glass prices in Q3 will decline at a similar rate to Q2. I think it bears repeating that moderate price declines in Q2, and our expectation that it will continue to moderate in Q3, provide another strong indicator that display is stabilizing. Now, moving to telecom, we expect Q3 sales to be up about 20% versus Q3 of 2012, driven by strong fiber to the home demand in North America, Australia, and Europe; enterprise growth due to data center projects, particularly in the United States and China; and of course the sales of our recent acquisition in Brazil, in a full quarter of the newly consolidated affiliate. For the year, we expect sales and earnings growth in telecom driven by fiber to the home and enterprise projects. We expect the China fiber market actually to be flat in 2013, due to large China telecom tenders coming later than originally expected. We expect the worldwide fiber market to be up slightly year over year, driven by emerging markets in India, other Asian economies, and Latin America. In environmental, we expect Q3 sales to be up slightly versus Q3 of 2012, driven by some recovery in the North American heavy duty diesel market. We believe tighter regulations in Europe and China will lead to growth in demand for heavy duty diesel products as we begin to enter 2014. For the full year, we believe automobile production will continue to grow, driven by strength in North America and Asia. Specialty material sales are expected to increase sequentially about 10% in Q3, driven by Gorilla Glass. We expect advanced optic sales to be consistent sequentially. The semiconductor industry may be turning cyclically positive coming into the second half, so our advanced optics business could see growth in Q4.  In Gorilla Glass, our customers are moving to thinner glass, which of course helps our manufacturing costs. This is an important driver of specialty materials net income being up 35% year to date. We expect the trend to thinner Gorilla Glass to continue. We expect the retail market for cover glass for phones and tablets to be up significantly, around 30% in 2013. Corning will feel less growth, with some work-off of excess inventory from Q4 2012 shipments and also customer yield improvements this year. However, the retail growth, combined with product leadership, leaves us very excited about our opportunities for Gorilla Glass.  Yesterday we announced our latest Gorilla Glass product, Gorilla Glass NBT, our unique solution for touch-enabled notebooks. A major customer, Dell, will be integrating our glass into their lineup of new products launching this fall.  Corning Gorilla Glass NBT has 8 to 10 times the scratch resistance of chem-strenghtened soda lime glass, has superior surface strength that allows for thinner designs. At just 1-2% of a device’s retail price, we believe it’s a very cost-effective solution for the protection of thinner, lighter, touch-enabled notebooks.  We are working with additional customers now and expect to announce additional models in the coming months. We will likely see Gorilla Glass sales for these new products beginning in the second half of this year, and continuing in 2014. We believe the market for touch notebooks could triple from 2013 to 2017, and Corning will have a significant incremental market opportunity as a result of this growth, with our new NBT glass.  Now, Gorilla Glass NBT is our latest advancement in cover glass technology, and we continue to work on additional innovations. We expect to ship both our antimicrobial and antireflective Gorilla Glass products in the second half of this year. In life sciences, we expect sales to be up about 40-45% year over year, mainly due to the added sales from our acquisition.  Now let me turn to Dow Corning. We had told investors in February that Dow Corning expected silicone sales to be up in 2013 and margins to improve. As the year has unfolded, currency, the yen, has created some drag. Volume growth has been okay, especially in what we call the spec-chem portion of Dow Corning silicones, or the higher-margin products, but their key issue is price pressure, especially in low-end silicone products. The reasons are different in China and Europe, but the pain is the same. Dow Corning is working through this by managing supply and shifting mix while diligently focusing on cost reduction. Dow Corning is resetting its expectations for the year in total for the silicones business and we expect our total equity earnings from Dow Corning’s silicones business to now show only slight improvement year over year. Dow Corning expects earnings from its silicone segments to either down about 20% year over year, but the drop is more severe sequentially versus Q2, down almost 50%. Part of the more severe sequential drop is driven by cost movements within inventories, which should reverse in Q4. Dow Corning expects Q4 to bounce up, hopefully closer to the Q2 level of earnings.  Most concerning to us is the level of price competition in lower-end silicones in Europe and China. We think this new Dow Corning information is different enough that I recommend analysts consider adjusting their models for the anticipated silicones impact. Now let me turn to comment on Hemlock. Last week the Chinese government did announce preliminary significant duties on Hemlock’s poly going into China of 53% in the trade case. This is a preliminary determination and one of many steps in a long path towards a final determination in China.  While Dow Corning and we are disappointed with this preliminary finding, we’ve known this was a potential scenario for some time. The United States trade representative has confirmed to the media after this preliminary announcement they are in discussions with China regarding the global issues in solar technology, including panels and polysilicone. Dow Corning has been and will remain actively engaged with all appropriate parties to seek a mutually acceptable settlement. Ultimately, any tariffs on polysilicon or modules would impact market dynamics, but we do not anticipate any immediate impact on Hemlock Semiconductor’s performance. With the potential tariffs looming, Hemlock Semiconductor sales in were already significantly low, and they’ve already adjusted output and staffing to match current demand, enabling Hemlock Semiconductor operate cash flow positive in the second quarter of 2013. Now let me turn back to the remainder of our Q3 forecast. We expect our core gross margin to be up 1% year over year, driven by manufacturing and increased sales. SG&A and R&D are expected to be down versus last year as a percentage of sales. Core equity earnings is expected to be down about 25% versus last year, and we expect our core effective tax rate for 2013 to be around 16%. That concludes my opening comments, and I’ll turn it back to you. 
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. Operator, we’ll now open the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We’ll go to Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Some of the programs you’ve initiated, such as capacity control and the move to thinner glass are helping to improve gross margins. So I’m trying to get a sense of the sustainability of your efforts. Are we at a point of diminishing returns? Or are there further efforts to tactically improve gross margins? And conversely, are we at a point where you’re now getting the premiums or the early signs of premiums, particularly as it relates to Gorilla Glass and the new applications, such as NBT. Maybe if you could help us there, please. 
James Flaws : Mark, I assume you’re talking about our corporate gross margin. And as you know, that’s always a combination of the mix of our various businesses. But what we like about our business hand right now is gross margins in telecom, specialty materials, life sciences, and environmental are actually improving. The corporate mix will obviously be dependent on the mix of the sales of those businesses, but the fact that all are improving leads me to believe that we have the potential to continue to move our year over year gross margins up. Obviously the most important thing for us remains display, and we must have moderate price declines. We had good price downward movement in Q2, being less than Q1. We’re expecting Q3 to be in a similar range, but we continue to believe there’s potential for price declines to moderate even further as the quarters unfold. So I would say we’re not running into diminishing returns in terms of sustaining gross margins. It’s premature for me to talk about the premiums on our new products. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets : Now that we’re almost anniversarying your price change to Corning’s price and the market price, the thought is that the moderate price declines will prevail. How does that occur when you have a competitor that’s still adding capacity? Or is that just very localized, do you feel? And at the same time, as we move towards the back half of the year, are there annual price negotiations that are still variable, or are we at a point where the pricing change that you’ve made is going to be beneficial for the industry going forward?
James Flaws : Obviously I can’t speak for our competition, but we believe that price declines have moderated for the entire glass industry. And particularly with a benefit to our panel customers from the yen, we believe there’s potential for that to continue.  In terms of the capacity additions by our competition, we believe only one of our competitors is adding capacity in Korea, and we believe even that is at a very moderate pace. We’ve learned that the capacity there is smaller tanks, so we’re hopeful that we’ll be able to have an industry environment where price declines continue to be at a moderate level. It’s premature for me to comment on price negotiations and contracts. We’ll give you an update on that in October.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Jim, can you comment on the China deceleration in the back half as it pertains to display? I think you mentioned an area growth of 5% in the second half. What is the underlying unit assumption? And will your glass shipments match that level of growth? Or are inventory levels such that you might be undershipping that level?
James Flaws : We’re looking for our glass shipments to be consistent to up slightly. So units will be negative in China in Q3, but area will be only slightly negative. We’re looking for area to be up in Q4 in China. And remember, there are Chinese holidays, again, in the later part of the year.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And a quick follow up. On specialty materials, it looks like the revenue outlook was a little softer than most expected. Can you address if it’s an inventory correction related issue? Or is it weaker demand given the deceleration in tablets and to some extent in smartphones? And any update you might have for us on auto?
James Flaws : On auto, I don’t have any update for Gorilla at this stage. Relative to Gorilla for consumer electronics, we have been working hard on modeling the supply chain, and we believe that there was excess inventory built up by a number of customers from the fourth quarter. And that’s being worked off this year. And then the second thing, of course, is that we have seen yield improvements in the supply chain over the course of the year. So those two things have been maybe reflected in what you perceive as the softer demand for Gorilla. If you take those out, looking at the amount of Gorilla being pulled from the supply chain to go into phones and tablets going to retail, we think it’s growing nicely. Obviously it always depends somewhat on model launches in the phone business, but that’s what’s affecting it. But really we did have some excess inventory carried over this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Rod Hall - JPMorgan : You just commented on the Chinese subsidy. You expect it may come back down again at the end of the year. Are you assuming that subsidy reduces in your guidance for Q3? Or are you assuming it’s static in Q3, and then we’ll wait and see what happens and decide how to guide for Q4? That’s my first question. And then the other thing is I know you normally don’t like to comment too much on capacity utilization, but it feels like utilization for glass capacity is getting relatively high, and I wonder if you could just comment on that, give us any color, on what you think capacity utilization looks like.  And then also, for panel, just where are we with capacity utilization and where you think we’ll be as we get into the seasonally high month here heading into the back end of the year? 
James Flaws : That’s a lot of questions. On our assumption on China demand, we’re assuming the subsidy has gone off. We’re not including anything coming back in our outlook for the remainder of the year. All we’ve heard is some rumors that there may be a new subsidy in the fourth quarter, but that’s not in our demand at this point in time. Relative to capacity utilization, our wholly-owned display business is relatively full. We’re delighted by that, as you saw the very strong shipments in quarter two. Gorilla, because of the inventory work off, is not as full right now. We have significant capacity still offline at SCP.  Panel capacity, we think there’s adequate panel capacity to meet what we see as retail demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Newton of Stifel. Your line is open. 
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus : I wanted to dive a little bit into display inventory levels. You seem relatively comfortable with the 18 weeks of inventory level, but I’m curious, if we go by geography, are there any areas where inventories were more elevated or lean? And specifically focusing on China, given your expectation of lack of subsidies in the second half? And then do you have any concerns on inventory levels in tablets and smartphones relative to TVs?
James Flaws : I don’t have any detailed information on tablets/smartphone inventory. On display inventories, I wouldn’t characterize it as relatively comfortable. I’m always nervous when inventories get to an 18-week level. We have done a lot of work on trying to figure out is the items that I talked about with the more sizes really having an influence? We have some positive information that says that has been contributing, but I remain nervous about the 18 weeks. I don’t have a lot of geographic information. The only thing that I’ll comment on is that we believe that there has been an excess of 32-inch televisions built in China. And that’s the only place that I’m aware of where there’s a potentially significant problem, that’s localized.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus : And then I guess as a follow up, on the Gorilla Glass outlook, I’m trying to understand. You did make the comment that touch could be shipping, specifically the Gorilla Glass MBT, in the second half of ‘13. I was wondering if that is baked at all into your guidance for Q3.  And then the comments that you made about cover glass for phones and tablets increasing about 30% year over year, but you have yield improvements and inventory heading into the year. I’m trying to circle that back to your previous guidance, I think, that Gorilla Glass would grow double digits year over year. Could you help us perhaps narrow that range between double digits and 30%? 
James Flaws :  I guess I would say that when we look at the amount of inventory and the amount of yield issues, that have occurred for this year, that we would have thought that the demand for Gorilla on us would be greater. And when we adjust for those two things, we would say that there definitely is greater than 30% growth, but those two items have harmed us, if you do a comparison year over year.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus : But still a double digit expectation for Gorilla Glass? Growth year over year? 
James Flaws : Yes.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus : Okay. And then, I’m sorry, in the touch notebooks, that all baked into Gorilla Glass for Q3?
James Flaws : Yes, but very small levels. We’re still unsure about how fast the consumer acceptance will come on touch notebooks. I was delighted to see in the Best Buy circular last week quite a few advertised, but we put in a fairly low level right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: One clarification and then one question on LCD glass. Just on the guidance you provided, you referenced year over year comparisons versus gross margins and expenses. Is that versus the restatements already provided, $0.29 and the 44% gross margins? Or is there something else that has to be restated out of that, as you also mentioned?  And then secondly, just on the LCD glass, the two big dynamics seem to be China and average screen size increasing. Is there any sense for how much the China subsidies helped in terms of that 40% growth in the first half?  And then in terms of average screen size increasing, you seem to be implying an acceleration in average screen size, even versus what you talked about at the analyst meeting. Any more color around how that’s helping, maybe in the second half of the year? 
James Flaws : The screen size thing is becoming increasingly important. We really started seeing this large size impact start last year. We were uncertain whether it would continue to grow this year, but it definitely is, and seems to be accelerating. So you’re right about that. I think all of my statements on gross margin relate to our restated results from the prior year, and as I mentioned on our website we’ve done some updates on that, and many analysts asked us to do 2011 also. So we’re putting that on our website too.
Steven Fox - Cross Research : And then just in terms of China, how much do you think the subsidies helped in the first half?
James Flaws : I don’t have a detailed number right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian White from Topeka. Your line is open.
Brian White - Topeka : When we think about Gorilla Glass on the notebook, I just want to be clear, are most of these wins primarily coming at the screen level? Or are you also providing Gorilla Glass for the back casing and the keyboard?
James Flaws : That’s a level of detail I just don’t know. I’m sorry.
Brian White - Topeka : And when we think about this ramp, you said obviously you have Dell, about how many other customers do you have? And is this more of a fourth quarter ramp? Or it really does start in earnest in the third quarter?
James Flaws : It starts in the third quarter, in earnest. I don’t have a list of the number of customers, but we think our market share on touch on notebooks has been climbing. Initially, our competition is really soda lime, for cost reasons. And we believe our market share on touch notebook wins is climbing every quarter. So we’re quite pleased by that. But we begin shipments in earnest this quarter.  Again, as I mentioned in reply to an earlier questioner, what we’re just uncertain about is how well these notebooks will do at retail. Obviously pretty weak PC market. But definitely in terms of the models that will be out there, we’re increasing our market share.
Brian White - Topeka : So if I have a $500 notebook, this is a $50-100 price for the consumer? One to two percent is the cost of the Gorilla Glass.
James Flaws : No, 1-2% is like $5-10.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva - Citigroup : It sounds like you’re indeed building in a no return of the China subsidy into your outlook, which I think is a positive. Under the premise of if the China subsidy were to come back, do you have the capacity to ramp production? And if so, what’s a typical lead time for you to pour the glass, get it into the channel, and for it to make it onto the shelves for selling to the local Chinese citizen, if the subsidy were to return?
James Flaws : We do have capacity, and the lead time is relatively short, as we are in Asia, and it’s pretty easy for do that. So I would say definitely two months or less we can have capacity there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS. Your line is open.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : I was wondering if you could comment on LCD demand trends in some of the other geographies, particularly Europe and North America.
James Flaws : North America has been good, driven by sizes, for the most part. Europe has been weak. Japan has fallen to a pretty low level. We think actually Japan television will probably be flat for the year now that we’ve anniversaried that. These are in terms of units. We’re seeing good growth in the other Asian markets in Latin America and the Middle East in terms of units.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : I’m curious relative to expectations, are these geographies generally in line? Weaker? Better?
James Flaws : I’d say Europe is weaker. Most of the rest are in line in terms of units. And then size is ahead of our expectations.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : And then just based on the stock buyback you did in the quarter, I would have expected a larger decrease in the share count. Should we expect some of that to show up in Q3, or were there some offsets?
James Flaws : Well, remember the stock buyback didn’t start until later in the quarter. We didn’t make the announcement until the end of at least one month had gone by.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : Okay, so we should expect some of that to show up in the share count in Q3?
James Flaws : Yes.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : And then just any help you can give us in terms of your appetite to sustain buyback for these levels of how you’re thinking about just capital allocation?
James Flaws : Well, we have a $2 billion program authorized by the board, and we expect to continue to buy back in Q3 probably similar to slightly higher levels maybe.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : And fiber to the home, you talked about strength in North America. Just wondering where you’re seeing that. Is it with the tier ones, or some of the small operators? Any [insight into that] would be helpful.
James Flaws : That strength was mostly Canada.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Wolf with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Joseph Wolf - Barclays: I wanted to come back to the inventory and the work that you’ve done on the global side, and the differences between China and the rest of the world, and where you are in terms of reading that, and how we can think about that going forward in terms of maybe even not talking about price declines moderating, but prices starting to stabilize and maybe improve.
James Flaws : I’m not sure I follow your question. Are you asking about inventory in the supply chain regionally?
Joseph Wolf - Barclays : Regionally and how that fits into, I guess you talked about a very strong demand in China and Korea kind of being consistent. So if there’s a global element to that inventory, and whether that will impact any pricing in 2014.
James Flaws : As of right now, I don’t have a reason to believe that we won’t stay on this moderate price decline that we experienced for these quarters. There’s nothing that we’re seeing right now in terms of the level of inventory. I don’t have a lot of details, as I mentioned in response to an earlier question, about where the inventory is. I did mention that in China there seems to be an excess of small sized televisions, 32s, but beyond that I don’t have a lot of detail. I think the worry that you’re probably touching on is if there’s a sudden inventory correction, then that could impact on pricing. But right now we’re not feeling that. Our order rate in July and our order rate for August has remained quite strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs :
 : I just had a question on display, and then a couple of followups on Gorilla. On display, you had ended Q1 with what you considered tight internal inventories and were air shipping some product. Is that still going on? Or do you feel like you’ve caught up now in terms of your own inventories and production?  And also, did you convert any additional tanks to Gorilla in the second quarter? Or are you putting that on hold for now given the situation in Gorilla you talked about? 
James Flaws : We’re not converting more tanks to Gorilla right now, as the supply chain works off some of the inventory. In terms of our own inventories, we actually remain tight. We did air ship in Q2. We hope to not air ship in Q3, but we’re still tight. We wouldn’t mind having more display inventory. Corporately, on inventories, we have built inventory. The build is the largest in telecom, where we built over $100 million inventory. And we have built some Gorilla inventory.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs : And then on Gorilla, where you talked about the perceived softness there in the guidance. You commented on thin glass. Is that impacting the revenue growth levels in Gorilla, in particular if that’s causing you to get a lower ASP per square area?  And then I also wanted to get an update on your expectations for 3D glass, if that’s something that is going to ship this year, and is going to be a meaningful contributor.  And then lastly, it seems that Asahi’s Dragontrail is gaining some traction in the market and is starting to get used as a second source. Is that impacting your Gorilla expectations?
James Flaws : I don’t think Dragontrail is really impacting our expectations. Clearly we don’t have quite as strong a share as what we had originally, but it’s still extraordinarily high. I don’t have an update on 3D, so I’m sorry, I’m not current on whether we’re going to ship anything this year or not. I know the program is continuing to move ahead.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs : And the thin glass in Gorilla?
James Flaws : Thin glass in Gorilla, it’s primarily an impact on our cost.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs : Okay, so it doesn’t change the ASP per square area?
James Flaws : Its primary impact is on our cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley : Quickly start on telecom. You mentioned an affiliate that you brought in house. Can you just give us a sense as to what it was, how large it was, and how much that impacted the numbers? And then you also mentioned in telecom that there were some delays in China and some large fiber deals. Do you have any color on what caused those delays? Was it the change in management that happened in a couple of Chinese carriers? And how far out did this get pushed? And I have some questions on LCD and Gorilla.
James Flaws : The small company was a previous joint venture that our Corning Cable Systems unit had. Its impact was about $5 million in Q2, and I think it will be almost $10 million in Q3 in terms of consolidated sales. It’s really relatively tiny. The telecom tenders, we were expecting tenders to happen earlier. I can’t tell you why they don’t. You probably heard me say in the past that we believe all of the telecom business in China is ultimately controlled by government policy. So whether it was the management changes or not, I can’t know for sure.  But definitely tenders that we expected earlier have not happened yet. There is a tendering process right now. What we just don’t know is when it will be complete, and how much the volume will be. But definitely against our original expectations for China, this has been a slow down. 
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley : On LCD, obviously screen sizes have been growing for the last almost 18 months or so. To what extent do you think the significant fall-offs in glass pricing that we’ve seen over the last 18, 24 months, how much do you think that has contributed to people just buying larger TVs because the price points have come down, primarily because glass pricing has come down.  And we’re now, in 2013, in an era of moderate price declines as we get into 2014 and beyond, do you think that maybe we’ll see an end to the larger screen sizes? You see what I’m saying? Maybe the larger sizes will link to the lower prices? When you [unintelligible] lower prices, you [unintelligible] larger screen sizes a little later too? 
James Flaws : I don’t think the glass price declines have been the primary reason why pricing at retail has gone down. Obviously it contributed and for panel makers, also the fact that the yen has helped them on their profitability has gone up. I just think that the price points and the quality of televisions are so incredible that it’s hard to imagine people buying a small television now.  I got up early this morning and read a whole bunch of retail television ads for the past month, and I just remain stunned by how low the price points are. So I’m not expecting price points to go back up on large televisions next year, and I think we’ll begin to see sometime next year 2k/4k showing up. Obviously that would be more expensive initially, but I don’t think there’s any going back on this size phenomenon. 
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley : Okay. So I don’t think prices will go up, I’m just wondering what you thought about the glass prices going down impacting the total price of retail. On the Gorilla side, you mentioned Dell. You said that there were other OEMs coming out as well, but are we to assume that Dell is the only one that really will be using Gorilla in any type of volume in 2013, and the rest of them are out in 2014?  And then you had a previous comment, on the last conference call, previously, before that, that you expected, I believe, 10% of notebooks and laptops to be either touch or have cover glass. I was wondering what your current expectations are. Is it still in line with the 10%, and is that in line with the guidance now for Gorilla and specialty materials? 
James Flaws : The guidance for the year was around 10. It will be higher in the fourth quarter. I won’t comment on customers. Dell’s the one that announced with us yesterday, but we expect to be on a number of notebook manufacturers.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley : In 2013?
James Flaws : Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. 
Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray: Two questions, Jim. I just want to understand, you said you don’t have any updates on the automotive segment. I just wanted to find out what is the gating item there in terms of the adoption of these specialty glasses for the [unintelligible] applications. And then I have a follow up.
James Flaws : Well, it’s always hard to get your first customer. You know, we had hopes that we would get on a certain model. That has not turned out right now. But we’re still trying very hard. But this is a fairly revolutionary new product for the automotive industry, and it’s always hard to win your first one. So beyond that, I can’t say. I mean, we haven’t stopped trying.
Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray : Would we have any timeline when we could potentially hear? Is it probably later this year, or maybe next year?
James Flaws : I don’t have a new timeline. I actually thought I would be already announcing. So we’re a little disappointed by that.
Jagadish Iyer - Piper Jaffray : When do you think you’ll have some meaningful uptick of the Willow Glass in terms of you’re actively engaged with customers? When do you think we can expect to hear more on the traction on Willow Glass?
James Flaws : I think we’ll talk more about Willow in the October conference call. Okay, so we’ll wrap up here. I just have a couple of investor relations comments. First, in case you missed our announcement in June, we did officially appoint Ann Nicholson division VP, and she’ll be leading our investor relations function. We’re delighted to recognize Ann’s performance with this promotion. Our second announcement is we will be speaking at the Citi technology conference on September 4 in New York City.  I’d like to summarize a few highlights of the call. First, we’ve made great progress on our plan to stabilize display and then return to positive momentum in this segment.  Second, we’re executing our goal to grow earnings in our other businesses. In addition to volume growth, strong operational execution and cost reduction efforts have been a significant driver of profitably improvements. We grew our core earnings per share year over year by double digits for the last three quarters. We think this is strong evidence we’re marching up. Fourth, Dow Corning silicones are not improving year over year, and that’s a big disappointment to us. And finally, as we look forward to Q3, we’re confident that we will have our fourth consecutive quarter of year over year core earnings growth, despite the weak Dow Corning outlook. It will be driven by moderate glass declines in LCD, and growth in telecom, life sciences, and environmental. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call is available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today and will run until 5 p.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, August 13. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 297023.  The audio webcast, of course, is available on our website during that time. Operator, that concludes our call.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Director of Investor Relations Wendell P. Weeks - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee
Analysts: Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 1 2013 Earnings Results. It's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ms. Ann Nicholson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, John, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's First Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Before Wendell and Jim begin their formal comments, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's SEC reports. You should also note that this presentation contains a number of non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation can be found on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Wendell.
Wendell P. Weeks: Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. At our Investor Day in February, we explained to investors why we believe Corning is a strong investment. We highlighted growth in our existing businesses, our expectations for solid cash generation and a rich R&D portfolio with the potential to create entirely new businesses. We reminded investors of our goal to return to earnings growth. We outlined the progress we made in 2012, and we noted that our fourth quarter results provided evidence that our strategy was working. I am very pleased to say that we started off 2013 with a strong quarter, exceeding analyst consensus. Our first quarter core earnings per diluted share were up 15% year-over-year and up double digits year-over-year for the second quarter in a row. You may recall that early in 2012 we identified 2 priorities for returning to earnings growth: reestablish positive momentum in display and grow our other businesses. In display, our number one priority was to moderate LCD glass price declines. As expected, quarter 1 2013 price declines for LCD glass were more moderate sequentially, and we expect price decline to moderate further in quarter 2. Going forward, we believe price declines will continue to be moderate as a result of the customer agreements we entered into last year, as well as the weakening yen. This improved price outlook, the stabilization of our share and new product introductions are creating positive momentum again for display. Now for the second priority; to grow our other businesses. We believe that we are on the right track here too. Our other businesses had solid operational results, combining to contribute 70% higher net income on a year-over-year basis. Jim will give you more color on our financial results, but I just want to summarize by saying that the combination of moderating LCD glass price declines, improved operational performance and 2 consecutive quarters of double-digit year-over-year earnings per share growth demonstrate that Corning has begun the march up in earnings. I would also like to take a moment to talk about our other announcement this morning. We previously told investors that we were entering a period where our strong operating cash flow and lower capital spending would allow us to devote more cash to shareholder returns. We are delivering on this commitment with a new $2 billion share repurchase. This comes on top of the $1.5 billion buyback that we completed in the fourth quarter of 2012. This reflects our belief that the company is undervalued at the current stock price. We are also increasing the quarterly dividend to $0.10 per quarter. This 11% increase means that we have doubled our dividend level in the last 18 months. Finally, I would like to comment on the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate, which affects the translation of our display and specialty segments results. We moved decisively in the first quarter to hedge Corning's exposure to changes in the yen exchange rate. Investors should be aware that Corning's risk exposure to changes in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate is capped at 93. And now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James B. Flaws: Thanks, Wendell, and good morning. I hope you've had a chance to read our quarter 1 earnings press release this morning. In it, you'll see our results reported as core earnings. I'd like to begin my comments by explaining to you our rationale for changing the core earnings and its major components. In February, we said that we wanted to clearly show you our performance so you could directly assess the status of our plan to return to earnings growth. Core earnings excludes nonperformance-related items from our results so you're better able to see operating results. Similar to our prior reporting, it also excludes special items, like nonoperating charges and certain accruals. Core earnings measures the performance of the company without 2 significant external factors: first, the yen exchange rate fluctuations; and second, the solar industry upheaval. Let me say a little more about each. Sales of our display products are currently priced in yen so we must translate these sales back to U.S. dollars for our financial statements. Additionally, our glass manufacturing cost in both display and Gorilla Glass are primarily denominated in Asian currencies, including the yen, but again, we must report our cost of goods sold in U.S. dollars. As a result, movements in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate can impact our results in display and Gorilla as we report them in U.S. dollars. Now we've experienced changes in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate before, but typically these changes have been more gradual. Since November of 2012, the rate of change has been dramatic, with the yen weakening by more than 20% since that time. So while we remain focused on managing reducing our vulnerability to foreign exchange rate changes, we decided to report our results with a constant yen. This reporting will allow U.S. investors to see the operating results without the impact of yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate changes. The use of constant exchange rate reporting is not uncommon for U.S. companies and is an accepted practice. The exchange rate that we will use, called out as a management rate, is JPY 93 per U.S. dollar. Now as Wendell explained in his remarks, the company moved decisively to hedge exposure to further weakening in the yen exchange rate. Our hedges protect the company from any further weakening above JPY 93. Because we have this economic protection at the JPY 93 level, we chose this rate for the constant yen core performance reporting. Now in an attachment to this morning's press release, we provided you our 2012 results restated with this exchange rate so you can update your models and compare apples-to-apples. We'll also provide history for 2011 in the near future. Now our second adjustment for core reporting relates to our equity venture, Dow Corning Corporation, that has a subsidiary, Hemlock Semiconductor Corporation. Hemlock makes polysilicon for the solar industry. I went into great detail on February 8 about the dire situation in the solar market, driven by the macro environment and the investigation by the Chinese government regarding dumping of polysilicon. Driven by these events, Hemlock's earnings over the last 18 months have been unpredictable, and we expect that to continue. Pending the outcome of the investigation and instability of the solar market, Hemlock may have to take actions to write-off assets and call in their take-or-pay contracts. These potential actions, to whatever extent required, are unrelated to its core operations. Therefore, our core earnings also exclude equity earnings from Hemlock. This was a relatively minor impact in quarter 1. Our core earnings are a non-GAAP financial measure, and of course, we will continue to report GAAP results, and you can refer to the GAAP reconciliations on our website. As always, Ann Nicholson, in Investor Relations, will be available after the call today to answer any questions you may have about the financial reconciliations as you update your models. So now I'd like to turn to our quarter 1 core earnings results. First quarter sales for the corporation were $1.8 billion, consistent with the year ago. Gross margin was 43%, up 1 point year-over-year and better than our original expectation of 41%. Telecom and specialty material had very good gross margin growth versus last year. Gross equity earnings of $180 million, and as a reminder, this is also at constant yen, were consistent with the year ago, and I'll provide some more color on this in a few minutes. Our core effective tax rate for Q1 was 16%. We did have a special item, a $54 million tax benefit to record the impact of the American Taxpayer Relief Act, which was enacted on June 3, which we excluded from our core earnings. Investors may recall we actually excluded a loss from the same item in Q4. It was the unusual timing of Congress approving this bill on January 3 that caused these 2 entries. The most important impact of that bill was it allow us to have lower ongoing tax expense this year, and we expect this benefit to continue into 2014. Core earnings per share were $0.30, up $0.04 over 1 year ago and well above analyst consensus. Now it's important to note that moving the core performance did not impact quarter 1 of this year's results because the actual rate in the quarter was 93, and the same as our management reporting rate. Better operating performance drove the core EPS improvement over analyst consensus and EPS, as a stated here, is a non-GAAP measure and as always, a reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. As a reference versus a year ago, SG&A and R&D were consistent as a percentage of sales. And now I'd like to go through our quarter 1 segment results and I'll start with display. Core sales for display, which exclude the impact to changes in the yen exchange rate or at a constant yen, were $650 million in Q1, an increase of 7% versus last year. LCD glass volume was up significantly, more than offsetting price declines. Gross equity earnings, also measured at constant yen from our equity venture in Korea, SCP, were at $133 million in quarter 1, a decrease of 8% year-over-year. LCD glass volume at SCP was up slightly versus quarter 1 of 2012. For your modeling purposes, display equity company's first quarter LCD sales in constant yen were about $608 million, a decrease of 4% from last year. Now as a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP's total sales, which include various other products. As we expected, our total LCD glass volumes were down mid-single-digits sequentially and up mid-teens year-over-year. SCP's volume versus last year was up slightly, reflecting the Korean panel maker's relatively consistent utilizations. Our wholly owned business volume was up significantly versus the prior year, reflecting the growing Chinese television market. Last October, we explained that going forward after Q4 with our shares stabilized and the industry maturing, we expected price declines to moderate at all of our customers, including those with new agreements. I'm very pleased to report that our share remains stable in Q1, and our price declines in Q1 were less than Q4. Core net income was up slightly versus Q1 of 2012, which is a good sign that we're stabilizing display. We were able to have volume increases offset lower glass price declines. Now on the supply chain front, we estimate that weeks of inventory grew in quarter 1, which is the result of several things in combination: a healthier cash position, the need to carry more inventory for growing emerging markets and the proliferation of television screen sizes in preparation for China's May holiday. We continue to monitor the supply chain inventory closely, and I'll comment more on the supply chain in our outlook section. Now in telecom, quarter 1 sales were $470 million, down 7% year-over-year. Fiber and cable sales in North America were down due to decline in the U.S. government stimulus spending versus the prior year. Sales were also down versus our expectations, primarily driven by slower NBN ramp-up and a slower start than we expected in China for fiber and cable. We are seeing China fiber and cable market pick up in Q2. Despite the sales decline, net income in telecom was up almost 70%. Lower volume was offset by improved manufacturing performance and the implementation of strong spending controls. In our environmental segment, sales were down 13% year-over-year, but actually slightly higher than our expectations. Now you may recall in Q1 of 2012, it was an unusually robust quarter for the auto and heavy-duty truck demand. Since then, the European auto market and the U.S. Class A truck build rate have softened. We do expect sales growth throughout 2013 with demand picking up in the coming quarters. I'll talk more about that in our outlook section. Net income was down 34% in this segment, driven by lower sales and production volumes. Specialty material quarter 1 sales were down 10% versus a year ago, driven primarily by Advanced Optics. The cyclically down semiconductor market impacted Advanced Optics sales. Now core net income in this segment was up 39%, with very significant improvement in Gorilla Glass gross margins versus the prior year. We are very pleased with Gorilla's improvement in gross margins over the last several quarters. In Life Sciences, Q1 sales were up 34% due to the additional sales from our Discovery Labware acquisition, which closed on October 31 of last year. The acquisition integration is just underway, but it's going very smoothly and it was accretive to this segment this quarter. Year-over-year core net income doubled on the additional sales. Now I'll turn to Dow Corning, and as a reminder, we excluded Hemlock, gross equity earnings were up 31%. On the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $5.8 billion in cash and short-term investments, with about $1.2 billion in the United States. We did repay a loan in China during the quarter, using about $500 million of cash. Our net cash position is $2.8 billion. Capital spending for the quarter was $194 million, and we remain on track to spend approximately $1.3 billion for the year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $323 million. As a reminder, free cash flow is actually a non-GAAP measure, and the reconciliation to GAAP on this measure can be found on our website. So now let me turn to the outlook. As I mentioned at the beginning of my commentary, we have begun showing our results as core earnings, which exclude the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, but we've also told you we want to mitigate the negative impact of the weakening yen. In February, management obtained authorization from the Board of Directors to execute a series of foreign exchange contracts over a 2-year period to hedge our exposure to movements in the Japanese yen and its impact on our earnings. We completed the execution to purchase Color Options in late February. These will settle quarterly for a total of 8 quarters. The simplest way to think about these transactions is they protect our P&L from the yen moving higher than JPY 93, which is good, given that the current yen exchange rate is JPY 99. The protection above JPY 93 is the reason that we chose JPY 93 for our management rate for constant yen reporting. Now we've kept the cost of this hedge low by implementing a collar structure. If the yen averages above JPY 93, we get a hedge benefit, and it offsets the negative translation impact. If the yen exchange rate is between JPY 87 to JPY 93, we currently will not have any hedge settlements in those quarters. If the yen is below JPY 87, Corning will owe on the hedges, but of course, our display segment would be experiencing favorable translation results to offset these hedge payments. In summary, we think we've moved aggressively to protect the company and investors from the unprecedented sudden weakening of the yen, driven by the new Japanese government. Now let me turn to the display outlook. Let's start with the current view of the end market in 2013. We still expect the retail market, as measured in square feet of glass, to be up mid to high single digits. For reference, 2012 was 3.5 billion square feet. We think LCD TV units will grow in the mid to high single digits, with area growth higher. Large-sized televisions continue to sell well in many regions. Through February, 50-inch-plus TV sales were actually up 107%. You've probably seen reports regarding weakness in the PC market. We're not bullish on the PC market either, expecting only 10% year-over-year growth, with more than all of that attributable to tablets. Monitored units are actually expected to be down about 5%. Now let's talk about quarter 2. As we near the end of April, we see Q2 LCD glass market at a consistent level sequentially. Our wholly owned business in SCP are combined to expect a consistent Q1 volumes as well. While Q2 is the seasonally slowest quarter at retail, glass volumes are actually up year-over-year and slightly bigger market. We believe inventory will grow again in absolute square feet, and is measured in weeks during Q2 before beginning to deplete in the back half of the year when demand at retail peaks. Quarter 2, we expect our share will remain stable, and that our price declines will further moderate. We expect LCD glass price declines will decline by only 2% to 3% sequentially. Going forward, we believe price declines will continue to be moderate, as a result of customer agreements we entered into last year, as well as the weakening yen. The change in yen-dollar exchange rate actually helps most of our customers, as they sell their LCD panels in dollars and buy our glass in yen. So the change in yen dollar rate actually increases their profits on our glass, which we believe should decrease their pressure on us for price declines. Now turning to the telecom outlook, we expect Q2 sales to be up slightly versus Q2 of 2012. This will be driven by the NBN ramp. Sequentially, we expect Q2 sales to be up approximately 20%, coming off a slower-than-expected start to the year. In environmental, we expect Q2 sales to be up slightly sequentially. This is flat to down slightly year-over-year across the light and heavy duty business compared to a stronger market in Q2 of 2012, which have much higher levels of U.S. Class A truck builds. For the full year, we believe auto production will grow, driven by strength in North America and Asia. We believe tighter regulations in Europe and China will be leading to growth in demand for our heavy-duty diesel products. Specialty materials sales are expected to increase sequentially about 15% to 20% in Q2, which is about 5% up year-over-year. Advanced optics sales are expected to be down year-over-year, given the continued end market softness. Gorilla Glass volumes are up significantly year-over-year in quarter 2. For the year, we believe there will be double-digit market growth for Gorilla Glass, driven by the penetration of touch on notebooks and the continued growth of the smartphones. We'll likely see most of this impact in the second half. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be up about 35% to 40% year-over-year, mostly due to added sales from our acquisition. We expect equity earnings from Dow Corning silicones segment to be up about 20% year-over-year. Now continuing down the rest of our Q2 forecast on the P&L. We expect core gross margin percent to be similar to Q1, which is up year-over-year driven by manufacturing efficiencies and increased sales. SG&A is expected to be down versus last year as a percentage of sales, while R&D spending should be consistent, and core equity earnings should be down about 15% versus last year. Our core effective tax rate for 2013 should stay around 16%. And that concludes my opening remarks. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. John, now we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If we just take a step back and look at the big picture of how you kind of see the macro supply demand balance shaking out kind of currently, as well as looking forward to stay for the rest of the year, can you help us understand the supply, demand dynamics? We know Corning, I believe, has, in the past year or so, opened up a couple of plants and have some more efficiency gains, not only from Corning, but also competitors to either improve our increase in supply. But then on the demand front, we are seeing TV unit growth, which I think is kind of in the mid-single to upper-mid-single digit growth, and then service area is increase in the TVs. Can you just maybe take a step back and let us know the supply/demand equilibrium today and looking forward, how you see it there at Corning?
Wendell P. Weeks: Sure, Jim. Basically, things look relatively in balance right now. It's just that simple. There's, of course, going forward, there's always dynamics on both the supply and demand side, but our opinion right now is things look relatively in balance, which helps in addition to our contracts that we've entered into and the weakening yen with our view of a relatively more benign price environment.
James B. Flaws: I'd like to add on to that if I could, and that is I think that the market is in balance partially because of the discipline that Corning Incorporated is doing and some of the other manufacturers are. As you know, we continue to keep capacity offline in Korea, and we will do that to make sure that we stay in balance.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, I think you said the yen has hedged out for 2 years and settled quarterly. Can you talk about the cost to implement this collar? And I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws: Yes, the cost was about $100 million for the 2 years.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And that would be realized all as the hedge continues? Those will be implemented over the course of the 2 years?
James B. Flaws: No, it's spread over the 2 years.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then can you talk a little bit about some of the new capacity that's anticipated to come online this year? And if LG Chem's early shipments are changing, anything at all from a pricing dynamic or share dynamic?
James B. Flaws: In terms of new capacity coming online for us?
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: For the market. So NEG have some capacity coming online and LG Chem too.
James B. Flaws: So NEG has capacity coming online. They've announced that they're building a tank in Korea, and I believe their expectations are that for the back half of the year. They have said in the original announcement that they will be shutting down capacity in Japan when that occurs, and we're taking that as their stated announcement. Their second tank is not until sometime late next year per their statements. LG Chem has 1 tank running, and it's actually been running almost 2 years now. And the second tank, as far as our surveillance says, consists of only a few steel pilings in the ground, but we are not feeling LG Chem is a significant supplier in the industry.
Operator: And next, we go to Patrick Newton with Stifel.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, sticking to the hedge question, you talked about taking care of translation exposure between 87 and 93 on the yen exchange rate, but you still have transaction exposure. So I guess if we look at your 10-K and take that as a base, I think previously and prior to these hedges, a 10% move in the yen dollar FX rate would impact net income by about 6%. So using that metric, where would that stand post your hedge?
James B. Flaws: Well, you have no further impact. I mean, that amount between JPY 93 and JPY 87, you would see that impact of about -- I think it's about $5 million per yen on an annualized basis. So you could calculate that between JPY 93 and JPY 87 if you want, but we're reporting basically at JPY 93.
Wendell P. Weeks: And the key element to what we sought to accomplish with the yen hedge is to basically take the risk off the table for the next couple of years, right? So that capping the exposure at JPY 93, it puts us in a spot where it gives us much more stable earnings pattern going forward. The relative degree of gain on that hedge or not will depend on what the yen actually performs like. One of the reasons we did it, why we moved the core earnings in Q1, was because it really didn't impact quarter 1 earnings per share because our hedge rate and the actual yen in quarter 1 are close to the same thing. So that no matter how you looked at our earnings, GAAP, our normal way of x specials or core earnings, we're significantly better than consensus. As we go forward, if the yen stays where it is right now for quarter 2 and it's closer to JPY 100 to the dollar, we'd experience some significant gains on the hedge, which would offset any of the translation loss of bringing on yen-based pricing deterioration in the yen factor back into dollars. Does that make sense?
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, that makes sense. So in essence, though, no transaction exposure at the yen-dollar level?
James B. Flaws: That's what you should be -- that's what you will see in our results.
Wendell P. Weeks: Right.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then, I guess, something, Jim, it seem like in your prepared remarks, you kind of inflected in your voice that LCD prices are currently priced at yen. Maybe I'm reading too much into that, but I'd love you to discuss the likelihood of changing the price into U.S. dollars, the thoughts on could that happen within kind of this 2-year hedge window, and the pros and cons of what has kept to you from changing the past and perhaps with the change in FX rate, what makes it more attractive in the future?
James B. Flaws: So it clearly is a possibility, as we talked about in our IR Day in February, that we could convert over to U.S. dollar pricing. And clearly, it could occur during this 2-year hedge period of time. It's obviously a complex shift because you have to figure out what rate you're going to do it at, and you've got to get your customers to agree, and of course, we also have to think about what our competition will do. But I didn't mean to imply anything with my inflection, but clearly, I will state to you that the possibility of us going to U.S. dollar pricing for our display business is very real.
Wendell P. Weeks: To add to it, I would agree with James' statements. When we told you at the beginning of the year that our time and attention was going to the yen and making sure that we would be taking the appropriate action, we look both at commercial changes, like shifting to the dollar in the near term, as well as doing what we did in the hedge. What we did is cover this next 2 years. It would give us time to figure out what the appropriate commercial change is, as well as opportunities to reach very considered opinions on how we should handle the yen going forward.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Gentlemen, the pricing change, as it relates to market share, it's good to see that things are stabilizing in price. What's the staying power and what's been the competitive response, if any? And are we getting indications that rationality for the display industry can prevail on a going forward basis just as we move through the back half of the year and into next year?
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, clearly, what we're seeking to accomplish is just that or we really control are our actions. And what we've done with the series of agreements we put in place is to stabilize our share, to develop a fixed relationship between our price and market price, which should make for economic decision-making by all the players involved. We're encouraged by the progress that we've made in quarter 1, as well as quarter 2. Only time will tell how this all turns out, but we're encouraged.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Will it be a quarter or so, what you could kind of call a success to the change in pricing, or is this an ongoing thing that we have to kind of monitor?
Wendell P. Weeks: Clearly, getting another quarter under our belt with this continued moderation, we feel even better. But at the core of it, pricing and pricing strategy is always going to be important in this business. So we think we can reduce the volatility, and we're making some progress toward just that, but it will continue to take a good amount of time and attention.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then separately, if the regional demand for display continues to change around the world, does that make you reconsider your CapEx by region? I understand the plans for this year at $1.3 billion, just thinking about if things move around in 2014 and beyond.
James B. Flaws: I'm not quite sure I follow your question, Mark, about regionally. You're asking about spending in glass business?
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's in display as you try to move closer to your end customers. So we understand the plans you're making for this year in China, for example. Do things change the following leap [ph] year? Do you concentrate your progression in capacity in certain regions and does that require changes in CapEx longer term?
James B. Flaws: No, I don't think in 2014 you should expect to see much change in the company's capital spending for our glass business. We're really at what we would call more of a maintenance level in the display area now. And because of the result we've seen, we think we're in good shape there, and we feel that we can regionally supply very effectively between Taiwan, Japan and Korea, and so we don't feel that the fact that China is growing very rapidly causes us problem. I mean, we've been shipping glass to China for a long time. So capital spending, you should feel pretty good about the $1.3 billion this year. And right now is, as I think we've told you, we think it's $1.3 billion again next year, and display is not a big good portion of that. It really is driven by some spending in our other business, including environmental.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes, we're pretty happy with our asset platform in China as well. It's all been previously announced what we're doing. The productivity there looks really good.
Operator: Our next question is from Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just had a couple of questions. Jim, on the $2 billion buyback plan you announced, from a funding perspective, will you need to repatriate any cash? Or do you think you can fund that based on what you have onshore? And I just wanted to clarify your gross margin of 42.4% came in about 200 basis points above, I think, your expectations. Again, I think, given all the restatements, can you just help me understand is that a "clean number"? How does it compare to last year's gross margin? It seems like it was flattish, and then I had one other follow-up.
James B. Flaws: So on gross margin, the 200 basis point improvement was driven by very strong manufacturing within, particularly, telecom and Gorilla, really drove the improvement in expectations, and I can't remember what last year's number is. Maybe Ann can look it up in the script. I just can't remember off the top of my head. Your first question was on?
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just the funding mechanism of the $2 billion buyback plan, would you need to repatriate any cash? Or do you think you have enough onshore to fund the $2 billion buyback if you chose to go through the entire amount?
James B. Flaws: We don't have a need to repatriate the cash. We are not changing our assertion that it's permanently invested during the timeframe that we're talking about.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up, maybe one for you, Wendell. The sequential growth in telecom and Gorilla Glass, can you give us any insight in terms of what the drivers are, where you're seeing that sequential growth coming from?
Wendell P. Weeks: Definitely, and I'll add quick -- briefly to Jim's previous comment. So I think your question was right on, on are these results clean? And given our move to core earnings, it's great question and they are. It's one of the reasons we're doing it this quarter, and to try to match going forward, the economic reality of being hedged out at JPY 93 ought to be able to help us and help you all be able to get a nice, clean forward-looking forecast as well. So now on to that forecast in sequentials; in telecom, we would expect the sequential ups to be driven by a season output; normal, it's a little bit above normal seasonality increases out of China especially, as well as some uptick in our enterprise business. In specialty and in Gorilla, we'll see that uptick be linked more to new product launches, and we'd expect that to ramp through the year. For example, something like the Galaxy S4, which is just going to start really ramping up their supply chain in quarter 2 with Gorilla Glass 3.
James B. Flaws: Just a follow-up on your gross margin question, Ann tells me quarter 1 of the year-ago was 42%.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fox of Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: A couple of questions for me. Just following up on that last question, could you talk about SG&A in a similar manner? It looks like it came in, by my count, $30 million, $35 million less than you guys were originally guiding to now, and I was curious if that's sustainable. And then secondly, Jim, just on the equity earnings line, that came in greater than expected. How much was that related to, not including the solar polysilicon results in the numbers? And by not including it, is that sort of an admission that we're definitely going to see a write-down of those assets?
James B. Flaws: On the latter, I think it was $5 million. So Hemlock was not a significant exclusion, and no, it's not an admission. It really was our choice on taking Hemlock out. I really feel it's got -- it's so much influenced by what's happening on the trade war between China, the United States and Europe, that you really run the risk of the results being affected by that rather than really what we focus on, which is making and selling product. We do not have a ruling for MOFCOM. They delayed it. Again, we now think it's going to be in June. We don't know what it's going to be so we're not predicting that, but we just decided it would be easier for you to not have the potential swings in Hemlock in our results, but in quarter 1, it was a very tiny amount. I think some of the SG&A gain is sustainable from quarter 1, but not all of it.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: And then just one quick follow-up on the equity earnings line. So just a little bit more color around Dow Corning. It looks like, I guess, the core silicones business is improving more. Is that -- can you just talk about your outlook now for that business recovering as the year goes on?
James B. Flaws: Yes, we're expecting it to improve again in quarter 2. Silicone does go through a cycle. The cycle is driven somewhat by capacity adds in the industry. Dow Corning did that, as well as some of our competition. There has been raw material pressure but -- so 2012 probably was a low point if you look at silicone margins. And we think we're still getting as the industry grows in some of that new capacity and with moderation in some raw material pricing, we think that we're starting to move up on the margin cycle, and so we're expecting improvement in silicones in quarter 2. And as of now, I have no reason to not expect the back half of the year to be good year-over-year also.
Operator: And next we'll go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask first what the EPS would have been in the quarter under the old accounting or maybe kind of put another way, I just wanted to understand in terms of the FX impact that was included, clearly, the cost of the hedges excluded, but what about the move of the yen up to JPY 93, was that included in the quarterly results or it's not? What would that have looked like if it had not been excluded?
James B. Flaws: Well, the yen, there really is no change. I mean, because the yen was PJPY 93, and so there really was no impact and the cost of the hedge for the quarter after tax was a very small amount.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes. So I think the core answer to your question is no difference. That's one of the reasons we wanted to do it this quarter. Core earnings are about going forward on the volatility standpoint and to be able to link to our actual hedge.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the other question is on your guidance for a relatively flat volume into the second quarter. That seemed a bit weaker than I would expect it, given that you had some correction in the first quarter in seasonality, and even some of your customers, like LG Display, had guided for something a bit higher. So can you just go into the drivers of that view and then what you see in terms of inventory downstream?
James B. Flaws: What goes into that view is our reflection on the fact that inventories grew again in quarter 1 and are likely to grow a little in quarter 2, and we think that level will temper a little the potential volume that the panel makers will take. We recognize we could be wrong in that. And I would say if we had to say where the error would come, it might be stronger. Clearly, the demand right now from our panel maker customers is quite strong. We're actually air shipping in order to meet their demand. So it could be that it is -- that we'll actually see it go up. It's just that our caution is we measure the amount of inventory in the supply chain north of where the panel makers are as we're worried that it is -- it's built up quite a bit, and therefore, that's what led us to our flat guidance.
Wendell P. Weeks: Based on the high side, are healthy. But to your point, it's -- we'd like to see the May sales in China, and then it could be that we're underestimating where the market is going to be.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in your view, what explains that disconnect between your customers requiring you to air-ship while at the same time you're having excess levels of inventory?
Wendell P. Weeks: I don't think they're in excess. We'd say they're just on the high side of healthy, right? And I think what it really comes down to is how big a sales cycle do they see, especially in China as the retailers get ready for the May day sales.
James B. Flaws: I just want to make sure you understand that the inventories we're talking about are not at the panel makers. So it is our estimation of what exists at a set assembly in a retail, and the panel makers are continuing to run strong. In order to keep up with them, we're doing some air shipping, which, regretfully, is costing us a little bit in gross margin. But if China, the May holidays perform as well as what we saw in the New Year's holidays, we could be surprised on the upside and do a little bit better what our guidance has been.
Operator: The next question is from Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of clarifications first. Jim, the $100 million hedge expenses, where does that show up or where are we going to see in the P&L? And also the change in pension accounting that you made, did that have an impact on EPS this quarter and what do you expect that to be for the year? And then I have some fundamental follow-ups.
James B. Flaws: Well, on the pension, it basically was $0.01, and it's in both this year and last year so it really isn't making a change statement. The cost of the hedge, we exclude from core performance. But as you divide the $100 million by 8 quarters and tax effective, it's a very small amount.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That is helpful. Digging a little bit deeper into the equity earnings, the $173 million versus -- we had about $120 million, count that SCP was probably around $17 million of that. The rest, did that come basically from silicones? And can you just give more color on what is driving that? You did make some comments that you think it's sustainable and it comes back. Just what are the drivers there and sort of to understand kind of the moving pieces? And then on cash, someone asked before and I'm not sure I caught the answer, what is your U.S. cash balance right now? I think it was $1.5 billion at the end of last year.
James B. Flaws: Cash balance is $1.2 billion right now.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: In the U.S.?
James B. Flaws: In the U.S. And in terms of equity earnings, it's -- we believe that silicone business is doing quite well in the current quarter. It's going to continue to do well in the second quarter.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Any drivers behind that? I mean, what's creating that so that I can track?
James B. Flaws: So we've said demand is good. Pricing has been okay. Raw materials have been -- costs have been improving versus where they were. So those are the primarily things. Demand is good in China, good in the United States, weak in Europe.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I've always thought sales have just more been somewhat of a GDP-related thing because they go into a lot of different areas. So is that a comment on macro, in general, looking better from the perspective of product that silicones go into...
James B. Flaws: They have a very high correlation with GDP or industrial production. It depends on which segment, the usage of it. But I think the thing you have to remember, as emerging economies start to move up the scale, if you will, of development, they actually use more silicone per population. So you actually get a multiplier effect even though, say, China's GDP is 7.7%, as an example, the growth in silicones will be higher because -- consistently seeing developing economies as more silicones per person, if you will, as they move up the scale of life, and so that's what where we think we're seeing some of the strength.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And China's GDP was even stronger last year, and yet, it wasn't really helping you then. So I'm just trying to find out what was the turning point of what's happening now that hasn't happened previously that seems to be bringing that category back up again? Is there anything you can pinpoint or...
James B. Flaws: Because last year, we -- you were seeing perspective from our price competition and we're not seeing that right now.
Wendell P. Weeks: So overlaying the GDP pieces in those factors, you also have just sort of the supply-demand cycles that you get in silicones over time, and feel like it bottomed out last year, and it's starting its lock-up as an industry as they get better and better balance between demand and supply.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And from your standards, is this a 1, 2, 3-year cycle? So this is the beginning of a multiyear upswing or is this a -- does it happen every year, it goes up and down?
James B. Flaws: No, we think silicones is coming off a low point in terms of margin performance. And assuming the world's economies behave, sales should grow. The unknown for us is really going to be Europe. It's really hard to tell what's going to happen in the European economies, and that's clearly been a drag on Dow Corning, but I think we're starting to stabilize a little. Even though it's at a lower level, that's helpful for Dow Corning.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So first of all, congrats on the hedging. It's a pretty cheap price to get for all that for $5.2 billion worth of hedges, and a couple of questions on the rest of the business. I wanted to just check in on the inventory again and see -- you've been talking about this structural reduction in inventory over time, and I wonder, based on what we're seeing now, do you think that we're coming to an end of that and that inventory is actually kind of reaching its stability point, or do you think this is just kind of a short-term fluctuation in inventory we're observing? And then I also wanted to talk a little bit about the -- or get you to talk a little bit about the panel supply/demand situation as we head into the back end of the year. I mean, we see some of these -- well, a lot of these panel manufacturers running pretty high utilization rates now, and we're not at the peak season. So I wonder, do you think that -- do you think there's going to be enough supply in the second half of the year to meet demand even in a more cautious economic scenario? And then I've got a follow-up to that as well.
James B. Flaws: A lot of questions. So the structural reduction in inventory that we talked about in December of 2011, we still believe that, that can occur. What has surprised us is the willingness of the supply chain to carry more inventory than what we expected, and we continue to struggle a bit as per the reasons as outlined in my prepared remarks. We clearly think that there could be some impact from the fact that panel prices have been relatively stable, and what has often driven supply chain fluctuations has been when -- particularly when people think there's about to be a big reduction in panel prices, no one wants to look dumb and buy when they're seeing that. So we think that stability maybe playing into effect. The second thing, again, hard to prove is the LCD television market basically gets the full penetration, and we're capturing the more emerging parts of China as an example and other parts around the world. It may be that the supply chains are just less efficient. The third factor that we're seeing is that the panel industry has chosen to improve their own efficiencies and also position themselves better, seeing the proliferation of new sizes. So at one time, life was pretty simple. It was either a 32 or 37 or 40 or 42 or 46. Now you see these new sizes like 39 coming in. And the more models you have, the more inventory you have. So we still believe over time that the supply chain will become efficient and will go down, but it's definitely carrying more than what we originally expected. Do you have any comment on the panel supply, Wendell, in terms of, we know there's more capacity coming on in China, and as the year progresses so we're hopeful that, that is enough to supply the demand, but I don't have a lot of current data on panel supply.
Wendell P. Weeks: It's hard to tell at this point in time, I'd say. But boy, it would really be good if you were right.
James B. Flaws: Yes, exactly.
Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I need my follow-up. I don't know, Jim, I wonder if you could make any comment on your cash return policy, going forward, particularly the dividend as you're thinking about metrics there. Do you have a payout ratio in mind or a yield in mind? Or can you just give us any feeling for how you're thinking about that looking forward?
James B. Flaws: We have not yet set a firm policy with the board as either a yield or a percentage of our free cash flow. I can tell you that the board's deliberations went into the announcement today is that we're really dedicating our free cash flow over this year and next year to shareholder returns through a combination of dividend and share repurchase. And I think, as always, I think we'd love to continue to increase the dividend as our earnings go up. We want to be cautious not to get too strong on the dividend because you never want to have to lower it and we lived through that once before. But I think you can expect to see the dividend continue to go up as our earnings go up, and that's dedicated to free cash flow, the remaining free cash flow against share repurchases as long as we feel the company's undervalued, which we clearly do.
Operator: And that will be from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions. First off, Wendell, if the yen continues to weaken further, the prognosis being much closer to like JPY 115 to JPY 125 or something like that over the next 12 months, how do you think that your competitors are likely to respond in terms of pricing, given that you have hedged, do you think that it doesn't matter anymore? So I would like to have your thoughts on that, at least on the qualitative perspective, and then I have a follow-up.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, what -- economically, you would believe if there were macroeconomic [ph] decision-makers is that it ought to have a very moderating effect on pricing because customers are getting the benefits from that and actually, the weakening yen hurts their financials because of the way their cost structures are built and the way their P&L works. So that ought to give strong motivation to them to be more moderate in their pricing behavior, if indeed they're macroeconomic [ph] decision-makers.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Just as a follow-up, Jim, just -- you alluded in your prepared remarks that the gross margins on Gorilla Glass was getting better. Just wanted to get your thoughts on the puts and takes in terms of how the ASP declines were in Gorilla Glass and how your cost reduction initiatives have begun?
James B. Flaws: Our cost reduction is exceeding our ASP declines on Gorillas. So just a reminder on Gorilla, this remains a relatively new business and new product and we're making improvements in our cost structure as we're making that glass thinner and improving our yields so we are moving up the gross margins of that, and the profitability remains well above the corporate average and it's improving.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: And Jim, do have any closing statements?
James B. Flaws: Yes, I do. A couple of quick wrap-up comments for me. First of all, we do have one Investor Relations announcement. We'll be attending the JPMorgan TMT Conference on May 14 in Boston, and we hope to see a number of you there. I'd like to just summarize the call this morning. First, we think we've made great progress on stabilizing display, and then returning that business to positive momentum. We didn't talk a lot this morning, but we continue to do well with new products for various usages. Second, we're executing on our goal to grow our earnings and our other businesses. We saw very strong aggregate growth and profitability from our other businesses. Third, we grew core earnings per share year-over-year by double digits, both in quarter 4 and quarter 1, and we think this is very strong evidence that we are marching up on earnings. We think we've moved very assertively and appropriately to protect the company investors with our yen hedges. And we remain very committed to shareholder returns, and we've acted on that commitment by increasing our dividend for the third time in 18 months, effectively doubling it, and announcing a $2 billion share repurchase. You should consider these new actions is approximately a $3.2 billion commitment over the next 2 years, essentially putting our free cash flow work for shareholders, in line with our belief the company is undervalued at its current price. And finally, looking ahead to Q2, we are very confident that we will have a third consecutive quarter of year-over-year core earnings growth, driven by moderate LCD glass price declines and excellent growth in telecom, Gorilla Glass and Life Sciences. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, Jim, and thank you, all, for joining us today. The playback of the call is available, beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern today and will run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday, May 8. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 287833. The audio cast, of course, is available on our website during that time. John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann Nicholson - Director of Investor Relations James Flaws - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Rod Hall - JPMorgan Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amitabh Passi - UBS Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital Jim Suva - Citi Brian White - Topeka Steven Fox - Cross Research Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated quarter four 2012 earnings results. It's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ms. Ann Nicholson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, John and good morning. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter conference call. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will start the call with some prepared remarks. Before Jim begins, I would like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Flaws: Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. I would like to begin today by looking back at 2012. This time last year, we knew we were facing some external headwinds. First in our display business, second in the solar business that are equity venture Dow Corning and third, in the macroeconomic environment. In our LCD Glass segment, we had experienced significant pricing step down in Q4 2011 that would continue into Q1 of 2012. Those price declines unfortunately reset the corporation's profitability to a lower level. So, we laid out a plan to first stabilize the company's earnings and second to grow earnings again. Call this plan for modern workshop the key element of earnings stabilization was to moderate our price declines in LCD glass and also to regain positive momentum in the display segment and our plan to grow earnings again would be driven by a telecom environmental, specialty materials and Life Sciences segment. I am very pleased to say now one year later, we have made great progress against both components over the course of 2012. Now, let me share some highlights from the year. Coming into 2012, we quickly brought our LCD glass supply in balance with our demand. We successfully moderated our price declines in Q2 and Q3. And late in the third quarter, we entered into new agreements with some LCD customers. Now these agreements caused Q4 price declines to be slightly above Q2, Q3 levels in our wholly-owned business, but we believe these agreements are integral part of our plan to stabilize our display business. And now, our Q1 price guidance is that we expect price declines to moderate from what experienced in Q4. We achieved record sales and expanded gross margins of our non-display businesses and feel particularly good about achieving these results despite the worldwide economies' significant negative impact on all our segments. When the economic malaise affected our business in the second half, we quickly took actions to control costs, manufacturing groups responded with great performance and commercial groups captured all the opportunity. We also retained our strong balance sheet while returning cash to shareholders in the form of an increased dividend and completion of the major stock buyback. We closed the significant acquisition in Life Sciences positioning it to become $1 billion business. And lastly, our young fast-growing Gorilla Glass business achieved $1 billion in sales, a 44% increase over 2011, so something we take tremendous pride in. It's a great example of how we bring life-changing innovations to market and demonstrates our ability to generate big revenue streams quickly. Now I would like to turn to quarter four with some highlights. Quarter four was a record sales quarter 160 or one history, nice accompanying our new full year record sales, I think more importantly, we returned to year-over-year EPS growth in the quarter before special items. This demonstrates progress against our plan to form modern workshop and this improvement would have been even better if not for the sudden weakening the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate, Hemlock's business conditions. I will talk more about these later. Both our display and specialty material segment sales exceeded our initial expectations for the quarter. We believe display demand was driven by retail expectations for Q1, especially for Chinese New Year, and I will comment more on that in a minute. Specialty material Gorilla Glass business grew almost 15%, sequentially as the supply chain dealt with surging smartphone growth and new product launches. On the other hand, environmental technologies sales were lower than expected as the light-duty auto industry took longer year in shutdowns and adjusted inventory in a continued softer demand environment. In light of the current situation in market for solar grade polysilicon, Hemlock Semiconductor has seen steep declines in volume pricing in 2012. It's negatively impacted our equity earnings in the fourth quarter. Lastly, the yen, dollar exchange rate moved very sharply and significantly in December, negatively impacting our earnings in Q4 both, sequentially and year-over-year, and something we are watching closely as we enter 2013. Now let me delve into the fourth quarter details. In quarter four, we had a number of special items. I had previewed these for you on our Q3 call. We took a corporate-wide restructuring charge to reduce our fixed cost. We actually realized some translation gains from the liquidation of an internal entity and we also took asset impairment charges in specially materials for our large cover glass operations and our other major equity venture is Dow Corning Corporation and Samsung Corning Precision. Our quarter results, today is ex-specials, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to GAAP reconciliations on our website. I am pleased to announce our results, both sales and earnings per share were above consensus for the quarter. Fourth quarter sales were $2.15 billion, up 5% versus Q3 and 14% from a year ago. Gross margins, ex-specials were 43%, consistent sequentially as we had expected. SG&A and R&D were flat on a dollar basis sequentially versus a year ago. They were also flat on a dollar basis and down as a percentage of sales reflecting our efforts at cost control. Gross equity earnings of $198 million, excluding specials, were down about 14% sequentially and worse than our expectations, driven by even further volume decline at Dow Corning's subsidiary, Hemlock Semiconductor Corporation. I will expand my comments on Hemlock later in the call. As I previewed EPS, excluding special items, was $0.34, even with Q3 and up $0.01 from versus a year ago. EPS, as stated here, is a non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our sales by $21 million and net income by $16 million sequentially in the quarter. For the year, sales were $8 billion, slightly up from 2011. Corporate gross margins, ex-specials, were down two percentage points driven by the significant year-over-year price declines on LCD glass business that I mentioned in my opening. Specialty Materials improved their gross margin by double digits in 2012 driven by higher volumes in Gorilla Glass. We improve gorilla manufacturing performance and reduced the losses of large-scale cover glass for the Sony televisions. Now moving down to the income statement, gross, equity earnings, ex-specials, were 35%. Our effective tax rate increased for the year through 13% to 18%. The larger increase in Q4 reflects the accounting treatment that caught us up on the full year rate. Our full year tax rate was 18.4%. I have more to say about taxes later and also at our upcoming investor relations day, as the recent activity in Washington D.C. has actually benefited Corning. EPS for the year, excluding special items, was a $1.29 versus $1.76 in 2011. The primary driver of the earnings decline year-over-year was the significant impact of LCD glass price declines in our wholly-owned business at SCP and reductions in Dow Corning's equity earnings. Again, EPS, as stated here is a non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation can be found on our website. Now, I would like to turn to our detail quarter four and full year segment results. I will start with display. Display sales were $800 million in Q4, an increase of 5% sequentially and 3% versus last year. The Yen exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $27 million. Gross equity earnings, ex-specials, from our equity venture in Korea were $157 million in Q4, a decrease of 16% versus the third quarter. Results included Corning share of nonrecurring charges of approximately $12 million including pension expense. During Q4, SCP also took some restructuring actions totaling $18 million in charges to our equity earnings, mainly for some asset write-offs. For your modeling purposes, display equity company's fourth quarter LCD sales were about $749 million, an increase of 1% versus the third quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings report SCP total which include various other products such as CRT, glass and ITO targets. As we expected, our wholly-owned LCD glass volumes were up in the mid-teens sequentially and more than a third year-over-year, driven by customer utilization increases in our new agreements. Volumes at SCP were up slightly sequentially in year-over-year. Volume increases were in line with their customer utilization rates. Now, recall in Q3 of 2012, we signed new agreements with some key customers. These agreements stabilized Corning's share at each and maintained a fixed relationship between Corning's pricing and competitive pricing at that customer. So far, these new agreements have had or intended in fact of keeping our share of the customers stable as required by the terms of the agreement. This share stability has allowed us to better forecast our capacity needs thus to maintain high levels of capacity utilization at our plants and improve our cost performance. We also explained that initially we expected those new agreements would result in slightly higher price declines in Q4 than in the prior two quarters due to some initial adjustments to line up our prices with the requirements of the new agreement. In quarter four, we did in fact see middle single digit price declines in our wholly-owned business. However, SCP sales of new price declines remain more moderate in Q4. Net income ex-specials were down 8%, sequentially driven primarily by the lower equity earnings at SCP. For the full year, display sales were $2.9 million, down 8%. Higher volumes were more than offset by price declines. Sales for the full year were not impacted by changes in the yen exchange rate. Now turning to industry data, the glass market for 2012 was about 3.7 billion square feet. That's about 15%. On the supply chain front, we estimate that inventory grew measured weeks, the trunk in absolute square feet during the quarter, because Q1 is seasonally lower retail or watch inventories closely, but I will comment more on the supply chain in the outlook section. As retail data for quarter four begins to come in, we estimate retails glass demand was approximately $3.5 billion in 2012 as expected. LCD television unit demand was essentially flat year-over-year on a worldwide basis. However, you take out Japan, where the absence of the echo point tax credit caused TV sales to be down 60%, the worldwide television unit demand last year was up 3%. We believe the weak macro economy, dampened demand during the year. However, very importantly for us, large sized televisions continue to sell well all year driving the average screen size higher by 2 inches in 2012, and 50-inch plus televisions grew by more than 50% in 2012. And based upon what we saw at the Consumer Electronics Show, we have expectations of this trend continuing next year. Now turning to telecom, quarter four sales were $540 million, up 3%, sequentially, and 10% year-over-year. The ramp of Australia's NBN project and reconstruction efforts followed by Hurricane Sandy drove the sequential increase. The year-over-year increase was also driven by the NBN project and increased sales of fiber China. Net income, ex-specials, was up 23% sequentially, the primary driver improvement in earnings from Q3 were the higher sales and improved manufacturing efficiencies. Q4 net income, ex-specials was up year-over-year by 505% or $22 million. Improvement in net income was driven by the 10% sales increase and manufacturing efficiencies. For the full year, sales were $2.1 billion, cable, fiber-to-the-home and wireless sales were up double-digit percents. We were quite pleased with these results given the weakening economy in the second half. The demand for fiber in China was strong every quarter. Now, our telecom's annual net income ex-specials $135 million was down 20%. This earnings decline for the full year was due mainly to weaker product mix in the first half of the year and non-repeat of compensation bonuses versus 2011, which were very low in 2012 which we intend to pay bonuses in telecom. In Environmental, Q4 sales were $219 million, down 6%, sequentially versus our expectation of flat-to-down down slightly. European demand for light-duty diesel products fell further in the fourth quarter and the impact of year end supply chain shutdowns was greater than anticipated. Net income, ex specials was down 35%, sequentially, and 39% year-over-year driven by these lower sales and lower production volumes. For the year, environmental sales were down 3%, driven primarily by lower sales of light-duty diesel products in Europe. Heavy-duty sales were up in 2012 but were impacted in the second half by the slowing economy as Class 8 truck manufacturers adjusted production in their inventories. Environmental improved their gross margins three percentage points in 2012 due to strong manufacturing efficiency improvements despite the lower volumes. In Specially Materials, we had another record quarter with sales up 10% sequentially and 68% year-over-year. Gorilla glass demand was up significantly in the quarter driven by IT and handheld customers ramping for new product introductions. Net income, ex-specials, was up slightly sequentially with improvements in Gorilla Glass gross margins. However this was partially offset by increased research spending on some new innovations in glass. For the full year, sales were up 25% on an unprecedented demand for Gorilla Glass. Net income, ex-specials, for the full year improved primarily on expanding gross margins in Gorilla Glass business. Gorilla Glass gross margins, 40% above the corporate average in 2011, improve the 2012 on higher volumes. For those of you who are new to Corning's manufacturing processes, glass melting is a high fixed cost business, so we get more glass volume, we get good variable margins, sooner we run efficiently and this was the case in 2012. And we expect further gains in 2013 for Gorilla Glass. In Life Sciences, our Q4 sales were up sequentially and year-over-year due to the additional sales from our large acquisition, which actually closed on October 31. The acquisition and integration is just underway. It's going smoothly. We expect this deal to be accretive to this segment. Net income, ex-specials, was up on additional sales. For the year, Life Sciences sales were $657 million, up primarily due to Discovery Labware acquisition. Now net income was down year-over-year but this was due to the acquisition expenses, integration cost and some specials related to it. Now turning to Dow Corning. Gross equity earnings, ex-specials, were down 13% in Q4 due to the lower sales of polysilicon. Versus a year ago, silicone sales were up slightly, but polysilicon sales are much lower driven by a dramatic lowering prices and lower volume due to the continuing softness of the solar market. This is reflected in year-over-year gross equity earnings decline of 33%. During the fourth quarter, Dow Corning took special charges of $175 million for workforce reductions in both silicones and polysilicon and also for the write-offs of some polysilicon assets. Our share these charges was $87 million. The 2012 Dow Corning sales net income and our equity earnings were all down, driven primarily by the lower sales of polysilicon. The impact of lower polysilicon volume and pricing impact 2012 equity earnings by approximately $150 million, with about 24 million of it happening in the fourth quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the fourth quarter with $6.1 billion in cash, short-term investments. Capital spending for the quarter was $526 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was zero but that’s due to the closing of the Discovery Labware acquisition. As a reminder, free cash flow is actually a non-GAAP measure. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. We completed our share repurchase program during the quarter and also acted to increase the dividend by 20% in the fourth quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion in cash in the United States. Our capital spending for the year was $1.8 billion, about $100 million lower than our forecast and our current expectation remains that cap spending in 2013 will fall year-over-year to about $1.3 billion. Now to our outlook and I will start with display. Let me start with our view in the end-market. We expect the retail market, as measured in square feet of glass, to be up mid to high single digits. For reference 2012 was 3.5 billion square feet. We think, LCD television, in units, will grow in mid-single digits, but area growth will be higher. We believe the trend of consumers buying larger televisions will continue. We are not as bullish on the PC market growth expecting 10% year-over-year unit growth, nearly all of it due to tablets and monitor units are expected to be down slightly. Now for quarter one. As we near the end of January, we see the quarter one LCD glass market declining mid-single digit, sequentially. This reflects normal seasonality that we have seen in display. Our wholly-owned display business and SCP combined are expected to be down this mid-single digits. Recall Q2 is actually the slower season at retail, so the supply chain should be moderate in Q1 to manage inventory. Now, some of you may recall that we expected the supply chain inventory to shrink in 2012 as measured weeks. In fact it actually expanded. Looking in 2013, however, we continue to believe it should shrink by about a half-a-week, but we admit it's a little bit of an unknown this early in the year. You should also note that the LCD glass market and volumes in Q1 will be up year-over-year reflecting a larger market. As for glass prices, recall again that our new agreements with key customers. Last October, we explained going forward after Q4 with our share stabilized and the industry maturing, we expected price declines to moderate at all of our customers, including those with the new agreements. The price decline that we expect in Q1 is less than Q4 in our wholly-owned business Now at SEP, price declines did not increase with Q4, so they are expected to be about the same as our wholly-owned business in Q1. As for our glass capacity, I want to reiterate, we intend to diligently manage our capacity, the supply as LCD enters its mature phase of growth. These new agreements actually help us better forecast our demand in 2013. Now Q1, we continue to run at high utilizations to support demand and actually to rebuild some inventory for both, our Gorilla and LCD glass businesses, both of which had inventories for us well below we consider healthy. Doing so provide us added flexibility for the growth later in the year. Now moving to telecom, we expect Q1 sales to be consistent with the strong Q4 [posting] about 5% year-over-year and that's driven primarily by the NBN ramp. Environmental, we expect Q1 sales to be consistent sequentially, it's down 15% year-over-year across both, light and heavy duty businesses and that's comparing to a very strong market in Q1 of 2012, when we had record auto production, very high volumes in heavy-duty diesel and healthier light-duty diesel market in Europe. For the full year, we believe auto production will grow driven by strength in North America and Asia. We also believe tighter regulations in Europe and China will to lead growth in demand for heavy-duty diesel products. Now specialty material sales are expected to decline about 30% in Q1 of the very high growth of Gorilla in Q3 and Q4. Now for comparative purposes, I want to remind you that Gorilla sales have always been weakest in the first quarter. This is due to the industry seasonality. I think the supply chain maybe adjusting some inventory in Q1 after some buildup in Q4. For the year, we expect double-digit market growth and it should be very strong driven by the penetration of touch and notebooks. We expect to the impact on this in the second half the year. Life Sciences, we expect sales to be up about 15% due the added sales from our acquisition. Now turning to Dow Corning, we expect equity earnings from Dow Corning to be down in the quarter. Silicone sales are expected to be about flat, but the demand for polysilicon in Dow Corning's consolidated subsidiary Hemlock Semiconductor was down severely to about half of what we had in Q4. This will significantly impact the profitability of Dow Corning, and therefore we expect equity earnings from Dow Corning to be only a few million dollars for quarter one. Now I am going to take some extra time on Hemlock situations this morning and I referenced it again on Investor Day. I am going to comment mostly on polysilicon portion of solar industry. I believe you know there have been significant impacts to other portions of the solar industry, wafer, cells, installation, government subsidies that are related in some cases causing the impact to our poly market. I will just pause to remind you that Hemlock also makes polysilicon for the semiconductor market and that part of our business remains fine with prices strong and demand good. Now there have been two primary step downs that have affected Hemlock's business. First, the market for solar poly began to suffer in 2011 as growth in the solar market was less than expected in a maturing market and by the impact of new poly capacity brought online worldwide. The solar poly industry moved to a significant overcapacity position and this resulted in steep declines in the spot price of poly. The drop in the spot price was so severe in quarter four of 2011 that long-term contractual customers of poly producers such as Hemlock and others strongly request negotiations on price. Now long-term followers of Corning would recall that Hemlock prepared for this eventuality by requiring customer prepayments against the contracts. The theory was that, even if the spot price went down lower than contract, customers would not attempt to walk away from these contracts and their prepayments. However for Q4 of 2011, the spot prices had fallen so for, actually in to the mid-$20s level, that contractual customers were requesting contract modifications. Now Hemlock responded by making some temporary adjustments to the contracts. The price was lowered substantially and done quarter by quarter. However, in return for this change, customers were not allowed to earn back their prepays. These temporary adjustments did not change the firm commitment of customers to the take-or-pay nature with poly over the life of the contract. Hemlock made these modifications with the expectations and perhaps I should say hope, that the industry would sort itself out by shutting down excess capacity and the price would climb back over time. The second big step down here relates to trade disputes on solar. In the United States, there was a dumping complaint against China solar cells inventory. The initial ruling in spring 2012 called for duties being imposed. Last summer, in July, China announced the dumping investigation on the polysilicon imports for solar into China. First against the U.S. S U.S. sellers of poly and later expanded the case to include Korea and the European makers of poly. China's Ministry of Commerce, known as MOFCOM, is investigating and has announced that they will have a preliminary ruling due in late February 2013. The Chinese market has been very important for Hemlock sales of solar poly. As the MOFCOM investigation became known, Hemlock began experiencing declining solar sales in to China. This started in August and then reached higher levels in the fourth quarter. It is our belief that no importer of solar poly wants to be subject to potential retroactive business. Given excess of poly capacity inventories, why would they take a chance. This is the second step is impacted Hemlock so much in Q4 and will in Q1. Obviously, we don’t know what MOFCOM will rule and if they will even stick to their February date. We also don’t know how the industry will react to whatever the ruling is. All I can tell you is Hemlock is preparing for a variety of different scenarios including difficult ones. The market for solar grade polysilicon is almost nonexistent now as the industry deals with excess inventories and the way its resolution of these area's trade exists. We believe solar customers are just not buying polysilicon until they have more certainty regarding the MOFCOM investigation of China. As I mentioned earlier in the call, Hemlock Semiconductor imports some assets. These brutal conditions in the solar polysilicon market are impacting our equity earnings but we believe that Hemlock's board will actually take appropriate action to minimize these losses, even if it requires further impairments and layoffs. Now we will communicate with you as we learn more regarding the MOFCOM investigation and the implications for Hemlock. I would like to remind you that at Hemlock, they prepared for negative volatility in the solar polysilicon industry. Hemlock had built additional capacity based on the long-term contracts with these customers. These contracts have actually very firm language about customer obligations to fulfill their commitments and Hemlock reinforced these contracts by mandating customer prepays. We believe Hemlock is in a strong position to mitigate against severe issues. If necessary, the management team will move to enforce the take-o-pay in nature of the contracts. These contracts actually held up last year in resolution for one customer and Hemlock believes they will again in the future, if needed. Potential timing of restructuring impairment and contract resolutions may make the individual quarters for Hemlock bumpy. However, Corning believes that Hemlock has the ability to reset operations to the lower level if that's where the market is and reduce the negative drag in earnings. Corning also believes the strength of the contract should allow Hemlock to offset the impact of any possible asset impairments or restructuring. The people in the solar industries are very disappointing. We actually continue to believe that polycrystalline solar technology does have a future. However, it may be a bumpy road. In the meantime, we believe Corning investors should judge Corning's earnings per share without the ups and downs at Hemlock. We will begin helping [evaluate] Corning on those basis. Now let me turn to the rest of our Q1 forecast. We expect gross margin to decrease by two points, driven mainly by lower sales during the quarter. SG&A and R&D spending will be consistent with the fourth quarter. Equity earnings excluding special items will be down 35%. Our effective tax rate for 2013 will be about 19%. This projected rate is only slightly higher than 2012 as we expect a higher mix of income from our wholly-owned business, which were taxed at higher rates than equity earnings. However, it's much lower than what we previously told you, because the U.S. law signed in effect on January 3rd, included a tax extenders, which are very favorable to Corning. Now, as investors know, we currently price for LCD glass in Japanese yen. We have highlighted impact of yen to U.S. moves for investors for many years versus the foreign exchange rate moves. We do believe that the strengthening yen put more price pressure on LCD business in periods from 2008 to 2012. The current weakening yen has potential to help us moderate price declines. As you know the yen has depreciated very suddenly, actually more than 10% since the beginning of December. Of course, we are hopeful there will be no further weakening. At the same time, we are considering various actions to minimize its impacts if it weakens further. As a reminder, our results move these changes in the yen to the U.S. dollar exchange rate. Our LCD glass is sold in the yen. When the yen weakens, it lowers our display results. On the other hand it improves panel makers results, because the panel industry [sales]. When the yen strengthens, the opposite happens. Specific to Corning, if the yen moves one point higher or lower in Q1, we estimate our sales would decrease or increase by $8 million. Now similar to panel makers, we also have some Gorilla glass manufacturing cost in the yen, but all of our Gorilla glass is sold in dollars, so the net impact of a one point move on our net income is only $6 million. Now that concludes my opening comments, and I will turn it back to Ann.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. John, we'd now like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions). First with the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Jim, we understand your focus on share stability for display glass to better forecast capacity and so far so good. What do the predictive indicators on pricing change foretell about the market share intentions from your competitors? I asked since every action has a reaction, and I am wondering if rationality maybe prevail in the industry or do you feel that competitors are still considering what they should do at this time and due to external factors such as currency that should imply some share shift in the forthcoming quarters.
James Flaws: Mark, after what you speak direct to our competition about their intentions, we believe what we've seen in quarter one both, in terms of how the contracts are working on our share and on more moderate price declines indicates that now we believe the industry is moving to more moderate price declines for LCD glass, so that's the only initial indicator I can give you. I believe our competition is announcing the results today next week, so we look forward to hearing what they have to say about guidance, but that's our strong belief that we can see moderation the price declines in the LCD business.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Then maybe if I touched on Gorilla glass, where you are focusing on moving up more capacity there? Gorilla Glass, which is still highly differentiated, are we at a point where prices for Gorilla Glass can actually start stabilizing or not decline since it is a premium product that is going to a lot of premium end markets such as smartphones and tablets? What should we assume for pricing for Gorilla Glass for the balance of the year?
James Flaws: We expect prices to decline on Gorilla. This remains a new product. It's in a consumer electronics industry. Although we think we can keep up with any price declines. The price declines in Gorilla tend to happen in the first quarter of the year. So you should expect some price declines this year. But we are very confident we can keep up with that in terms of our cost reduction and experience the great growth that we expect from this market going forward and we continue to do very well with all customers. Our recent announcement of our Gorilla 3 went over very well at the Consumer Electronic Show and we are expecting a strong conversion rate of new customers through this improved damage resistant glass.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: Jim, I wanted to clarify one thing you said, which is, I know that you said that specialty materials is expected to be down 30% sequentially. Just wanted to make sure that we heard that right. Then if that is correct, Jim, can you give a little more color on that, is that then to due demand driven decline that are a little bit more decline than you would have anticipated or is there something else going on? Are there other structural changes in the use of Gorilla Glass and some factors coming up? That sort of thing? So, if you maybe could give some color on that. Then, the other thing, maybe more on the positive side, I wanted to ask you about is the panel industry, just maybe if you could comment, in 2013, about the supply capacity of the panel industry. Whether you think the supply gets short as we move through 2013 or just what you think the situation there is and how that might come back and impact glass pricing?
James Flaws: Sure, Rod. So, on gorilla, I did say 30% and we think it is probably slightly higher than what the normal seasonality that we have experienced in Gorilla to be, probably because there was a little inventory build in Q4 but we now are six-year Gorilla and what we determined is Q1 is always the quarter where we see the weaker demand. So it is demand driven but that demand maybe partially affected by inventory. We see no change in market share for Gorilla. In fact, we think Gorilla 3 will actually improve our position. It’s a much better product. So we are not worried about the slight down in Q1 and actually anticipating very strong growth in the remainder of the year. In the back half of the year, we think touch will begin emerging on notebooks and as you know, notebooks are about twice as big as a tablet and many times bigger than the smartphones. So we think that will be good for us. So we are not worried about the slight down in Q1. Relative to the panel industry, it is a little hard for us to judge. Clearly the panel capacity has been moderated in terms of the growth over the past year and the new panel capacity in China by LG and Samsung is not coming on fast. So, as we continue to see the LCD market grow and I would emphasize again the large scale televisions and I mentioned the growth of 50 inches in the last year and average size going up. I don’t know if you had a chance to go to Consumer Electronic Show but clearly very large size and increasing focus on high-definition for those, I think, we will use up panel capacity whether it actually gets to its shortest or not, it is hard for me to judge from my position. But I would say there are good signs in the panel industry as well as in the LCD glass business.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: And Jim, could you just deeply follow up the first part of that question. Thank you for that. But I wanted to just see, could you maybe make a more general comment on your views of consumer demand situation right now? Do you feel that demand here is starting up is little weaker than you would have anticipated? Just generally any color you can give us on what you are thinking on consumer demand would be interesting.
James Flaws: You are asking for Gorilla demand at retail?
Rod Hall - JPMorgan: No just more general consumer demand, because you had made the commentary on TV demand maybe be little bit with a weaker year. I mean, do you feel like consumer demand in general at least the part with consumer demand you had stayed to is a little bit weaker than normal here heading into Q1? [Each year] report you think is going on with the consumer.
James Flaws: I would say. I have to break it down by geographies, but in the U.S. I think television demand is fine heading in the Super Bowl. People forget that people buy televisions after Christmas. In China, we've had good contact with our customers who by the glass there, and Chinese television sellers, remember the Chinese brands are about 70% there. Their expectations are for a good Chinese New Year. And, demand, I think it remains mediocre in Europe. That's really no surprise. In our car business, which is the other consumer phenomenon that we experienced. Car demand, I think, in the United States remain strong, very weak in Europe. I think car demand in China looks fine. We do not feel like we've seen this big downdraft from the United States, from the payroll tax rolling back on and obviously the fiscal cliff negotiations, no help. A lot of the American accept they very welcome, so we were not seeing the big downdraft in consumer demand.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Good morning Jim you mentioned mid single-digit growth for the LCD glass industry equates to about 3.7 million square feet. Where are we with glass supply now and where do you think will be exiting this year?
James Flaws: So, it's a little harder question to answer, Wamsi, than it used to, because how the mix for or Gorilla versus LCD, but we would say right now supply demand balance seems healthy. It was probably very tight in Q4, but healthy. We remain very full right now. The place where we have capacity down is in Korea. There really is no new footprint being built with one exception, I believe, of any duties one new tank in Korea, and so we are not really seeing new capacity come online. Obviously, everybody is continuing to progress to more thin glass, but that is a more gradual, so we expect the supply demand balance to remain in pretty good shape as we continue to grow so and we got it right in terms of fact the glass demand will grow again this year.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, Jim, and can you talk about what assets are getting written off at SCP? I think you've previously spoken about repurposing some of these assets and China. Is that still happening and in this write-off, is this incremental to that?
James Flaws: So what we did at SCP, they had bought some assets for expansion that we never implemented there and some of the assets were moved to their new project in China, but some of the assets actually couldn’t be moved. They are more fixed in nature, so that's what we impaired there. We are really not expecting that capacity again in Korea with what we know right now for LCD. So, it was really around the plans they had in 2011 that capacity that we put on hold and then now will move in equipment can be moved to China that it can't writing off.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. And last one for me, can you talk about what options you are looking at to mitigate the impact of the yen. Is this more along the line of hedging or is it actually changing the underlying denomination in which glass will be priced? Thanks.
James Flaws: We are looking at both alternatives. One alternative would be to go to U.S. dollar pricing. I think you are probably aware that the majority of the supply chain both, our customers get paid in dollars and most of the other components are priced in dollars. Then, we are also looking at whether we should hedge to protect ourselves from weakening in the yen.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And when would you make the determination.
James Flaws: I would tell you it's one of my top topics that I am working on.
Operator: Our next question is from Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi, thank you, Jim. My first question is for you. Any update on where we are with Gorilla Glass penetration and markets such as automotive? Then with respect to Gorilla Glass 3, how do we think about the potential benefit to Corning? Is there any sort of pricing premium you garner or is it simply just a higher or better value that you provide to your customers at existing pricing?
James Flaws: So, on the latter it's a better value that we provide to our customers. That's fundamentally what we do, actually, in all of our products. As we go through generation shifts, we try to provide better value to them. I think that’s getting very good reception. On Gorilla for automotive, as I think I said on an interview fairly recently, we are very confident that we will have an order this year for Gorilla Glass to be put on a car. Don't think big volumes, but the first order is the most important. So, I think, we remain very confident that that could occur this year.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Just maybe as a quick follow-up, Jim. You have taken quite a bit of charges related to workforce reductions as well. How do we think about potential benefits flowing through your P&L through 2013?
James Flaws: I think that we are looking for, as a result of the wholly-owned restructuring about maybe $60 million of cost benefit.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: In OpEx or at COGS?
James Flaws: It's spread between both. Probably a little bit more on the OpEx than on cost of goods sold.
Operator: Our next question is from Amir Rozwadowski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital: Thank you very much and good morning, first. Jim, just touching on Gorilla Glass, it seems like you continue to have very strong end-market demand there. In thinking about your addressable market, you just touched upon the automotive opportunity but how should we think about what your expectations are for touch-enabled devices outside of what have now been the traditional markets such as smartphones and tablets? Could we find ourselves in a position where there is incremental growth in the end market that you guys are looking at to put Gorilla Glass in to by this time next year?
James Flaws: Yes, Amir I hope you come to our IR Day on February 8, because Jim Clappin will be addressing our outlook for both but we continue to expect smartphones to grow as a percentage of overall phones. We think we are the product of choice for that. We think tablets will continue to grow in all formats, both small and the normal size that we have got used to. I think the big upside, for us, in consumer electronics for Gorilla will be touch moving into the notebook market. I think you may have heard Wendell talk about this longer range. We think this doubles the size of the potential opportunity for Gorilla. We think PC manufacturers are going to drive to put touch on that. Obviously the cost of incremental touch on a computer has to be not too extreme but we think that people are working on that and obviously work around products that will help them to do that at a lower cost. So I think the future is very bright but Jim Clappin is going to be walking through our detailed forecast in both areas.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital: Great, and then also Jim, if I may, a clarification on your LCD outlook. Given your expectations for moderate price decline, does that factor in any adjustments related to the recent move in the end? How should we think about that?
James Flaws: So, my comment on pricing as always I speak only in the yen-to-yen price declines. We obviously believe that the recent weakening in the yen which has benefited the panel makers should help us in trying to maintain low price declines. Remember that they took pain from the yen strengthening over that period of time. That increased the pressure on us. That's to be realized but when I gave you the moderate, it's the yen-to-yen.
Operator: Next, we will go to Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citi: Thank you and congratulations there to you and your team there at Corning. It looks like you are really putting a nice foundation. When we look at your comments around Q1 seasonally being softer for glass, can you just help us understand a little bit of this with the context of that because if I would look back factually, it looks like Q1 glass has been going up sequentially every year. Now maybe it has to do with the volatility of what has happened to the supply chain and now changes to contract and things like that, but it just looks like historically Q1 has been up from Q4 and I think if I am correct that actually China represents more TV sales than the U.S. I would expect that and wonder if the normal seasonality could necessary historically going forward and then the follow-up if you can just talk about what is kind of a normal seasonal for each the quarters of your year how when we look at seasonality for glass. Thank you.
James Flaws: So you are correct that we have seen quarter ones be greater than quarter four by slight amount. It really however was very dependent on what inventory positions are at the end of Q4, so we actually expected Q4 inventory work off to be a little bit greater, so you we factor in that as we think about we call the normal seasonality. I think you in our model, obviously model our own glass, the panel makers, the set assembly and at retail, but I would be happy to maybe our IR Day to spend some time with you on the seasonalities by quarter. I think a couple years ago, we actually laid it all out in a graph, but it is the combination of what we would normally see seasonality that's were talking about in fact that the supply chain is coming out little bit heavier on inventory than what we originally expected. They haven't done that. We probably would have been saying it's a year-over-year increase.
Operator: And we'll go to Brian White with Topeka. Please go ahead.
Brian White - Topeka: I am wondering if we could talk a little about the Gorilla market obviously is focused on tablets and smartphones, but few years ago you announced a TV customer, where are we in that market? Also, if you could talk about maybe the opportunity in notebook and auto. Thank you.
James Flaws: So, Brian, the opportunity in auto I think still exists. We believe that as I said earlier in the question will have a customer this year, and so we are still hopeful the auto industry I think moves at a slower pace than consumer electronics. In terms of Gorilla, clearly, the strength has been in smartphones and tablets. We are believers to tablets will continue to grow very nicely. We think there is no question that smartphones continue to come on the higher and higher percentage of phones sold, but I think the big upside opportunity is touch being extended to notebooks as we go through the course of this year and into next. I think those are where the big opportunities are.
Operator: We'll go to Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Thanks. Good morning. Just few questions. First of all, Jim, what exactly is the yen rate that you are factoring into your Q1 guidance? And then secondly, with regards to Hemlock, is there any way and this pretty difficult question, but is there any way to sort of gauge the downside from here in terms of the risk to Corning's balance sheet or results going forward. Any help on that would be appreciated. Thanks.
James Flaws: Sure. On the yen, we don't actually as you know give sales guidance, but as we think about the yen, we think about what the rate is at the time that we put together our forecast, so we would have been thinking in the $80 million kind of range. We are not the world's best predictors of exchange rate, so we don't try to predict where it's going to go. On HSC, yes, we can help you. I am going to do that at the IR Day, and when we file our 10-K, we'll walk you through it in more detail. You should not consider that any kind of risk in restructuring there has any impact on Corning's cash position. It would have, obviously, an impact on Dow Corning's earnings and therefore would flow through to us as a special, but it's not a cash issue but we will actually outline all those risks for you on February 8th and in our 10-K filing.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick Newton with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Jim. Just to beat the dead horse on Gorilla, I guess in this expectation of a second half rebound largely driven by notebooks, is this based on notebooks and Ultrabook SKUs that are currently ramping with OEMs? I'm trying to get a sense of the risk of to your numbers of how the sell-through of these products goes and whether or not we could potentially have a similar issue to the Gorilla glass story that we did in 2011 based on the TV being somewhat of a flop?
James Flaws: Well, first of all we don't regard Gorilla as a dead horse.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus: I meant on the question, the number of questions on the topic.
James Flaws: I would say that the Sony television experience was obviously very disappointing for us, probably for Sony too. In the beginning of 2010, Sony told us what they were going to do and put it on a broad part of their line, including moderate priced televisions and then one year later, they didn't do that. That was very disappointing to us because we actually invested to do that for them. I don't regard that to be a sign for touch on notebooks. I guess you have the opportunity to talk to all the notebook manufacturers and software manufacturers about what they believe and where touch is going to go. I guess we could be wrong. I think the wrong here would be, maybe that the upside isn't as great as what we expected I don't see any potential disappointment coming in smartphones or tablets. So I think the question is whether touch on notebooks is a more moderate introduction or becomes a very strong introduction. We will have to see how that plays out. But we don't think the Sony television experience is a good forecast of that.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that’s good to hear and then I guess for your full year outlook for Gorilla and the double-digit market growth, does this include any of the high probability auto win? Or would that all be upside your expectations, should that actually occur in 2013?
James Flaws: That would be all upside.
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, perfect and then I guess just last one. Given that you have utilized your $1.5 billion share repurchase with your CapEx expectations declining in 2013 and solid free cash flow, should we anticipate any type of repurchase allotment or is that something that you are looking at carefully?
James Flaws: I think the board is very focused. Obviously they would like to try to improve the performance of the stock. They won't, as I said many times, prejudge what their actions are. I think that they will continue to look at it as we they through the course of the year. But I am not going to say exactly what they would do. I think that you have seen over the last 15 months the board being very active in trying to return money to shareholders through dividends increase and a large repurchase. So, I think that they will remain focused on that.
Ann Nicholson: So, John, we have got time for one more question.
Operator: That will be from the line of Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: A couple of things. First of all, for the year, can you give us a sense as to how you look at volumes for wholly-owned versus SCP and how we should be thinking about volume growth for the two of them? Then I just wanted to see if the share contracts that you are in right now, do they set the pricing at the beginning of each quarter as you negotiate? I guess there is not much negotiating going on? Or do they change because you have promised, if I understand the math, in market price, can they change over the course of the quarter if the market price changes? The reason I asked is NEG reported last night and they said that they were unclear on what pricing was going to be like in Q1 because they hadn't finished their price negotiations. So I wonder if their price negotiations when they are finished over the next few weeks change whatever the market price is? Does that change what you have to match as well? Or are you set and anything that NEG might do would only impact you for the June quarter. Thanks.
James Flaws: So I won't comment on NEG. I will just say that we are set for quarter one. These contracts work at the beginning of the quarter and we are done. So we are not expecting and expect any change from that. Relative to wholly-owned and SCP forecast, I have to admit we are not the best forecasters of getting it right, the split there. Right now, we would expect to see slightly greater growth in our wholly-owned business than at SCP. So we are not really seeing an expansion of capacity at our Korean customers whereas we have seen that in our wholly-owned business, particularly in China. So, I would say we tend to think it would be slightly in favor of the wholly-owned business, but again I offer you we are not the best forecasters of how it splits.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: That’s helpful. If I could just follow-up the comment that you made in the conference call in preamble that a one point change in the yen impacts your revenue by $8. Last quarter it was $6, and I noticed it could have bounced around between $6 and $9. What are the main elements to how that changes? What changed from last quarter to this quarter to make it a $6 change versus an $8 change? I know that's too technical, but just trying to gauge where that sensitivity comes from.
James Flaws: It's around the fact that Gorilla is a larger proportion of our business and Gorilla is priced in dollars. Okay. I would like to finish with a few comments. We have a few IR announcements. We will be holding our Investor Day in New York City on February 8 at Cipriani. This year, in addition to the normal crowd favorite hands-on demonstrations that our business exhibits we are going to give a detailed overview of our growth expectations for 2013. In addition to our CEO, Wendell Weeks and myself, three of our business group leaders will be speaking to you about their plans to march up our earnings. It's going to be very informative and hands-on, and I hope you will consider attending in person. To summarize, the highlights of our call, we think we made great progress on our plan to stabilize display and grow earnings on our other businesses during 2012, and while the economy did impact some of our plans, we took actions to control costs and achieve new sales and business profitability milestones. I think most importantly, we grew earnings per share ex-specials year-over-year in quarter four and this is the first time we have done this since 2010. We see this as an indication we began our return to earnings growth. Our Gorilla glass business attained $1 billion in sales after only six years. We made a key acquisition of Life Sciences, we finished $1.5 billion share buyback and also increased our dividend by 20%. And although deep downturn in the solar market is impacting Dow Corning and our equity earnings in the short-term, we believe we have ways to mitigate it. We are coming into 2013 with the expectations in growth in several businesses. We do have some caution about the yen, but we intend to maintain stable Display earnings with moderate price declines, manage our glass capacity well. And with glass reductions and telecom, specialty materials, and life science environmental are poised for growth in 2013, so we look forward to seeing you at our Annual Investor Meeting on February 8th. Ann?
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call is available beginning at 10.30 am Eastern Standard Time this morning and will run until 5 pm Tuesday, February 12. To listen, dial 1-800-475-6701. The access code is 276093. The audio cast, of course, is available on our website during that time. John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Director of Investor Relations James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee Wendell P. Weeks - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 3 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Director of Investor Relations Ann Nicholson. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, Greg. And good morning. Welcome to Corning's Third Quarter Conference Call. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will start the call with some prepared remarks. Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will join us for the Q&A. Before Jim begins, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James B. Flaws: Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. As we enter the fourth quarter, I'd like to step back a little to reflect on the past 12 months for Corning before I cover the Q3 details and the Q4 outlook. Corning's identity and strategy have been in place for a number of years and remain unchanged. We are the world leader in specialty glass and ceramics. We grow primarily through internal innovation led by our R&D in material science and process engineering. This focus allows us to innovate and create keystone components that establish market-leading positions in a variety of industries. Now we pursue this vision by adhering to a strategic framework which guides our decisions and helps us navigate good times and their opportunities, as well as potential volatility of our industries in the macro environment. We emphasize different parts of this strategic framework in response to changes in our environment. The best current example of the framework helping us is our ability to push forward on innovation and develop new businesses, like Gorilla, and also fund shareholder-positive actions despite a weak macro environment and turmoil in the LCD and photovoltaic industries. Now one year ago, we entered the fourth quarter of 2011, we were experiencing significant changes. On the positive side, our financial health and declining need for capital expenditures led the board to act to return more money to shareholders, with a 50% increase in the dividend and starting a $1.5 billion share repurchase. We are also experiencing positive momentum in our telecom, environmental, Specialty Materials segments, led by increasing sales and improving margins. However, on the negative side, we had experienced a significant share loss of a large LCD customer in Korea, and also we are entering into what turned out to be a 2-quarter period of significant price declines for LCD glass. And at Dow Corning, our equity venture, we began to experience a collapse in the pricing of polysilicon for the solar market. These events led us to announce to investors at the beginning of 2012 the company would experience a reset to a lower-level profitability. We laid out a plan for 2012 of performing bottom, primarily by stabilizing display performance and returning positive momentum to this segment and also by marching up, improving our earnings by growing sales and improving margins in our other segments. We felt and continue to feel this plan will result in a return to earnings growth for Corning. So now I'd like to give you a brief summary of our progress against this plan before I turn to the Q3 results. I'm pleased to say we made good progress against these goals especially in light of the current global economy. We'd held LCD glass pricing to moderate declines in Q2 and Q3, and we now have new agreements with key customers that we believe will stabilize our share, all the while diligently managing our LCD glass capacity to the level of demand. I'll discuss the new agreements in more detail later. We've also had some positive revenue and earnings momentum in our other segments. So while telecom will likely not meet our internal growth goals for the year, it remains well positioned in key growth markets when the economy picks up. As of Q3 year-to-date, Specialty Materials sales are up 13% and even more in gross margins. And with the pending close of Discovery Labware acquisition in Life Sciences, it will become nearly a $1 billion business. Our environmental business is feeling the effects of slowdowns in the auto business in Europe and, now, the Class A truck industry. I would like to remind you that, earlier this year, we secured long-term agreements with key diesel customers, positioning us for future growth driven by diesel engine regulations. And we have several innovation programs with the potential for explosive growth. So we continue to feel good about the growth prospects of the non-LCD businesses, our innovation portfolio and the expected free cash generation of display in the company as a whole. These strengths, coupled with our continuing financial strength, led the board to increase the dividend by 20% earlier this month. Now we've also expressed some worries about the economy in both our Q1 and Q2 calls, and unfortunately, some of these are now coming true. We're now at the point where the macro economy is weakening, affecting sales across most our businesses, with several not achieving the growth we had laid out at the beginning of the year. We believe this weakness will continue into next year. Therefore, as -- part of our plan to grow earnings must be to contain costs, so we're currently thinking through several cost-cutting measures, including slowing project spending, trimming fixed costs through restructuring which will likely include headcount reductions, and slowing capital spending. We've not made a final decision yet but we anticipate taking a pretax charge of up to $50 million in the fourth quarter. So now I'll turn to the third quarter details. I'm pleased to announce that our results, both sales and earnings per share, were above consensus for the quarter. Third quarter sales were $2.04 billion, up 7% versus Q2 and down 2% from a year ago. Having sales above consensus has been a feat this quarter, and I'm very pleased that we did it. Gross margin was 43%, up about 1 percentage point, as expected. Higher volumes in display and Gorilla Glass drove the improvement. SG&A and R&D were flat on a dollar basis. Versus a year ago, SG&A was up as a percentage of sales due to the non-repeat of 2 events that occurred in quarter 3 of 2011. We had credit spend resulting from a reduction in the contingent liabilities associated with an acquisition in telecom and we also had reversed some accrual for performance-based compensation. Equity earnings were $230 million, excluding specials, and were down about 11% sequentially, in line with the expectations. EPS, excluding special items, were $0.34. That's 10% higher than Q2 but obviously a material climb from a year ago. EPS is stated here as a non-GAAP measure, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found on our website. Now I'll turn to our Q3 segment results and I'll start with display. Display sales were $763 million in Q3, an increase of 19% sequentially to down 6% versus last year. The yen exchange rate was not a factor in comparing Q2 and Q3. Equity earnings from our joint venture in Korea, SCP, were $187 million in Q3, an increase of 2% versus the second quarter. For your modeling purposes, SCP's third quarter LCD sales were about $745 million, an increase of 1% from the second quarter. Now as a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings report SCP's total sales, which include CRT glass and other products. As we expected, LCD glass price declines in display were moderate in Q3 at both our wholly owned business and SCP. LCD glass volumes also met expectations. Our wholly owned business volumes were up about 20% sequentially driven by customer utilization increases. Volumes at SCP were up in the mid single digits sequentially, in line with their customer utilization rates. The combination of moderate price declines, high capacity utilization from the higher volumes, solid manufacturing execution, led to an increase in gross margin and net income sequentially. On the supply chain front, we've come through Q3 inventories about 15.5 weeks on a forward-looking basis. Because Q4 is seasonally larger, these weeks of supply are actually misleading. We believe the supply chain built a little over 350 million square feet of inventory through the first 3 quarters in preparation for the seasonally strong Q4. I'll comment more on the outlook and risks in the supply chain in my outlook session. As final retail data for Q2 has come in and Q3 begins to come in, we are now lowering our view of retail glass demand to be approximately 3.5 billion square feet. The reduction is from the continuing sluggish worldwide demand for monitors. We now believe monitor demand will decline year-over-year versus our previous view of flat and the reduced demand for television units. TV units are tracking to about 208 million units into retail, a slight year-over-year increase. The good news from the television market is that large-sized televisions continue to sell well, driving the average screen size higher. If we compare our forecasted TV units at the beginning of this year and now, the increase in size has made up for 60% of the unit shortfall, as measured in area. As I said in July, we believe the China region is our biggest risk. China has been tracking below our forecast overall in the first half. However, the new stimulus program implemented in August seems to be driving demand. Preliminary August units were up 14% and early indicators on their Golden Week holiday sales appear in line with our expectations. We'll have some additional data on retail and our 2012 expectations in the appendix section of our slides, and you'll find them posted on our Investor Relations website later. Now telecom sales were $523 million, down 6% sequentially and lower than our expectations. The sequential decline in this versus the expectations was largely driven by lower sales in North America and Europe offsetting growth in China. Europe's miss is mostly due to the softer economy. North America was down due to project delays and the second half decline in stimulus spending on optical cable in support of infrastructure projects. Compared to last year, Q3 telecom sales were down almost 7%, with the strength in China offset by the lower sales across most product lines in North America and Europe. Net income for the quarter was consistent with Q2. Compared to Q2 of 2012, the impact of 6% lower sales was offset by improvement in manufacturing performance and a reduction in operating expense spending. However, net income was down year-over-year by 57% or $47 million due to the non-repeat of the contingent liability reversal from M&A of $22 million in Q3 of 2011 and, in addition, the compensation adjustment I already mentioned. The environmental sales were $233 million, down 6% sequentially versus our expectation of flat to up slightly. While we did see some sales increase in light-duty diesel after summer shutdowns, our orders for heavy-duty truck products declined substantially as our customers reacted to their negative net orders over the past 6 months and also began to manage inventory in lieu of slowing sales. Q3 sales were down year-over-year due to lower sales in light-duty diesel. Net income was down sequentially, in line with the lower volume in heavy-duty diesel. Year-over-year, net income was consistent on the lower sales due to the improving heavy-duty diesel gross margin. We had another very good quarter in Specialty Materials, with sales up 23% sequentially and higher than our expectations. Gorilla Glass sales hit a new quarterly record. Net income was up 74% sequentially, 55% year-over-year, driven by the continued improvement in Gorilla gross margin. I'm delighted to say there are now more than 1 billion devices worldwide containing Gorilla Glass. It continues to be the cover glass of choice, with more than 33 brands as our customers. We believe the increased Q3 volume beyond our expectations was driven by new device introductions in IT and health. In Life Sciences, Q3 sales were down sequentially and worse than our expectations of flat to up slightly, but they were consistent year-over-year. The lower sequential sales were due to the softening economy, impacting end market demand, and also distributor inventory carrying levels. Net income was $9 million, down from Q2 on lower sales and higher M&A expenses and also down versus a year ago due to these M&A expenses and foreign exchange rates. We are working with the government to get an antitrust approval for the BD acquisition. We expect we'll get this approval very soon. More importantly, we remain excited by this transaction. After we close the deal, we'll provide more details on our plans. Now moving to Dow Corning. Equity earnings were down 38%, x specials, in Q3 mainly due to the lack of 2 non-recurring gains from Q2 and also a higher effective tax rate in the United Kingdom based on tax law change. Sales in polysilicon were down on export to solar to China. Our speculation, this is due to the trade disputes. Versus a year ago, silicone sales are up slightly, but polysilicon sales are much lower driven by a dramatically lower pricing due to the continued softness in the solar market. This is reflected in the year-over-year equity earnings decline of 57%, x specials. Now in Q3, Dow Corning also recorded a $20 million NPAT credit for contract settlement. Corning chose to not reflect our share of this gain in our non-GAAP earnings for the quarter. Dow Corning did resume paying dividends in Q3. Corning received $50 million in dividends Q3 from Dow Corning. Now moving to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with $6.4 billion in cash and short-term investments. Capital spending was $422 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was a positive $214 million. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure, and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. We also continued our share repurchase program during the third quarter. We repurchased 187 million shares in the quarter, leaving us with about 125 million left on the authorization entering Q4. We entered the quarter with approximately $2.36 billion of cash in the United States. As I mentioned, the Life Sciences section did not receive the FTC approval for the BD transaction yet. The BD transaction will be primarily a U.S. cash acquisition. If the transaction closes this year, as we expect, our U.S. cash should end the year at about $1.4 billion. We expect capital spending for the year to be approximately $1.9 billion. Our current expectation: capital spending in 2013 will be $1.3 billion. So now I'll turn to our outlook and I'll start with display. As we near the end of October, input from panel makers indicates continued strong utilization levels that, if maintained, would result in the Q4 glass market sequentially of flat to down low single digits. However, our top-down look based on retail demand trends and the level of inventory leads us to view that the Q4 glass market could decline sequentially between the low single digits and the mid single digits, or slightly worse than the panel makers' input to us. We're basing the guidance for Corning on this top-down look of the market. Based on this view, we expect volume of our wholly owned display business and SCP to be flat to down low single digits. Our new agreements with key customers, stabilized shares at specified levels, will help achieve this volume performance. For glass pricing, new agreements we have entered into have mechanisms that establish a relationship between Corning's price and the market price. These new customer agreements will assist us in maintaining Corning's market position in specified levels. We believe these new agreements will allow us to manage our capacity more efficiently and enable us to continue to improve on our cost position. However, as a result of the agreements, we do expect slightly higher price declines in Q4 than the prior 2 quarters. We expect to maintain high levels of utilization at our wholly owned manufacturing sites as a result of these new agreements and have no plans to expand LCD production capacity beyond our committed supply. Our new LCD facility in Beijing is now melting glass, and we are shipping in Q4. This facility provide our Beijing customer with outstanding local service while allowing us to direct capacity in Taiwan and Japan to the very-rapidly-growing Gorilla Glass business. So to close on display, and I'm sure just until the Q&A portion of this call: As the LCD industry continues to mature, we believe, going forward, we'll enter a new era marked by a more stable share and slowing price declines. We believe our customers will benefit from our recent actions as it stabilizes supply and allows us to invest in innovation for their current and future technologies. Now moving to telecom. We expect Q4 sales to be consistent versus Q3, with normal seasonal declines offset by realization of some of those delayed projects in the third quarter. We believe our telecom sales will be up in the low single digits for the year, obviously less than our original expectations established in February but solid nonetheless given the European economy and slowdowns in some projects. Environmental, we expect sales to be consistent to down slightly sequentially, with some seasonal decline from auto customer holiday shutdowns. Specialty Materials should have another strong quarter, led by Gorilla Glass. We expect sales to remain at the high level of Q3 led by growth in IT and handheld Gorilla sales, offsetting slowing sales of our semiconductor products. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be down about 5% on normal seasonality. In Dow Corning, we expect equity earnings to be up about 25% driven primarily by a tax rate decline. Now continuing on with the rest of our Q4 forecast. We expect gross margin to decrease by almost a percentage point driven mainly by pricing in display. SG&A and R&D will be consistent as a percentage of sales in the fourth quarter. Equity earnings, excluding special items, should be down about 5% sequentially. Our tax rate for the year will be about 19%. For FX, the yen has been relatively stable for most of the year. We're hopeful there will be no weakening. As a reminder, our results move to changes in the yen-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate. The weaker yen lowers our results, the stronger yen helps. If the yen averages 1 point higher or lower in Q4, we estimate our sales and net income would increase or decrease by approximately $6 million. That concludes my opening comments. I'll turn it back to Ann.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. Operator, we'd now like to open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Sue from RBC Capital.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, if we consider LCD TV penetration rates, it appears future LCD demand will be increasingly driven by replacement. And more and more, it does seem the macro can extend replacement rates for LCD. And if we add to this the concerns on monitor demand, which is tied to PC units which has turned negative, I'm wondering if glass volumes may not grow next year unless the environment gets better. Maybe just your preliminary thoughts on just kind of volume growth as we move forward, that would be helpful.
James B. Flaws: So we're planning on volume growth next year in the business. Obviously, that's somewhat dependent on where the supply chain ends this year and the amount of inventory. As I indicated, they built quite a bit. But we believe that we'll see growth in the glass market next year. We think televisions will grow. We have to keep reminding everybody that size matters here. The fastest-growing segment is the 50-inch and above, and obviously that's a lot more glass for us. Actually, one thing that's very interesting about the television market this year: Sales of television below 30 inches, the units are actually negative year-over-year and that's making it look like the television unit growth is not as great. Obviously, it could be influenced by tablets. But when you look at the 30 to 40, 40 to 50, and 50 and above, we're seeing good growth rates. And if you take out small-sized, you are seeing good unit growth, and obviously the area is really helping us. So we are planning on the glass market growing next year and we'll give out a number in January after we see how the supply chain finished the year.
Wendell P. Weeks: So I'd add to that. I think, if you take a look at this year, which certainly hasn't been the easiest economic environment ever. And it's easy to forget that, with the price moves down in LCD, because you're not seeing the revenue growth, volume growth is actually quite robust. And there's nothing about that dynamic other than you can have, in a given quarter or 2, supply chain moves one way or the other, the weakening changes going forward. There's going to be more displays sold in the future than there are now and it's going to continue to be robust. And the key thing is getting pricing stable and continuing to drive new apps.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And the pricing -- the changes that you just made, early on in the year, we made some price changes and we saw moderate price declines. You're going to see a dip in the near term with the new price agreements. How does that revert once we start the year? Does that kind of normalize and so the net of it for the full year is still a low or moderate rate of declines for overall pricing?
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, we certainly hope so. Perhaps, it'll help if we explained it a little more detail of how it is our agreements with customers are working and what's changed. So let's start with the way we previous -- previous agreements worked. We would set a price, we would go out with a price. And then usually, competition would have to price under us to get share. Now over time, our premium would build up with this approach are leading to share volume and price volatility usually in times where supply and demand got a little bit off-kilter. So now let's talk about our approach now: What we've done with these new agreements is to set our market share and set a fixed relationship between our price and the market price. Now with the agreements that are starting in quarter 4, there'll be an initial correction to take into account the premium that it built up under the old agreements. And that is captured within the guidance you heard from James. Now let's talk about going forward. If you just think through the game theory and think through how these things actually work, logic would lead you to conclude that this new approach should give us steady share at the customers and allow us to smooth our operations, as well as reducing price volatility. Now, of course, the underlying foundation of -- for all of this is always managing glass supply to demand. Now as we look forward, barring supply chain motions in any given quarter, we expect very high utilization and we're not planning to expand our capacity beyond committed supply. And on the supply and demand, also I think something people don't always think through, is what we have done to create more balance. So first, we're getting the increased capacity to serve the growth in the display industry from increased productivity, a combination of thin as well as running better. So that has continued to improve the supply level, all right? Our costs tend to be by the pound and we sell by the square foot. Now as we increase our output of -- what we're doing is we're freeing up capacity to serve the high-growth Gorilla market, which we're also taking thinner. So this combination does a couple of things. First, it makes it possible for us to more closely match supply and demand, which aids in the pricing of LCD. Second and quite importantly, it enables us to grow our revenues without having to invest as much capital, which increases the cash returns for our shareholders and improves our return on investment. So as I describe the totality here, you see what we're trying to do is set the table to be able to have an environment of better price stability as well as better cash returns for our shareholders.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I see. So it does cap your market share near term but improves profitability longer term.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, I think cap is an interesting word. What we seek to do -- now let's take a look at what's happened over the last year. Basically, as Jim said in the opening, we had a series of motions at a particular customer where one of our competitors tried to significantly increase their share. Here we are, a year later, worldwide market shares are basically where they started before all that, okay? And what has happened is just a lot of motion underneath the water but we're back to pretty much where we were before this whole thing started. So we're not seeking to gain share overall as a company. We're happy in the leadership position that we're in. What we're seeking to do is have better stability of our volumes and to have a less-volatile environment. We think that's good for our customers and we think it's good for the industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amir Rozwadowski from Barclays.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to follow up on, Wendell -- on some of the commentary around the sort of "set relationship in pricing versus market pricing." Does it still involve a premium to competitors? And does the mechanism adjust intra quarter? I mean, specifically, is there some sort of bend for market share? Or if a customer underperforms in a certain quarter, can they sort of have any sort of outlet for the extra glass supply? Just trying to understand the dynamics of the pricing structure.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, I'm not going to comment on the exact relationship between our price and the market price, for obvious competitive reasons, right? Now to the -- will we see intra-quarter motion? The idea behind the agreements is that the share is set, as well as the fixed relationships. So in any given quarter, even for the year, we should not see motion in the share figure. You can see motion in the price figure, and then of course overall market demand can move up or down, but our share figure locks down. So what that would mean is that most of the dynamic in our customer supply chain would be played out with the other glass suppliers, as opposed to us. Does that make sense?
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then switching gears a bit away from pricing. You folks have been very proactive in terms of returning cash to shareholders, with the number of dividend increases, obviously getting towards the tail end of your buyback allocation. I was just wondering just in terms of, strategically, you mentioned CapEx is coming lower. Cash flow generation. It seems to be improving. Is buyback -- share buybacks part of the longer-term strategy for the company at this point? I mean, should we expect some sort of additional announcement sort of post the completion of the current allocation? I would love to hear some color from that standpoint.
James B. Flaws: So the board will consider returns to shareholders probably on a regular basis. As you saw in October, Amir, they moved the dividend up by 20%, and it's now up 80% over a 12-month period of time. I'm sure they will consider also our cash position and where the cash is and think about share repurchases again. But I would not anticipate an immediate announcement. But the board will continue to monitor this in -- on a regular basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitbah (sic) [Amitabh] Passi from UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just maybe a big picture question, Jim, Wendell, for either of you. I was curious, how did the quarter progress? Did you think trends got worse through the quarter? I'm just trying to get a sense. It looks like your year-over-year trends have improved but yet your tone, extremely cautious. And I was just trying to get a sense for whether you think the environment is worsening or do you think we're seeing some level of stability at these levels.
James B. Flaws: Well, clearly, as quarter 3 unfolded, we saw some step-downs in 2 of our businesses. And that really occurred primarily in August in telecom and environmental where, in environmental, we saw cutbacks in orders from heavy-duty truck makers. And in telecom, we just saw business not materializing that we expected. I would say environmental is continuing to get worse. Telecom has been relatively stable since that step-down in August.
Wendell P. Weeks: And I think the reason that you see the mix is, on the other hand, display -- as the quarter moved its way through, both display and Gorilla were good. And Gorilla got extraordinarily good and it's continuing really strong momentum. So I think, when you step back and look at the total, the strength in our glass side more than offset any issues on telecom and environmental. So why you hear the mix in tone is that we are -- we want to make sure that we're cautious in the economic environment that we face, but at the same time, we're happy with the way in which we're playing out our hand in display. And in those areas where we've got big innovations, you're seeing them behave like big innovations which is, no matter what the wind, you tend to sail pretty fast.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And maybe just as a quick follow-up. Jim, the $50 million in restructuring you're taking in the fourth quarter, how should we think about the associated savings related to those cost-restructuring plans?
James B. Flaws: I'm not prepared to give you the number yet, but it clearly will be more than what the charge of the restructuring is. And by the way, that $50 million is -- we expect to be mostly cash. There's no asset write-offs in it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer from Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions, Jim. First, I'm trying to reconcile: You had made a commentary that panel makers' utilizations are improving. Why should pricing decline in such a scenario in Q4? Is that -- I just want to make sure that I understand it correctly. Is that for a single customer, or is it across the board?
James B. Flaws: So I think I made the comment that customer utilization has improved in Q3. We expect them, at best, to be similar in Q4, maybe slightly down. From price point of view, our perspective is that we're in a consumer electronics industry. Price is going to come down over time. We expect to -- our goal is to have price declines every quarter to be moderate, if we can. The increase in Q4 versus Q3 on prices, as Wendell indicated, are related to the new contracts and some catch-up. But our price declines are not just at one customer.
Wendell P. Weeks: And if you take sort of at a base heartbeat of what we're seeing on the pricing in quarter 4, it is -- as Jim described, it is that moderate price-down that we seek, and that we think is going to continue going forward. And then it's just a matter of that switch in approach ends up with us having to overcome sort of that premium that just builds up over time under the old way.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And just as a follow-up. Jim, you had talked about that 6- to 7-year time frame were the product gets refreshed. Given the macro situation in terms of how we see the uncertainty, how much are -- how much conviction do you have that this is likely to materialize going forward into '13?
James B. Flaws: You're talking about the 6- to 7-year replacement rate?
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Exactly.
James B. Flaws: We remain pretty confident about the replacement rate. Sometimes, we see events like, in Japan, where, thru the echo-point, they kind of pulled forward all their replacement rate into a concentrated period of time. But our evidence says that the replacement rate is continuing to be along with our expectations. Obviously, you have some places in the world where macro events can overwhelm that, if your economy is really terrible. And clearly in some of the Southern European countries that's obviously occurring. But in terms of the fundamental of people replacing LCDs, we're now starting to get to the point where, in some markets, LCDs are crossing over that 5-year age, and that's where we start to see it. And we are closely monitoring it, but we still think it's going to happen.
Wendell P. Weeks: And I think the other place you've got to look to for replacement rate is the new technologies that are coming. Now it's really hard to tell what year they'll have an impact, right? Whether it's '13, '14, that's hard to tell. However, what's easy to tell is that they will. So in very-large-sized displays, you have a tremendous amount of innovation that you're not quite seeing yet, but we are because we're working with folks on it, that are going to change the way flat-panel displays -- the customers experience flat-panel displays. And that will help spur it. And then the other is take a look at -- notebooks is -- one thing we know with high degree of confidence is touch is going to come to notebooks, right? I've seen a lot of new product sets that people are working on to do that, and they're quite exciting. What we don't know is when the combination of Windows 8, the brands who are designing these new types of notebooks and Intel, with some of the processing fees, until it all comes together in a compelling package. Is that '13, is it '14? It's hard to tell. But what is pretty easy to tell is that is going to lead to us -- both a strong refresh cycle as well as nice new demand for us on both the touch and the monitor side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ehud Gelblum from Morgan Stanley.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of quick things. The -- going back -- I apologize for this, but going back to the contracts -- the new contracts in display. Are all the glass providers -- so your competitors in Japan and other, are they -- have they agreed to similar contracts? So is this kind of an industry-wide thing, or is this something that Corning initiated separately? And does this go across all of your customers, including BOE and Samsung's new China business that you're supporting? And it was asked about intra-quarter pricing, but -- so you're -- just to understand the mechanism, you're guaranteed a certain percentage, I assume, or share of each one of these customers' requirements each quarter and they decide what the price is. And does it change from quarter-to-quarter? Just a little bit of flavor around that would be helpful. And then I have a follow-up on Gorilla.
Wendell P. Weeks: Jim will probably help me through it because you have a lot of questions buried in there. First one was, what are our competitors doing? I don't know. You should ask them. The second one on sort of what customers have we reached these type of agreements with: the ones that we consider to be significant from a volume standpoint as well as how that particular dynamic is playing out in the customer on what they want to do and how they want to work their way through it. And each customer is a little bit different. The final one is asking on the mechanics, basically, of it, is -- what we would expect in any given quarter that -- once the market share already is set, guidance across that year. And then in any given quarter, our price is set with a fixed relationship to the market price, which we would expect to stay consistent for a given quarter, so there should not be significant inter-quarter moves, assuming that it all works the way we are planning for it to work. And that is the way the mechanics work. Did that make sense?
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A little fuzzy. Who decides the market price? And how does that -- does it actually get changed from each quarter to each quarter?
Wendell P. Weeks: So there'll be a level of detail underneath that I'm not going to want to go into. But it is, "What is the actual market price?" And that will be a fixed relationship between that and our price, which should account for any sort of noise but maybe in differential perception.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then Jim, CapEx guidance, it was basically in line for 2013 but a little bit on the higher side of your previous guidance. With macro getting worse, could we see CapEx actually perhaps come down from that $1.9 billion for '13? And then kind of a big picture question, I guess, back to you, Wendell, is: Gorilla Glass and autos, that's always gotten me excited. How far away is that? You talked about that at your Analyst Day earlier in the year, but is that something we can look at in the next couple of years? Or is that more of 5 or 6 years away?
James B. Flaws: So Ehud, on the capital, you may have misspoken, but the $1.9 billion is this year. Our number for next year is $1.3 billion, that was our number that we've had for a while. In the July call, we said we had some risk that it might climb. We now think it won't climb so we're very confident about the $1.3 billion. It's possible it could be lower, but it's $1.3 billion for next year.
Wendell P. Weeks: The automotive. We're getting some really nice pull and engagement actually as recently as this last month. So that's the good news. I think you just got to keep in mind that the automotive industry does not move like tech and consumer electronics. So even once you have a platform win, it's a while before that platform win turns into commercialization. So it's got a little bit slower heartbeat as much as both us and our customers probably wish it went a little faster.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Newton from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, the first one, I'm trying to understand the variance in display results from your very strong wholly owned business and the somewhat-weaker SCP results. And I was hoping you could discuss share at the problematic customer earlier this year and, I guess, later last year, whether that stabilized, grew or contracted sequentially and also your thoughts on share of that customer on a go-forward basis. And then additionally, Samsung announced, I believe it was on Monday of this week, that they've -- they're terminating their LCD contract with Apple. And I wanted to get your thoughts around how this announcement perhaps impacted SCP's 3Q results and how this could impact your wholly owned business on a go-forward basis, given your exposure to Apple's other qualified suppliers? And then I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws: Okay, I'll try and take some of these. Maybe Wendell will take the Apple question. So our wholly owned business was quite strong, as we expected when we entered the quarter. That was driven primarily by increased utilization in Japan. You may recall, in Q2, our primary customer there had lowered their utilization quite a bit. We expect it to come back, and it did in Q3, and that really drove the larger increase because of that. We had good demand at our other wholly owned customers especially in China. For Samsung Corning Precision, basically, they have 2 customers. The utilization rate at those 2 customers didn't change very much during the quarter so we didn't really expect to see much change in demand there. Relative to the one customer, we announced that we had a -- the deal with them for the entire year. I think we made that announcement in the spring and so there really hasn't been any change with that customer since the spring. We obviously expect to continue to supply them. And we'll -- have not yet entered into negotiations for next year but will and hope to be a supplier with them and continuing what we've done for the last -- latter part of the 9 months of this year. Now Wendell, I'll turn it to you, to talk about Samsung and Apple.
Wendell P. Weeks: For mental and physical health, we try never to talk much about anybody who lives in Cupertino or Seoul, so I don't want to comment on any of that dynamic. What I will do, though, is, at -- the core of your question sort of gets into, for very high-performance displays, do we have really nice channel to market either through a direct relationship with the brands or through the appropriate players in the panel display chain? And I'd say we feel good about that. And actually, with what's going on for us right now in high-performance displays or those very high-pixel-count displays as well as creating backplane engines for things like OLEDs, we are feeling stronger and stronger with every passing month rather than vice versa.
Patrick M. Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well, I guess, it was worth the try, Wendell. I guess, for my follow-on, Jim, I kind of want to ask the same kind of display pricing but in a different way, just looking at the P&L and on gross margin. And if we look at gross margin, I understand that the guidance for sequential decline as -- I think you said, is a -- pertains to a pricing reset in display in 4Q. But if I take your comments about, I guess, the preliminary expectation of volume growth in the display business in 2013, should we expect to see an improving gross margin trajectory as we kind of move through the year given that preliminary thought?
James B. Flaws: It'll obviously be a combination of what the volume is for next year and what pricing is for next year. We achieved what we hoped to on moderate pricing and have that carried for the entire year. And with the volume that we think it's possible, you might see a slight increase in display gross margins. And clearly, relative to the corporation, it will depend on what the other businesses are doing. The good news for us right now is Gorilla is well above the corporate average. And therefore, like we've experienced in years past with display, we are niche-pulling strong. It actually is helping drive our corporate number up. So in the future, when I talk about our corporate gross margins, it -- hopefully, they will be less all about display margins and about the impact of Gorilla helping out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox from Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Two questions, please. First of all, with return to forward technology trends, I think Apple was highlighting on their new product introduction yesterday the use of thinner glass. And I was curious if that announcement in any way is accelerating the use of thin glass and if you could tie that into sort of where we are with the Willow development, whether you've had any progress during the quarter. And then just secondly, if we could just talk a little bit about diesel and Gorilla Glass gross margins. Putting aside the volumes for a second, can you talk about where operationally the gross margins are, whether there's more room to improve or you have them at optimal levels, that would be helpful.
Wendell P. Weeks: Great. So on the forward tech, once again, we're going to follow our general rule of never talking about anybody who lives in Cupertino or Seoul. So I will now generalize. We're continuing to see really a trend that we started in glass, which is to push towards thinner, to gain more and more momentum. And you see that in a variety of different product offerings and it's really validating our strategy from a technical standpoint and from a productivity standpoint, so that's great. On Willow, Willow is a really big idea that we continue to make good progress on both in our ability to do it in commercial levels of production as well as market development. That being said, because it's a big idea, in any given quarter, it isn’t going to feel like there's a lot of progress on the outside because, until the fundamental supply chain -- it changes so much that it's going to take a while for a really strong obvious market pull to arrive. And then when it does, it will scale very rapidly. It will be one of our classic innovations where everybody will go, "What's going on? What's going on? I haven't heard a lot about Willow?" And then, it will turn on like a light switch and be really big. And which exact market it's going to hit first, this is hard for us to tell, but we certainly feel good about our progress so far on that. Jim, do you want to touch on margins? And then I'll build on the diesel.
James B. Flaws: So I would say, on Gorilla, we still feel the potential for margins to improve, they're really quite good right now. We are delighted by them but, we think, have potential to improve. On diesel, my -- I'll let Wendell comment. My own take is that, that we made quite a bit of improvement in diesel margins but I think we still have manufacturing projects that, when we have a volume, will allow our gross margins to improve, in diesel also.
Wendell P. Weeks: I think [ph], without doubt, that's the case. We got a lot of momentum there. And now we just need the volume to come on back, which I think I'm certain that it will. When? It's hard to tell. But people are going to buy heavy-duty trucks again, right?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simon Jankowski (sic) [Simona Jankowski] from Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So a couple of questions. First, when you talked about exiting the quarter with 15.5 weeks of inventory, can you just remind us how that compares to what would be a normal level of inventory heading into Q4 or, put another way, if you can just try to quantify the amount of excess inventory that you see right now and where those pockets are?
James B. Flaws: So we would say, normal is hard to judge in this business because of all the cycles we see, but I would say it's definitely more than what we expected to have -- be there. And I would say that we're -- from our perspective, we would say it's probably 50 million square feet, 50 to 70 million more than what we would have expected at this stage. The thing that's harder for us to judge is as the LCD business has grown rapidly in what I'll call the more emerging markets and then in China as it's expanded in more rural regions, is whether the supply chain is more inefficient, and therefore that's a reason why we may be seeing more inventory. But I would say that's my characterization of the risk of too much inventory right now heading into the fourth quarter.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And implicit in your guidance for Q4 is that you think some of that may get reduced, which is why you're taking a more conservative stance than what the panel guys are saying. Why do you think that you have that different view than the panel makers? Why are they not seeing the same dynamics as you are and why are they still planning to run at equal, if not slightly higher, utilization levels into Q4?
James B. Flaws: Well, this comes down to something we've been debating with ourselves, is we could fundamentally be wrong and there may be stronger demand that they're seeing that we're not. And therefore, they have good judgment of why they should keep running, and they're not going to end with that much inventory. That obviously would be a good news story for us that they don't end up with inventory, and retail is stronger. So we may be subject to our particular modeling and our solid experience with the volatility of the supply chain in the past. But they may be right, and if they are, we'd be happy to ship it to them. And we'd be delighted if they ended with less inventory and better retail.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow up on the whole contract pricing discussion. You mentioned that you have done these contracts now with a number of your larger-volume customers but that some customers, like the -- one of your SCP customers, you're -- you have yet to renegotiate a contract into next year. Can you just give us a sense of roughly -- are you done with the majority of these at this point, or do we have another sizable chunk ahead? And the reason I ask is just trying to anticipate if we may see another pricing reset next quarter as kind of the next chunk of customers get into these kind of pricing readjustments.
Wendell P. Weeks: So we wouldn't expect the sort of correction of premium to be a recurring theme because at the core of what we're doing is to have the set relationship. That being said, I think the key thing to watch for as we go forward is going to be supply, demand and balance, what's happening overall with the market. And I think that will be more of the leading theme, as well as, "Is the table that we have tried to set here, is that -- end up playing out the way that we would hope that it would?" And the logic would say it ought to.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And -- but just to be clear on why you would not expect the correction of a premium to occur to one more quarter. Is that because the amount of volume that at this point has been renegotiated is much larger than what remains to be negotiated? Or is it just because the one that remains, the potential adjustment, is much smaller?
Wendell P. Weeks: I'd say the first is a more correct statement than the second.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Does Dow Corning have its own restructuring plan in addition to what Corning is talking about here?
James B. Flaws: Well, Dow Corning does have their own restructuring plan. They've been reducing people ever since the second quarter, but we're not anticipating any special charge, they've been doing it on a consistent basis.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Scope it out for us at all? Will it be a -- does it -- will it turn their earnings, do you think? Do they exit that quarter still declining in terms of earnings?
James B. Flaws: It all depends, John, on Hemlock. And that's the wild card there, as you know, going into the polysilicon prices that occurred, actually, about this time a year ago. This is an extraordinarily profitable business, and pricing has plummeted and now we're seeing demand into China plummet with the trade wars. So that overwhelms. But I think that silicone margins are likely to grow slightly.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: We have time for one more question, Greg.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Going back to earlier questions about the industry. How should I think about penetration of LEDs into the overall TV market? And I'm asking that because it seems to me that we're exiting 2012 with, like, a 70% penetration. And yes there's growth for the larger-sized LED TVs, but doesn't that imply that, despite inventories that are coming at -- under control, there could be below-average growth until the next catalyst for the replacement appears? Any thoughts you have will be great. And I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws: Sure. On LED penetration, I'll just give you some statistics. Actually, the place where LED penetration is really low is the United States. It's only achieved slightly over 50%. Japan is the highest, but it's probably no surprise. It's in the 80s. And Europe has been moving up, but it's still only again 70%. So we think LED is an important part of the replacement factor. It makes what used to be a thin television, super thin. And as you see the ads for this upcoming holiday season, people aren't at the sizing can [ph]. So I think LED is still a driver, along with other improvements in the technology.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So what are you -- what is raw penetration worldwide as we exit 2012? Are you implying that it's actually well below 70%?
James B. Flaws: Yes, I do believe it's well below 70%.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then on the Gorilla and more on the mobile market, should we expect a typical seasonality into early next year, especially with some of OEM partners that are already out with their new products, they may take a pause until the next refresh comes in?
James B. Flaws: We don't have, unfortunately, a typical seasonality with Gorilla that we've been able to prove. Part of this is that the supply chain is actually far longer in the Gorilla cover glass business than it is in the LCD business. Obviously, that can be similar to customers who can have an influence when they do a big rollout, but we've seen customers do more frequent rollouts with models and so it's always possible we have a pause. But right now, we're having a hard time keeping up with our customer demands to Gorilla. Okay, so I'd like to wrap up. I just have a couple of comments here. First, from an IR point of view, we will be speaking at the UBS global technology conference in New York on November 14. And also, we will be at the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale on November 27 and we're delighted to see our investors there. In terms of summarizing some of the things we talked about today. We think we've made excellent progress on our plan to stabilize display and grow out earnings potential in the other businesses. In display, we're delighted with our new agreements with key customers and we think they will give us strong benefits in 2013. Demand for Gorilla is very strong and we expect it to continue into Q4. We've got very good operating cash flow. The board reacted by increasing the dividend 20%, increasing our 12-month increase in dividends to 80%. We obviously are feeling some effects of the macro economy, but the management is reacting quickly to control costs due to restructuring and will offset some of those impacts and hopefully allow us to grow earnings in 2013. Lastly, I'd like to make one comment, first of all on Ken Sofio. Ken continues to progress and appreciates very much people who emailed him. And second of all, I'd like to thank Ann, Linda and Kelly for stepping in and doing great job with IR over these past few months. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Ann.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Thank you, all, for joining us today. The playback of this call is available beginning at 10:30 a.m. today and will run until 5:00 p.m. both Eastern and Standard Time on Wednesday, November 7. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 266618. The audiocast, of course, is available on our website during that time. Operator, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ann H. S. Nicholson - Director of Investor Relations James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee
Analysts: Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Steve Cho - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Andrew Huang - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Corning Incorporated Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Results. It's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ann Nicholson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, John, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's second quarter conference call. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will start the call with some prepared remarks. Before Jim starts, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Flaws.
James B. Flaws: Thanks, Ann, and good morning, everybody. Now before I turn to our comments on the quarter and the outlook, I actually have an organizational announcement. As some of you know, Ken Sofio, our Vice President of Investor Relations, has been working a reduced schedule since March. Ken has been getting treatment for a serious medical issue. Ken now needs to put full time focus into his health. As a result, he will not be on the call this morning, and he will not be doing follow-up calls with investors. Ann Nicholson, Director of Investor Relations, will be the primary IR contact in the interim. Ann will be supplemented by myself; Tony Tripeny, our Corporate Controller; and Mark Rogus, our Treasurer. I have 2 requests of our investors. Number one, we will try to be as responsive as normal, but please recognize that our response time may take slightly longer, and time allocations may be a little shorter as we return calls today and tomorrow. Number two, you can direct e-mails to Ken's e-mail address with IR questions. Ken's assistant, Kelly Williams, will forward them to Ann Nicholson. You can also e-mail Ann or Kelly directly at the e-mail addresses shown on the screen. We ask that you keep Ken in your thoughts. If you wish to send a personal e-mail to him, Kelly will see that it gets to him. I appreciate your help at this time. So now onto the quarter. Hopefully, you’ve had a chance to read the press release we issued this morning on our second quarter results. If you haven't, you can find a copy on our IR website. In January, we told you of the reset in the corporation's profitability and our plan of forming bottom and marching up. Briefly, I think we're making progress. "Form bottom" is our mandate into Display business. The phrase conveys the need to stabilize earnings and position ourselves to regain positive momentum. The critical first step is to return to moderate quarterly price declines for LCD glass. Today, I'm delighted to tell you that our quarter 2 price declines for LCD glass were indeed much more moderate than the previous 2 quarters' average. And just as important, we now believe price declines in quarter 3 will also be moderate. Now we need to continue to repeat this over the coming quarters while we execute our cost reduction projects. We're also making progress on regaining positive momentum in Display, and this is all about new products for high-performance displays. We've introduced Lotus and Willow Glasses. We've now formed our new OLED venture in Korea, and we are shipping glass from that venture. And we're also shipping glass in our wholly-owned Display business for TFT metal oxide backplanes. The "march up" portion of our plan is about capturing sales growth and expanding margins in Telecom, Environmental, Life Sciences and Specialty Materials with Gorilla. And we're also making progress against these objectives despite some macroeconomic headwinds. So let me begin with our key messages this morning. First, LCD glass prices. Q1 call, I told you we had expected our glass price declines for the second quarter to be much more moderate than the average of the previous 2 quarters. As I said in my opening, but it bears repeating, price declines for LCD glass were indeed much more moderate in Q2, and we believe that price declines in Q3 will also be moderate. Second, as we assess the first half of the year for LCD glass, we see retail and supply chain statistics generally in line with our expectations. Obviously, all is not perfect for the economies around the world, but unit growth, combined with area size increases for televisions, allowed us to keep our outlook for the 2012 retail glass market size. On the supply chain front, we've come through Q2, always the trickiest quarter for Display, with inventories in line with our expectations. Third, we told you in the last call, we are very alert for potential worsening economic headwinds. We are now experiencing those headwinds. We have seen lower sales of light-duty Environmental products principally in Europe, and we believe the economy could start to impact heavy-duty diesel soon. We've seen lower order rates than expected for some Telecom products, not fiber, but in connectivity products due to project slowdowns. We've factored in these headwinds going forward, but as you'll see in a minute, our outlook for Q3 continues to include growth in most of our businesses. So with that intro, I'll walk you through our Q2 results and Q3 outlook. Second quarter sales were $1.9 billion. That was consistent with Q1 and down slightly from a year ago. Gross margin was 41.7%, just slightly lower than the first quarter, as expected. Lower gross margins in Display, driven primarily by the lower price, offset gross margin improvements elsewhere. SG&A was up slightly on a dollar basis, while R&D spending was flat. Just as a reminder, we do grant our annual merit increases in Q2 in the United States, which drove some of the increases. Equity earnings of $259 million were up about 19% sequentially compared to equity earnings of $218 million in Q1. Dow Corning drove most of the increase in sales growth in both silicons and polysilicon. Dow Corning results also included a favorable nonrecurring item of $11 million. EPS, excluding special items, was $0.31, generally consistent with Q1 but a material decline from a year ago. EPS, as stated here, is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. So now for our quarter 2 segment results, I'll start with Display. Display sales were $641 million in Q2, a decrease of 9% sequentially and down 16% versus last year. Volume was down in the mid-single digits, worse than our expectations of consistent, mainly due to lower utilizations of some large customers. Price declines were more moderate, as expected. And the yen exchange rate was not a factor in comparing Q1 and Q2. Volume in SCP was up in the mid single digit sequentially, which was better than expected. I'm pleased to say that SCP secured a multi-quarter deal with a customer, which gave them some additional volume in Q2. Equity earnings at SCP's LCD glass business were $184 million in Q2, an increase of 1% versus the first quarter. For modeling purposes, SCP's second quarter LCD sales were $739 million, an increase of 1% from the first quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings report SCP total sales, which include CRT glass and other product sales. I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing inventory levels in the supply chain, glass supply and demand and retail. Our preliminary estimate of inventory at the end of Q2 was roughly 15.3 weeks. We think the supply chain built a little over 100 million square feet of inventory in the quarter. This number was in line exactly with our forecast. As a reminder, Q2 is the lowest quarter of retail all year long, so we always expect and experience inventory builds. The key is not to build too much. Q2 is the quarter that has caused problems in the past. As of now, with the build meeting our expectations and with the number of weeks of inventory, it feels like the supply chain is okay heading into the back half of the year. As always, we'll continue to monitor inventory levels, especially as we progress through the third quarter, and we see panel utilization climbing in anticipation of the fall retail season. Utilization rates in Taiwan are expected to increase on average from 70% to 75% in Q3. In Korea, we expect utilization rates to tick up slightly. In Japan, we expect utilizations to increase substantially from the sub-50% level that we experienced in Q2. Now we believe glass supply and demand remains in balance. Tanks have been brought back online to support the anticipated seasonal Q3 increase in demand. We are running our wholly-owned capacity at high utilizations, driven by Gorilla Glass and the expected Q3 seasonal uptick. SCP continues to have capacity offline and tends to keep it so. At this time, we would consider our glass inventory levels to be healthy. We actually came into Q2 on the low side of healthy, so we built a small amount of inventory in the wholly-owned business during the quarter. Now moving to retail. Retail and supply chain statistics are generally in line with our expectations. We are sharing some preliminary data. It is a risk, as final data does differ sometimes, but with the uncertainty in the world's economies, we hope it will help investors. I'd like to add that we look at both unit data and area data by geographic location. Unit data reveals the number of consumers purchasing, especially year-over-year. And it helps me think about the impact of the economy. Of course, we look at area data because in the end we sell by the square foot. In the United States, we've actually seen positive unit growth rates all year. Unit growth rates are small as we'd expect in the developed economy that's fully penetrated. Year-to-date unit growth is 3%. Year-to-date area growth in the United States is 8%. These numbers are in line with our expectations. Larger average screen size are driving the better area growth. In the U.S., 50-inch and above televisions are actually up 40% year-to-date. In Europe, unit demand was definitely weaker in the first quarter, but it has improved over the last 3 months. Year-to-date units are down 5%, and area is up 2%. The economic uncertainty makes forecasting difficult. We'd love to see recent months' performance continue. As expected, year-over-year unit sales in Japan are down due to tough year-over-year comparisons with last year's eco-point promotions. We’ll expect to see easier comparisons starting in the fourth quarter. In China, we are seeing mixed performance. Now recall from the quarter 1 call that changing the time of New Year's holiday and promotion period made the early part of the year challenging to interpret. I told you the combined December to February units were up 15%. March and April were positive but not as strong. And as we all know now, the May holiday season's sales were weak. We are pleased to see positive unit growth in June in the preliminary numbers. I feel our biggest risk in our television forecast is China, and we're closely tracking the situation. On the positive side, China has now implemented a new stimulus that we feel could help television sales in the back half of the year. Emerging Asia and South America continue to show excellent growth year-over-year. In terms of PC demand for this year, we're paying attention to the weak results in Q2 reported by the industry. Our forecast for the year calls for desktops at 0% growth, notebook and netbooks at 7%, tablets at 50% growth. We do not expect any growth in the monitor market. In terms of glass demand at retail, our estimate remains 3.6 billion square feet. As I mentioned on our January conference call, we have a variety of cases with retail demand being above or below the point estimate of 3.6 million square feet, driven primarily by different economic scenarios. We still expect the supply chain to lower weeks of inventory by about a half week by the end of the year. We expect the absolute amount of inventory to show a very slight increase year-over-year in square foot from the combination of retail growth, offset partially by the decline in weeks of inventory. In terms of our migration to Eagle XG Slim, we continue to make excellent progress. We have now met our goal of more than half of our glass shipped being thin. I'd like to comment on the new MOU announcement made on Tuesday relative to the new glass factory in China. Samsung and Corning are planning to invest in a new equity venture in China to supply LCD glass to the new Samsung Suzhou Gen 8 panel fab. This new entity has signed an MOU with the Wuxi New District in China on the intent to make this investment. The final agreements between Samsung and Corning need to be signed, and more importantly, we need to receive appropriate government approvals. The new glass factory will start production in line with Samsung’s startup. The ownership will be split 50-50 with Corning and Samsung. The capital will be funded by equity injections by Corning and Samsung and by loans. Corning's equity investment will be $100 million. The new company plans to invest up to $600 million in phases over the next few years. Now a portion of the equipment will actually be transferred from SCP. And as a reminder, SCP continues to have a significant capacity idled. Lastly, I’d comment on the high-performance displays. Samsung Corning Advanced Glass was officially established in the quarter, and we started shipping glass. We're pleased with the progress we've made establishing programs with panel makers. We hope to deliver a significant amount of Lotus Glass to multiple customers by year end. Now Telecom sales were $559 million, up 10% sequentially versus our guidance of low to mid-teen growth. Growth was driven by enterprise and optical fiber and cable in North America and China. Compared to our expectations, we saw a slightly softer demand for optical fiber in EMEA and for legacy hardware products. Net income was $36 million, up from $21 million in Q1 but down from $46 million a year ago. The increase from quarter 1 was driven by the sales increase and a nonrepeat of the $3 million impairment in Q1. Compared to a year ago, the decrease in net income largely reflects fixed cost increases, driven by investments for sales growth and some unfavorable product mix. Our fiber sales set a record in 2011, and we believe the market is on track to grow 10% or more in 2012. The growth is fueled by wireless fiber-to-the-home and infrastructure investments in emerging markets and economic stimulus activities elsewhere. We're investing to meet this growth with investments in R&D for new products and capital-efficient processes that will expand our capacity. In Environmental, sales were $249 million, down 5% sequentially, which was weaker than our expectations. Lower sales of light-duty diesel filters and substrates in Europe accounted for most of the sequential decline. Net income in Environmental was $34 million compared to $40 million in Q1 and $32 million in 2011. Year-over-year income was up 6% on slightly lower sales due to heavy-duty diesel gross margin improvement. Specialty Materials sales were $296 million, up 3% sequentially and below our expectations. Gorilla sales were up in the quarter but less than we had anticipated. Forecasting sales in any given quarter in IT and handheld has proven difficult. A miss from expectations was due to a mix shift in orders late in the quarter that we could not react to. We will get those sales in Q3 and Q4. More on that outlook in a moment. Net income was $34 million, up from $21 million in Q1. The increase was driven by continued improvement in Gorilla Glass margins. In Life Sciences, Q2 sales were $162 million, up 5% sequentially and up from a year ago. Net income was $11 million, consistent with Q1 and down slightly versus a year ago. We continue to work with the government to get final antitrust approval for the BD acquisition. We continue to be optimistic we'll get that approval soon. More importantly, we remain very excited by the transaction. Now moving to Dow Corning. Equity earnings were $61 million, up from $35 million in Q1. Dow Corning did have 2 small nonrecurring gains, which accounted for approximately $11 million improvement. Silicon sales were up slightly, and margins improved due to the manufacturing mix. Polysilicon sales were up driven by price. Poly margin also improved. I'd like to pause here and comment on the recent developments in China on polysilicon. The Ministry of Commerce, MOFCOM, of the People's Republic of China has initiated a review of the United States and Korea-manufactured polycrystalline silicon in response to Chinese polysilicon manufacturers' allegation that companies like Hemlock Semiconductor Group have received unfair trade subsidies and may have been dumping product in the Chinese market. This review is part of a broader trade conflict, extending far beyond polysilicon solar industries, as an escalating number of trade disputes have been initiated throughout the globe in the last year. MOFCOM's investigation is expected to take 12 to 18 months. Therefore, at this time, it's premature to speculate on any potential financial impact to Hemlock Semiconductor or Dow Corning. Dow Corning and Hemlock Semiconductor continue to work closely with government officials from the United States and China to express the need for trade policies that acknowledge the dynamics and opportunities in new and emerging global industry and are optimistic that a reasonable and mutual acceptable resolution is within reach. Now turning to our balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $6.3 billion in cash and short-term investments. Capital spending was $441 million in the quarter. We also made the equity contribution of $104 million to our new Samsung OLED equity venture. We had received a larger dividend from SCP in Q1, which essentially keeps Corning cash neutral on this new venture. We're actually going to follow the same procedure for the new LCD glass factory in China that will supply Samsung's new panel fab in China. Free cash flow of the corporation for the quarter was a positive $27 million, and as a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Now we also continued our share repurchase program during the second quarter. We repurchased $314 million in the quarter, a much higher rate than quarter 1 as we had guided you. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.2 billion in cash in the United States. As I mentioned in the Life Sciences section, we have not received FTC approval for the BD transaction yet. BD transaction will predominantly be a U.S. cash acquisition. If the transaction closes this year, our U.S. cash should end the year around $1.1 billion. We expect capital spending for the year to be approximately $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. Capital spending in 2013 should be lower but could be above our previous forecast of $1.3 billion if we decide to pursue new process technologies for high-performance displays. So now I'd like to turn to our outlook, and I'll start with Display. In the third quarter, the total volume of our wholly owned business and SCP should be up in the low double digits sequentially, as panel makers increase utilizations to supply the seasonally stronger retail demand in the second half. Customers in our wholly owned business have averaged lower utilization throughout the first half, so we expect volume at our wholly owned business to have more upside sequentially. At SCP, volumes should be up sequentially as well. The obvious risks for volume are economic ones and sudden supply chain reductions. For glass pricing, as I've mentioned before, we expect our price declines to continue to be moderate in Q3. Turning to Telecom. We expect sales to be consistent sequentially, in line with normal historical seasonal trends. We expect the demand to continue to be strong for fiber and cable and for enterprise solutions. In Environmental, we expect sales to be flat to up slightly, driven by a seasonal uptick in light-duty vehicle builds. Specialty Materials should have a very strong quarter, led by Gorilla Glass. We expect sales to be up 10% to 15% sequentially, led by growth in IT and handheld Gorilla sales. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be flat to up slightly. At Dow Corning, we expect equity earnings to be down about 30%, driven primarily by the absence of the nonrecurring gains of $11 million in Q2 and seasonal plant shutdown-related expenses. We do expect Dow Corning to begin paying some dividends to Corning again in the third and fourth quarter. Now continuing on with the rest of the corporate quarter 3 forecast, we expect gross margin to increase by almost a percentage point, driven by volume increases in Display. SG&A and R&D will be consistent as a percentage of sales in the third quarter. Equity earnings excluding special items should be down by about 10% sequentially. Our tax rate for the year is forecasted to be around 19%. For foreign exchange, the yen has been relatively stable in Q1 and Q2. We are hopeful there's no weakening. As a reminder, our results move with changes in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate. A weaker yen lowers our results; a stronger yen helps. So if the yen averages 1 point higher or lower in Q3, we estimate our sales and net income would decrease or increase by approximately $7 million. So that concludes my opening comments. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, Jim. John, we'd now like to open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first on the line, Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. One, Jim, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about demand linearity to the quarter, how that progressed. Just trying to get a feel for how rapidly demand might be deteriorating, particularly in Europe and China. And then, I would also like to get some feel for the capacity situation out there. I think you said that you have more or less fully utilized capacity. Is that -- how does that compare to the 25% capacity you guys took offline a couple of quarters ago? Is most of that now reutilized? Or are you talking about more full utilization of the stuff that's already running? If you could just give us some update on that. And then lastly on the China JV, just a clarification. Are you guys going to guarantee the loans into that JV? Or can you give us some idea how the loan mechanics work into that operation?
James B. Flaws: Sure. So in reverse order, on the new Chinese venture, what's happening is Samsung and Corning are each putting in $100 million approximately. That will be funded for each of us by dividends out of SCP. And then the remainder of the funding, $600 million, and I emphasize that’s spent over time, will come from loans from SCP to the new venture and, therefore, will not have any guarantee from Corning. So fundamentally, our cash going in is $100 million, and that's $100 million extra that we're getting out of dividends from SCP, which by the way is exactly what we did with the OLED venture. In terms of capacity, our wholly-owned capacity is running at high utilizations. That's driven by a combination of Gorilla and the uptick in LCD glass heading into Q3. However, if you recall, the original 25% included our worldwide capacity, and we still have significant capacity offline at SCP. In terms of demand linearity, I think your question was around Q2. And what we saw was weakening in light-duty filters in Europe, pretty much consistently starting in April. And in China, the weakness in cars was really with the shutdowns that occurred towards the end of Q2. In Telecom, we saw weakness throughout the quarter in Europe, principally in our legacy products.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And Jim, just given you're seeing -- are you guys -- I mean you didn't say anything about your 230 million TV unit expectations for the full year. Is that something that's under consideration? Or do you think it still makes sense at this stage to keep that number?
James B. Flaws: I don't think our forecast was ever 230 million. It was in low 220s. I think there is some risk that it could be in the upper 2 teens. On the other hand, the flipside is from an area point of view, that's not hurting us because we actually have seen stronger average size television growth this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Ken, hope you feel better. Jim, just a question on the industry supply side. Do you think that the industry might consider and Corning might consider idling capacity after a near-term volume bounce in the near-term considering the North American seasonality and possible rebound in China? Do you hold your capacity steady? And subsequently, what's the impact on price declines? Should we think about more moderate pricing declines to continue from now till year end? Or can we see a step function down if we -- if the supply chain further reduces their inventories?
James B. Flaws: So in terms of industry capacity utilization, obviously, our competitors will have to speak for themselves. But for Corning, we have the ability to throttle back relatively easily, but we always have a certain number of tanks that are coming up for their normal repair. And so to the degree that we saw in the fourth quarter the need to do that, we can do that relatively easily because there's always some tanks that we need to repair. In terms of pricing, I'm delighted by the Q3 pricing that we basically have reached agreement with almost all of our customers already. I'm not giving guidance for Q4 at this stage, but we're quite hopeful that we'll be able to again have Q4 pricing be moderate. Clearly, that's our goal.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then separately, just the Telecom business, it seems to somewhat resilient. Does that -- does it feel that business might -- the trends there continue or do we come out somewhat peaked? And do they actually become impacted by the macro themselves on the Telecom side? Maybe your thoughts of Telecom sustainability maybe beyond the near term.
James B. Flaws: Well, the positive news for Telecom is that we think we're on the right side of the optical substitution transition with most of our products. And so compared to a lot of other Telecom equipment providers, we have that going for us. The flipside, we're not immune to the macro environment. We started to feel that, as I mentioned, in Europe, and we've started this -- we've seen some projects we expected to happen at a slower pace. But fundamentally, we feel very good about where we stand with our products. Demand for fiber remains very strong, particularly in China. We have good fiber-to-the-home visibility. The Australian project regrettably is starting slower than what we expected, and we probably should have remembered that because Verizon did also originally. But we feel pretty good about Telecom. I think our biggest worry would be Europe and Telecom.
Operator: And next, we'll go to with Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Ken, I hope you do better soon. Jim, can you address sort of the need to set up another LCD glass melting operation in China? I mean, you sort of characterized this market at the last Analyst Day as a mature market, sort of flattish over the next several years. I'm sure you have extensive analysis to support this, but can you share maybe what is the cost differential to a panel maker if you ship from Sakai, which is running at low capacity utilizations, or, frankly, SCP versus making it locally in China? And also, you have other operations in Beijing. Could you talk about the ramp up of that facility, too?
James B. Flaws: Yes, that's a very complicated question, so I'll take a shot at it. So as you recall in China, when the panel industry -- when the Chinese government requested applications from the panel industry to build several years ago, there were 9 applications, and I think 5 were approved. They have been phased, I think, appropriately by the various panel fab manufacturers on a very delayed manner. So we basically have BOE up and running. China Star is up and running, and none of the other new ones are really running. So Samsung had received approval for their Gen 8.5 panel fab. They have started construction, but it's on a much delayed basis from what they originally planned. This new facility is a small facility, and it's located very close to theirs. It will be built in phases and only as they need it. And so it's not like we're turning it all on at once. The same thing is true for our Beijing facility. We are actually going to write up the capacity in the second half of this year, but it will be on a very phased basis. We can ship in from Korea to Samsung. It would not come from our Japanese facility. And they could do that. I won't comment on the economics, but clearly, Samsung very much wanted to have a glass facility built there next to their fab. But we are going to be very, very careful on our managing our overall capacity. And I will comment that at SCP, we expect capacity to remain significantly idle with the loss of LG share.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What equipment are you specifically expecting to move from SCP to China?
James B. Flaws: We’re not giving out that detail at this stage.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And on the specialty side, sales came in a little below expectations. You alluded to a mix shift and others. Can you give us anything a little more specific over there? Was it just sort of the relative sizes that impacted volumes so you had more mix toward smartphones as opposed to tablets in the quarter?
James B. Flaws: I'm sorry, I'm not at liberty to give you more detail. I can just say that in the last month, we received a surprise that a customer wanted a different product shipped, and we had to scramble to try and make that, and we couldn't get it done in the month of June.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The last one for me, have you seen any incremental activity in designs for Gorilla, particularly as it relates to automotive and anything related to Windows 8-based applications?
James B. Flaws: So in terms of auto, we are working with several car manufacturers and are quite hopeful that we'll get something designed in. As we've said before, the pace of the auto industry is quite a bit slower compared to consumer electronics. We are working with a number of people on touch devices, and I think people are hopeful about the impact of Windows 8. But I really can't give you any quantity forecast.
Operator: Our next question is from Amir Rozwadowski with Barclays.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, when we're going over your commentary on sort of ASPs and sort of progression in terms of the marketplace, it does seem as though the shares issue that you folks were dealing with earlier this year and late last year now seems to be behind you folks. Is that an appropriate characterization?
James B. Flaws: Yes, I mean, it's very obvious that we lost significant share in LG last year. That's no secret. that was the customer. But I think, by and large, we think shares have been relatively stable. I mean, in any given quarter, they can move up and down a little, particularly because some customers may run at higher utilizations than others. But right now, we think the share situation is relatively stable, and it is our goal to maintain our share.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So going forward, in terms of your expectation, you don't see any potential additional sort of potholes or anything along those lines that could cause material fluctuation in terms of your share?
James B. Flaws: I'm not expecting any. I don't have a perfect crystal ball, Amir, but I would say that I'm not aware of that. And I think what I'm delighted by our Display team in heading into quarter 3 has reached agreement with our customers. We're quite hopeful that with the utilizations ticking up in Japan, that will be good for us. So I'm not expecting any share potholes. And as I said, our goal is to maintain our worldwide share. And in any given quarter, it can move up and down a couple of points. But generally, that's what we expect to have happen.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That’s very helpful, Jim. And then in thinking about sort of overall demand environment, you did mention that you expect utilization to pick up in the back half of this year as we head into the fall selling season. What are your expectations around the fall selling season and the holiday selling season this year? I mean, are you expecting embedded in your guidance sort of typical seasonality? Or are you taking it a notch lower with respect to the current macro environment?
James B. Flaws: I think it varies region by region. U.S., we're expecting to see relatively consistent unit growth. We're expecting to see the area -- the larger televisions do better, as they have all year long. I think the place, as I indicated in my comments, that we have the most concerns about would be China as to what the growth rate there will be in the back half of the year. And then it's not -- in China, as you know, it's not a traditional fall retail season like it is in the United States and Europe. And I think that's the one that we're most concerned about. In Europe, we’re not looking for robust unit sales, although as I mentioned, we were delighted that the last 3 months have been year-over-year units have been up. And the area even more strongly in Europe, so that's good news.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, Jim. And then lastly, we've seen you folks put some of your cash to work either through acquisitions. Obviously, we are seeing some of the setups on the JV side, as well as a pickup in terms of your buyback this quarter. In the past, you guys have mentioned that you're going to be more proactive around utilizing your cash balance. Any other developments that we could expect to hear on that front as you're thinking at all a change with respect to using your cash on sort of shareholder return initiatives or anything along those lines?
James B. Flaws: I have nothing to announce today. I mean, we still have some money left on our share repurchase. Obviously, we'd love to close the BD deal. We are looking at some smaller acquisitions from time to time in Telecom, but there's nothing imminent. So you shouldn't be looking for any announcement right away. But we are very alert to trying to improve shareholder returns. And so I'm sure we'll be discussing that as the year progresses.
Operator: And we'll go to Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: I have 2 questions, Jim. First of all, in terms of the outlook for the wholly-owned glass business. Is -- things are being driven more by 1 or 2 customers, especially one that's underutilized into the third quarter? And then secondly, the Gorilla glass outlook, any color you can provide in terms of unit versus area? In other words, are you seeing it being driven more by tablets in the second half or at least in this coming quarter? Any color on those 2 issues would be helpful.
James B. Flaws: I don't have any unit data that I can give you on Gorilla, I'm sorry. In terms of outlook for our utilization, our wholly-owned business, it's -- we obviously are expecting, as I indicated, a significant increase in Japan, but we are seeing utilization ramp already at our Taiwanese customers and in China. So it's really relatively across-the-board in our wholly-owned business. Obviously, there are some customers we have stronger positions with. And when they ramp up, it helps us more.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. And then maybe just to ask the Gorilla Glass question a different way. Relative to your expectations for the quarter going forward, how are you factoring in the economic environment into the demand for handheld devices where Gorilla’s designed in?
James B. Flaws: We're -- as you know, we have difficulty forecasting Gorilla. And on the positive side, as we continue to feel smartphones are growing, we continue to feel touch is prevalent on smartphones, we are not feeling any competitive loss there. The downside is we can't -- it's hard for us to tell whether the economy is in fact going to impact phone sales. We think tablet sales are relatively strong. We're -- there obviously are, from time to time, model changes that influence quarters, but we're not sensing economic weakness in the Gorilla business. But it is a very difficult business for us to track because the supply chain is much more complicated than it is in Display.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Fair enough. And of course, I'll make [indiscernible] to Ken and his family.
Operator: Our next question is from Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Jim, I think this morning, one of your Japanese competitors reported and guided for flat volume in the September quarter versus your low double-digit increase. Should we take that to mean that you're potentially getting share in the third quarter relative to your competitors? And what does that imply in terms of downside risk to pricing as we move through the rest of the year? And then just as a follow-up, you talked about some capacity still left in your share buyback plan. Can you just remind us how much is left in your buyback plan?
James B. Flaws: On the latter question, I think about $300 million is left in the existing buyback program. On our competitor's announcement this morning, I think you should talk to them. I think the thing for you to think about analytically is their customer portfolio and what's happening with their customers versus what's happening with our customers. I do not anticipate that we are going to experience anything other than moderate price declines, as we talked about.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, a couple of questions. First on Dow Corning, a little bit aside from the current conversation. Did I hear you correctly in saying that volumes and margins were up, competitors like Wacker saw them down, and kind of expect from the macro that Dow Corning should be doing probably a little bit worse? So just trying to understand the correlation. I know there was the one-time. But in terms of revenue, it sounds as though revenue was doing better there. So I wanted to understand if I misunderstand something, or is something else is going on there that maybe one-time-ish in nature, or what's kind of the difference there? Then on SCP, I think you mentioned something about signing a multi-quarter deal with, I believe, it was a new customer. I'm not sure if it was a new customer or an existing customer. But if you could give us some more clarity on that, that would be great. And then, can you give us an update on the Gorilla side, how the yield improvements are impacting your long-term growth? I understand that in the near term, there was an impact to mix in Q2 that you couldn't supply, and therefore, that might be why it's so strong in Q3. But if we expand over multiple quarters -- if you can help us correlate your previous comments on yield improvements over the last couple of quarters to what we should be expecting for Gorilla going forward.
James B. Flaws: So I'll try to get those questions. So on Gorilla, over time, our customers are improving their yields as they take our glass and finish it. We do not believe that yield improvement had any impact on the Q2. We think we had more significant impact from yields last year, and we think it's a more gradual improvement. The comment on Q2 was really around a mix related with customers changing their orders from one thing to another very late in the quarter, and we just couldn't react quickly enough. At SCP, it's an existing customer that we signed a multi-quarter deal with. At Dow Corning, Dow Corning is a complicated company, but our silicone business had volume increases and also had the benefit of, thankfully, some lower raw material costs structure. On the polysilicon side, what we saw was slightly higher prices in the quarter. Polysilicon, which is perhaps the one that has more comparisons to Wacker, is a -- it's a very difficult industry to predict right now because of the -- what's going on in the solar industry. But we think that Hemlock did quite well in the most recent quarter. But it's a really hard industry to predict right now.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. As a follow-up, is it the -- was the mix shift in Q2 that's causing the strong growth into Q3? Or is it the seasonal trend?
James B. Flaws: I'm sorry, what? Relative to Gorilla?
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Correct. Your guidance for Q3 is strong for Gorilla. I'm wondering if that's seasonal or that's because you couldn't meet some demand in Q2 because the late quarter mix shift, and therefore, that just got pushed into Q3 and we're seeing sort of a one-time bump?
James B. Flaws: No, we don't believe it's a one-time bump. We think it's related to strong end market demand for our products or our customers’ products using the glass.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So we should be assuming that, that -- the yield improvement story that was an issue before, is less of an issue, like you said before, and therefore, we should be assuming nice strong growth for Gorilla going forward?
James B. Flaws: I hope so.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My first question has to do kind of just a bigger picture. Jim, as you look at the capacity expansions, can help people better understand the concern about excess supply coming into the industry of glass as there's quite a bit of idled capacity today? And we know we hear you talk about coming in with very measured ramps. But can you talk to us about the strategy of going into China? Is it more so that the customers are kind of strong arming you into it? Or how come this industry just isn't going into permanent oversupply?
James B. Flaws: On the case of our new venture in China, our customers are partnered with Samsung. And this has been known -- we actually have talked about this for quite a while. I think investors kind of hoped it wouldn't happen, but we've always known it would happen at some point. Clearly, Samsung will make their own announcements about the timing of their panel fab there, but I think you should expect this not to be a sudden giant increase in capacity for the panel or the glass industry. We're building a factory that supplies Samsung. It's a small factory. It's going to be relatively close to them. We're going to be very measured about how fast we ramp the -- we spend the money first and ramp the tanks. We're doing the exact same thing in Beijing. We're being very measured about how we bring up the capacity. I don't think you should expect us to do any further capital spending for glass in Korea or in our wholly-owned business in Japan or Taiwan. I think any capacity increases that we’ll get over the longer sweep of time will be around our productivity principally from thin. I think that’s by and large -- my observation is probably true for the industry as a whole. I don't think you're going to be seeing a lot of new footprint there. So you shouldn't be thinking that this glass factory in China is very big. And I will remind you that we are -- there's a significant amount of capacity in Korea that is offline and likely to stay offline.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then as my quick follow-up, when you mentioned that gross margins for the company in total was going to increase about 1 percentage point, I mean, that's pretty good news. Is the strength behind that mostly driven by the increase of your wholly-owned utilization? Or is it a combination of other factors? I mean, the strength from the wholly-owned glass side of Display?
James B. Flaws: It's clearly the wholly-owned business with good volume growth this upcoming quarter. And again, moderate price decline should help our gross margin.
Operator: And next, we'll go to George Notter with Jefferies.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess I was curious about the decision to formulate a joint venture with Samsung in China. I think you certainly have the option to try to take that business through your wholly-owned division. What was the rationale there? Any flavor would be helpful.
James B. Flaws: Well, I think we've talked about before, for Samsung, on our original agreement, which is now almost 20 years old with them, they have the right if they wanted to put a panel operation in China that SCP could ship into them in combination -- consultation with them, we decided the better answer would be to build a new venture there, a small one, and supply directly, rather than ship in from Korea. But I'm not at liberty to give you much more detail than that. But they always had the right to self-supply their panel fab in China from way back in 1995, when the original agreement was put in place.
Operator: Our next question is from Carter Shoop of Keybanc Capital Markets.
Steve Cho - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This Steve Cho filling in for Carter. Can you guys talk about how your Environmental Tech division is positioned for the transition towards natural gas for the heavy-duty trucks next year?
James B. Flaws: We're not expecting much a significant switch in that at this stage. But clearly, it could have an impact on the demand going forward because you don't need a diesel particulate filter. But we're not expecting a significant shift at this point in time.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I think you mentioned that half of your glass is now thin. Do you have an expectation of where that might be by year end or by next year? And then secondly, on the China JV, how much capacity do you think that will add to your combined wholly-owned and SCP capacity? And also, when you talk about the $100 million investment there, is that just a net reduction in your free cash flow? Or is there any other aspect to that, that you can have by reducing your capital intensity elsewhere?
James B. Flaws: So on investment in the new glass venture there, what you will see is higher dividend from SCP, for an extra $100 million, sometime in the back half of the year, and then we will turn around and put that into the equity portion of the new China factory. That is the only Corning financial impact, and so it's essentially neutral at free cash flow over the course of the back half of the year. I don't have the exact timing of which quarter it will fall, but we could get the dividend in one quarter and the investment in another. But essentially, it's neutral to our free cash flow for the new venture. In terms of thin, we are not giving out a forecast, but we continue to expect that every quarter the percentage of glass going thin will increase, and it will do so again next year and the year after. Ultimately, we'll get to a point where almost all the glass will be thin.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in terms of how much your capacity will increase overall with the China JV?
James B. Flaws: It's a very small number. We’re not giving out the exact number, but it’s a very small number.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions, Jim. First, how should we think about the mix between the Gorilla Glass 1 and the Gorilla Glass 2? Is there a qualification cycle? Or is it a seamless replacement? And then is it fair to assume that 2013 will be a majority of Gorilla Glass 2? And then I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws: The answer to the latter is yes, it is. What we find is the transition is generally around a model change. People very rarely have an existing model that has one glass in it and then they will change to another. So we've been going through this, but the transition is going seamlessly, and customers are enthusiastic about Gorilla Glass 2.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes. In this year, do you think -- can you give us some idea about the mix between Gorilla Glass 1 and 2, please, for this year?
James B. Flaws: We're not disclosing that. I'm sorry.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Then just a quick follow-up. You gave some thoughts on the stimulus in China for the second half of this year, but you also mentioned there is some risk from China. If you look at the track record in terms of what the stimulus has done in China, there's a big uptick in LCD a few years ago. So can you kind of give in that context how do you see in terms of how things are most likely to play out this time versus the last time?
James B. Flaws: So it's a tricky thing to judge because when that stimulus was done 3 years ago, originally, the penetration of LCDs was much slower than it was today. But it's our belief that this will have some impact because the spread of LCDs is still moving -- I'd characterize it kind of westward in the country. And so we think it will be positive, but maybe not as big of a pop as what we experienced when they rolled it out 3 years ago.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: John, I think we have time for a couple more questions.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: 2 questions. One on balance sheet. Jim, how should we think about the free cash flow, either in terms of absolute value or margin in the second half of the year? And I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws: We expect free cash flow -- it's really 2 components. So I'll first say that we think operating cash flow will continue to be excellent in the third and fourth quarter. The free cash flow, it will all depend on the timing of the closing of the BD transaction. So if it closes in the third quarter, it's obviously a very big outflow. If it plays to the fourth quarter, it would affect that one. But other than that, we expect strong operating cash flow, and I don't think our capital spending will be all that different in the quarters going forward.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure. But on the blended basis for the second half, should we expect the free cash flow margin up like mid single digit?
James B. Flaws: I'm sorry. We're not quantifying the forecast of free cash flow.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then moving on to your comment about the TV -- total number of TV shipment for this year, low 220 million, to what -- to some -- to what extent are you concerned that there may have been demand pull-in due to Olympics or do we need to -- do you -- even focusing on this given how Olympics have played into the TV shipment in the prior years?
James B. Flaws: It's always typical for us to judge exactly sporting events and the impact on television demand. I would say compared to prior Olympics, you remember the Chinese Olympics, I would say there is much less talk about the Olympics being a big driver of televisions this year. We do suspect that there was some influence because of European soccer earlier this year. It may have had a little bit of influence. But we're not expecting as much of an impact from this Olympics as we did in 2008 with the Chinese Olympics.
Operator: And our final question will be from the line of Andrew Huang with Sterne Agee.
Andrew Huang - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought I heard you say that SCP would be transferring some equipment from Korea to Suzhou for the new JV. So first, is that correct? And can we take that to mean that there would be very little net increase in glass capacity?
James B. Flaws: They are transferring a small amount of equipment. But as I've said several times now, that capacity from this new facility, which is still quite a ways in the future, is not a very large amount.
Andrew Huang - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-on question, I think you mentioned at the last minute, there was a change in demand for Gorilla Glass. Can you give us a little more color on what that change was?
James B. Flaws: We have a customer who had ordered a particular products in Gorilla and then reduced that and changed -- and mixed into other products. And we were not able to respond quite fast enough.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you, Jim. Thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call -- I'm sorry, Jim, go ahead.
James B. Flaws: We've got one more announcement before we wrap up. We do have one IR announcement. We'll be speaking at the Citi Technology Conference on Thursday, September 6, in New York City. I'd just like to offer one summary comment about our quarter. I think we're making progress on our plan to form bottom in Display. We had one quarter of moderate price declines behind us, and we're executing on another quarter of that. We'll only know for sure when we see bottom in the rearview mirror, but I actually feel good about our progress so far. Our other businesses are on track to grow sales and improve profitability. Obviously, we're not happy with increasing economic headwinds affecting some of them, worries that economic headwinds make the march-up results perhaps be slightly smaller. So we can't control the world's economies, but we can control our costs, and we tend to do so if we see more weakness. We look forward to updating you at the end of quarter 3. Ann?
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thanks, Jim. So a playback of today's call is available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time and will run until 5 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on Wednesday, August 8. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 253774. And of course, an audiocast is available on our website during that time. John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Sofio -  James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee Wendell P. Weeks - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Richard Eglen - Vice President and General Manager of the Corning Life Sciences Business Segment
Analysts: Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carter B. Shoop - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Corning First Quarter Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now I'd like to introduce Ken Sofio, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to Corning's first quarter conference call. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will start the call with some prepared remarks. Wendell Weeks, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; as well as Dr. Richard Eglen, Vice President and General Manager of Life Sciences, will join us for the Q&A.  Today's remarks contains forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Flaws.
James B. Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Hopefully, you had a chance to read the press release we issued this morning on our first quarter results. If you haven't, a copy can be found on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to begin with our key messages this morning. Two months ago, at our Annual Investor Meeting, we announced we were facing a significant reset in the company's profit levels. The reset was primarily due to significant price declines we were experiencing in our Display business over the fourth quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2012. We told you one of the most important objectives was to reduce the level of these very significant quarterly price declines. This morning, I'm very pleased to report we expect our glass price declines in the second quarter will be much more moderate than the average of the previous 2 quarters. In terms of glass shipments, Display volume was better than we expected in the first quarter. Volume at our wholly-owned business was up in the mid-single-digits sequentially versus our expectations of being flat. SCP volumes were down less than 10% sequentially, which was also better than our guidance of down in the low double-digits. We told you at our Investor Meeting that in addition to needing significant slowdown in the glass price declines, we also needed to continue to grow our other businesses. I'm very pleased that in the first quarter, all our other businesses grew sequentially. Specialty Materials sales were up 21%, led by the stronger-than-expected demand for Gorilla Glass. Sales in Environmental were up 12%, also more than anticipated. We also told you to reach our goal of $10 billion sales by 2014, we would supplement organic growth with acquisitions. Hopefully, you saw our announcement to acquire a significant portion of Becton Dickinson's Discovery Labware unit. This acquisition is expected to be completed later this year and is part of our strategy to becoming a bigger, more balanced company. We're delighted with this pending transaction. Several years ago, we established a plan to grow our Life Sciences business to be a $1 billion business. We have grown organically, and with the acquisitions of Axygen, Gosselin and Mediatech reached nearly $600 million last year. The pending purchase of BD's Discovery Labware unit will complement our existing portfolio and provide access to new customers. We believe this business will help catapult our Life Science segment towards its $1 billion goal by 2014. I'll share some more details on this shortly. I do want to stress this transaction will not impact our ability to increase dividends or buy back additional shares. And we have the financial flexibility to pursue additional acquisition opportunities in both Life Sciences and Telecom. For those who have not had a chance to see our balance sheet yet, we ended the quarter with $6.8 billion in cash. In summary, we are pleased with our first quarter results and our progress against our key initiatives. So with that intro, I'll walk you through our Q1 results and our Q2 outlook. First quarter sales were $1.9 billion, up slightly sequentially and consistent with a year ago. Gross margin was 42.4% and lower than the fourth quarter, as we had expected. Lower gross margin in Display offset improved gross margins in Environmental, Specialty Materials and Life Sciences. SG&A was lower on a dollar in the percentage of sales basis while R&D was slightly higher. Equity earnings of $218 million were down about 10% sequentially, compared to equity earnings, excluding special items, of $241 million at quarter 4. Now, as a reminder, we had excluded a significant onetime gain that occurred at Dow Corning in Q4. Earnings per share excluding special items were $0.30, just slightly lower than Q4, but a material decline from a year ago. Growth equity earnings in EPS is stated here in non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation to GAAP on our website. Now, let's start with Display. Display sales were $705 million in Q1, a decrease of 10% sequentially, and versus last year. Volume was up in the mid-single-digits, exceeding our expectations. Price declines over Q4 and Q1 were in line with our expectations. Q1 results were negatively impacted by the weaker yen, which averaged 79 for the quarter. Volume at SCP was down less than 10% sequentially, which is better than we had expected, and the result of customer utilization rates strengthening in March. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD glass business were $182 million in Q1, a decrease of 5% from the fourth quarter. Now, for your modeling purposes, SCP's first quarter LCD sales were about $730 million, a decline of 8% from the fourth quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP's total sales which, of course, includes CRT glass and other product sales. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing inventory levels in the Display supply chain, glass supply, demand and retail. We have revised our estimate of Q4 supply chain inventory now that we have the final data. The fielded Q4 number was 15.2 weeks and the supply chain had actually reduced more inventory than we previously thought. Our preliminary estimate inventory at the end of Q1 was approximately 15 weeks. We think the supply chain built a small amount of inventory in Q1. We will continue to monitor inventory levels, especially as we progress to the second quarter. Historically, the second quarter has been the most difficult time period for the supply chain because of the lower seasonal retail sales. In terms of glass supply and demand, we believe both were in a relative balance entering the second quarter. Regarding our own capacity, we continue to evaluate our need to bring back glass capacity for both LCD, and of course, Gorilla Glass. This time, we consider our own glass inventory levels to be at the low end of what we would consider to be healthy. As a result, we'll likely take some measured steps to ensure we have adequate supply to meet demand. Now, turning to retail, we don't have a lot of new data. In the U.S., we're seeing growth rates that are a little higher than we had expected, this is likely driven by continued growth in larger screen TVs. However, in Europe, demand is definitely weaker, likely a reflection of the economic uncertainty there. This is an area we're going to continue to monitor. As expected, year-over-year unit sales in Japan are down due to the tough year-over-year comparisons with the eco-point promotions last year. In China, there was an interesting dynamic this year, with the Chinese New Year falling in January versus February. And therefore, the promotional activity for the holiday actually started in December, leading to strong pull-in of demand. You may recall, in December, units grew 45% despite the lower demand in January, but we were pleased to see a strong growth rate return in February. We've aggregated the months of December, January and February to deal with the holidays changing, and the blended unit growth rate in China was 15% up. In terms of PC demand for the year, we have no change for our estimate of 4% in unit growth, excluding tablets. In terms of glass demand into retail, our estimate remains at the 3.6 billion square feet. As we mentioned on our January conference call, we have a variety of cases with retail demand being above or below that point estimate of 3.6 billion, driven primarily by different economic scenarios. Lastly, in terms of our migration to Eagle XG Slim, we continue to make excellent progress. We are well on our way to meeting our goal of more than half of our glass being shipped thin. Now, turning to Telecom. Sales were $508 million, up 4% sequentially, but slightly below our expectations of being up 5% to 10%. This slight miss from expectations was due primarily to lower demand for cable products. Fiber-to-the-home and optical fiber demand grew sequentially, and while enterprise sales were consistent. Net income was $21 million, down from $26 million in Q4 and $41 million a year ago. Now, compared to year ago, the decrease in net income largely reflects weaker submarine cable sales and an increase in project spending to support fiber-to-the-home and growth initiatives for NBN in Australia, China and India. In Environmental, sales were $263 million, up 12% sequentially, which was higher than our expectations. In addition to the normal seasonality increase in Q1, we saw additional growth. Strong auto demand in North America drove sales of gasoline substrates and higher heavy-duty sales reflected manufacturing improvements during the quarter. Net income in Environmental jumped from $28 million in Q4 to $40 million in Q1. In Specialty Materials, sales were $288 million, up 21% sequentially and much higher than we originally expected. This better-than-expected sales was due primarily to very strong demand for Gorilla Glass. We saw a surge in demand in March, which we believe was due to finishers preparing for the launch of new product models. Gross margin expanded significantly in the quarter and the segment posted net income of $21 million versus a net loss of $105 million in Q4. Now remember that loss in Q4 was primarily due to onetime charges. In Life Sciences, Q1 sales were $155 million, up 8% sequentially and 8% above the year ago, driven primarily by acquisitions. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have great expectations for our Life Sciences business. We have been and will continue to be innovators in Life Sciences. In fact, as a result of our innovative new business platforms such as unique cell culture vessels and novel surfaces, business has grown organically at a faster rate than the overall industry in the past 3 years. It is an industry that remains very attractive to us. Life Sciences is very different from our telecom and consumer electronic-related businesses, as it is more immune to economic recessions and has much less seasonality. In addition, the amount of new capital required is typically very low, which is a nice divergence from our other very capital intensive businesses. Very excited about the pending purchase of BD's Discovery Labware Unit. This business is currently profitable and generates cash. They have an excellent long-standing reputation the market. In fact, even those who do not follow Life Sciences industry have heard of Beck and Dickinson and their world-class products. We could not be more excited to welcome the Discovery Labware unit into the Corning family. We expect the transaction to close by the end of this year, and be accretive by 2013, excluding the amortization of purchased intangibles. And looking ahead to 2016, which is the end of our planned integration timeframe, we expect to reach $0.05 per share accretion, also before the amortization of purchased intangibles. The estimate synergies will contribute about half the accretion through revenue expansion, SG&A reductions and manufacturing efficiency gains. Let me quickly highlight the revenue expansion. You'll recall this chart from our Investor Day in February. I've highlighted, in blue text, some key examples. First, the BD unit bring complementary products we hope will add to our sales opportunities. Additionally, we have multiple revenue synergy opportunities in adjacency areas, like biological coatings on Corning products, expanding our products like Epic and services into the ADME toxicology. For analysts who may not know what ADME toxicology is, Dr. Richard Eglen, Vice President General Manager of Life Sciences, is actually on our call this morning and he can answer any of your questions you have regarding the pending acquisition and the business. Now, turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $35 million, down 29% compared to the equity earnings, x specials, of $51 million in Q4. And as a reminder, we had excluded a large onetime gain in Q4. In the silicon business, Dow Corning did see good volume growth and much more moderate pricing pressure, which led to an increase in silicon sales. However, this is more than offset by the results at Hemlock. I'll have more commentary on Dow Corning and Hemlock in our outlook section. Now, moving to the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with $6.8 billion in cash and short-term investments, up from $5.8 billion from the end of the year. Increase was primarily due to the $750 million debt issuances during the quarter. Biggest outflow in the quarter was cap spending of $412 million. Free cash flow was a positive $345 million, and a great start to the year, as the company often experiences an outflow in Q1. We also continued our share repurchase program during the first quarter, although the pace of repurchasing was much slower than the fourth quarter. Investors should not view our repurchasing pattern in Q1 as being less bullish. Board management continue to believe the company's current stock price is trading at a value that is lower than the long-term value of the company. I'll not speculate on how fast we'll go through the remainder of the approved amount or what the board will decide to do next. I can tell you that our current cash balance and cash flow expectations over the next several years, we expect to have ample financial flexibility to fund additional share repurchases, do M&A or to increase the dividend. Regarding the BD transaction of U.S. cash, we have ample cash on hand domestically to pursue all 3. So that completes my remarks on the first quarter. To summarize, I'd say we're very pleased with the first quarter performance, especially in light of the headwinds we talked about just 2 short months ago. Now I'll turn to the outlook and I'll start with Display. In the second quarter, volume at our wholly-owned business should be consistent with the first quarter, and at SCP, volume should be up slightly sequentially. Our primary reason for these levels of expected volume is that TV demand in some areas of the world has been weak and the supply chain has already built some inventory. As always, we can be wrong, we're monitoring panel maker utilization closely. We do expect stronger pickup in glass demand in second half assuming normal retail seasonality. Now for glass pricing, as I mentioned in the beginning, we expect our price declines to be much more moderate in Q2 compared to the significant declines that we experienced over Q4 and Q1. As a reminder, the pattern of price declines varied in those quarters but all customers received significant price declines over that period. Moving to Telecom. We expect sales to be up in the low- to mid-teens, sequentially, driven by growth across all product lines. Environmental, we expect sales to be consistent with the first quarter while we anticipate strong growth in heavy-duty filters. We're forecasting softer sales in the European market for light-duty filters for cars. Specialty Materials should have another strong quarter, led by Gorilla Glass. Sales are expected to be up 10% to 15% sequentially. And in Life Sciences, we expect sales to be up 5% to 10%. At Dow Corning, we expect equity earnings to be up about 40%, driven primarily by the higher volumes for both silicons and polysilicon.  Now, at Hemlock, we're anticipating the challenging price conditions in poly will continue. The global oversupply of poly, combined with the decline of subsidies for 2 of the world's biggest markets for poly, to Germany and Italy, continuing to impact poly pricing and solar demand. We do not expect pricing to improve until supply demand levels return to balance and the current overcapacity situation subsides. Now, turning to the rest of our Q2 forecast. We expect gross margin to drop almost a percentage point. While we expect some margin expansion at Telecom and Specialty Materials, these will be offset by slightly lower margins in Environmental and Display. Display, gross margin will be slightly lower, even though price declines will be much more moderate than previous quarters. From a modeling standpoint, it typically takes a higher amount of volume increase to offset even moderate price declines. The volume levels are not enough to hold gross margin this quarter. SG and R&D will be consistent as a percentage of sales in the second quarter. Equity earnings, excluding special items, will be up slightly, sequentially. Our tax rate will remain around 20%. Now, for FX, the yen has significantly weakened over the past few months. The fourth quarter, the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate was 77, Q1, it was 79. Month of April it actually reached as high as 83, and today, it's bouncing between 81 and 82. As a reminder, our results move with the changes in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate. Weaker yen lowers our results, a stronger yen helps. So if the yen averages 1 point higher or lower in Q2, we estimate our sales and net income would decrease or increase by approximately $7 million. That concludes my opening remarks. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Operator, we're ready to take questions for Jim or Wendell or Richard.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ehud Gelblum from Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's Ehud. First of all, Jim, of course we know what ADME stands for. It's absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion. I think that's what it means, at least. A couple of questions quickly. First of all, can you give us an update on the China tanks coming online and timing-wise and progress there? And you previously had talked about having 25% of your capacity off-line and spoke about one of your competitors having a 35% of their capacity online and that helping create a better supply demand balance. You made some comments that your own inventory of glass was low and so -- did I detect that you are bringing some of that 25% back online or are you letting the move to thin glass sort of add to your capacity? And so, where do you see the off-line amount of capacity a quarter or 2 out from here?
James B. Flaws: So your first question, on China. We haven't had a change in the display factory in Beijing. We expect the capacity to begin coming online in Q3. We're going to only bring up a portion of the factory, we're going to be very deliberate about how much capacity that adds. Obviously, we're already shipping by customer there from our facilities elsewhere, but we will start one tank there in the third quarter. In terms of our own capacity, we're not giving out the new number. We have brought out some Gorilla tanks. We are being very careful about how much capacity we have online, it's less than 25%, but we are keeping it in balance with what we see as demand. It's our feeling that the glass industry, overall, is doing exactly the same. We see no wholesale charge to light up a ton of capacity by our competitors. And so that's why we continue to believe we're, basically, pretty much in line with supply and demand.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I could just ask a follow-up. On the Korea customer that you had the issue with over the last several quarters. Is that now settled and where do you stand with them, with respect to -- their clearly not down to 0, but where do they stand with respect to what they were purchasing from SCP, let's say 3 quarters ago, and is that now stable going forward or do you anticipate more gyrations?
James B. Flaws: So, 3 quarters ago, if you're talking about the summer quarter, it should be Q3. We clearly are -- they are purchasing at a lower level, probably not too far off of what they did in Q3, which is when we lost the share originally. Compared to Q2, obviously, it's a lot lower. But they are continuing to buy from us, we continue to talk to them. But as I indicated, I think, actually at your conference, we are not going to give very low prices to try and gain share back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, maybe if we could get a sense of the quarterly sequence of price declines in Display glass, it was bad for 2 quarters. It sounds as if it gets better as, near term, as capacity is taken out of the system. Is this kind of the new norm going forward? Maybe some insights into how the negotiations for pricing proceeded and what indications that holds for pricing discussions over the longer term.
James B. Flaws: Well, Mark, we had significant price declines in Q4 and Q1, at essentially all customers. They didn't happen exact same time at each customer, but in the end, all customers got significant price declines. We went for Q2, we obviously wanted to try and get back to a much more moderate price decline pattern, and that's what we rolled out. We were delighted that we were able to achieve that. We think the primary precursors to allowing that to happen is, number one, that capacity is more in line with demand; and number 2, that demand at retail has been okay. So that has worked for Q2. We obviously haven't negotiated the pricing for Q3. And I think the thing for you to pay attention to is if retail demand flowing through to the panel makers is as we expect in Q3 and Q4, and the industry continues to balance its capacity utilization from a glass point of view, that will be very favorable for pricing. But obviously, we are not giving guidance at this point in time for Q3.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then Jim, separately, Gorilla Glass seems to be reaccelerating. What's driving that? Is that broad-based adoption in terms of applications or is it a concentrated customer that's kind of lifting your outlook for Gorilla Glass?
James B. Flaws: So I would say that we had some disappointment in the third and fourth quarter on Gorilla where we would say, in the end market, the demand for smartphones and the mix of smartphones, overall, is quite strong, as well as tablet sales were good. But that wasn't flowing through to us in quarter 3 and quarter 4, and now we feel like we are catching back up to that. The reason why we think we are off of it was that we do know that some customers built inventory in the first half of 2011. Remember, we were very tight on capacity, and then also, their own yields have been improving over that period of time. So what we're hopeful of is that the demand that we saw in Q1 is more representative of us being in line with the real end market, where smartphones and tablets continue to be doing quite well at retail, and that's why we hope that will continue in the second quarter.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so a more broad-based return.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes, so let me just add to that, in that it is broad-based and we view that it is driving more in line with what is happening with the market. It's just important to note, this is a long supply chain, it's a complicated supply chain. We take glass, we ship it to finishers who cut it and exchange it. They, in turn, ship it to a touch panel manufacturer. They, in turn, send it on to a ODM who then assembles the whole thing, and then finally, it goes to the brand who is the person that we sold to, really, originally. And each of these steps has different yields and different players have different yields, somewhere between 70% and 95%, depending on the step and depending on the player. And our market position is so strong in this. It means that classic supply chain variability, right? We're going to feel 100% of that. And so that can mean, just depending on how the supply chain works, that our glass shipments, in any given quarter, can be different than the end market pull-through. And that's what we experienced in the back half of last year and now you see us sort of moving in line with the overall pole. And we're going to continue to have some fluctuation here, not because anything bad that's happening, but only because of the strength of our position and the length and excitement in the supply chain.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos of UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. I guess the first one is, in the press release, you mentioned that you think that the LCD revenues could show growth in the second half of the year. Even under a more moderate price decline environment it would seem that, in the third and fourth quarter, you would have to have roughly 15% kind of sequential increases in volume to achieve that. So I guess the question is, what gives you confidence that, that would happen? And then first, quarter number one. And then question number two, on Life Sciences. I guess, maybe if I look at -- it's an area, I don't know that well for Corning. If I look at your other businesses, you have very high market share and leadership. And when I look at this business before you started acquiring companies, you were doing just slightly over $100 million a quarter, it didn't seem like a business you had material leadership. Can you give me an update on what you think your market share is in this business and what this -- why the rationale in doing these acquisitions? Do you think you could become a material leader in that segment?
James B. Flaws: So I'll start with Display. I think what we were trying to say at the back half of the year is that the volume available for glassmakers, from the flow through of retail back to the panel makers, would be substantially higher, driven by the fact that the end market is seasonally stronger then. And what has happened to this industry, for the last couple of years is that, in fact, people don't have to build for televisions back in April for the Christmas season, they can do it much closer. So what we were talking about is strength in volume, sequentially, compared to the first half of the year. I'll let Wendell maybe open on Life Sciences, why we find it attractive, and then ask Richard to add a few more comments.
Wendell P. Weeks: To your point on leadership. It was exactly that, that we identified as the opportunity, Nikos, is that we could bring to bear some of the same things that make us be a leader in our other segments and become a leader here. And leadership in 2 ways that matter. I think one is innovation, where we've shown with our ability to grow organically at about twice the rate of the underlying market growth. And that has been solely due to our ability up bring more innovation to bear, and then also with brands. And so what you see us doing on the acquisition front is augmenting our already strong brand in the Discovery Labware market, with additional brands like Falcon, which are quite strong. And then, global expansion, which also plays to our strength because we're already very strong, as Corning, in a lot of the markets that are going to be the real hyper-growth areas for doing more discovery work in the Life Sciences area, which is where our product strength lies.
Richard Eglen: Yes. I mean, just a few words to add to that. I mean, a good number to bear in mind is that the Life Sciences division at Corning has grown about 16% from 2006 to 2011, and that's the combination of the innovation that's been brought through as well as the strategic acquisitions, of which, the proposed acquisition of the Discovery Labware business would be the fourth there. So as we grow and, as Wendell say, and expanded our geographic reach, we can now move with a broad product portfolio offering into both the academic research market as well as the drug discovery market as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amir Rozwadowski from Barclays Capital.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, I was wondering if we could talk a bit about some of the ASP declines that you've seen. I mean, you said that there has been a reset, with respect to ASP declines, obviously, and with respect to margins on your Display business. With your commentary that you now expect to see sort of easing pricing declines going forward, should we now expect that, that -- largely, that reset is behind us or are you still somewhat cautious going into some of the forward quarters to see some level of stabilization here?
James B. Flaws: Well, I would say that we're hopeful that we've achieved back-to-the-moderate level. If you go back over most of the last 5 years, the majority of the quarters where this moderate price decline philosophy that we had brought out at the end of 2006, and we're hopeful that we have, with what we've achieved in quarter 2 and the conditions that we think are allowed that, that we'll get back on that. I cannot guarantee you that we've achieved that in perpetuity, but what we have done is to try and have capacity be in line with the demand, and we think that allows for more moderate price declines. We achieved it in Q2. We're hopeful the same set of conditions will allow us to achieve it in the back half of the year. I can't make that guarantee yet.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then if I think about sort of innovation on the LCD TV market, I mean, a lot of us investors have seen some of the developments on the OLED side, at CES earlier this year. There's been a lot of talk, also, of possible new entrants into the TV market, perhaps bringing some of their innovation to bear, from other tangential markets. I was wondering if you could give us an update on where you see sort of OLED development and its impact for you folks, and whether or not you are seeing potential new entrants that could help drive further -- either replacement sales or some level of increased innovation that gets people a bit more excited about replacing televisions here?
Wendell P. Weeks: It's a great question, because as the LCD market has been going through the great challenges and sort of maturity that it has been, what our customer base has done is to invest very strongly in new innovations. I think OLED captures a lot of the headlines. But really, it's part of a overall innovation trend around high performance displays that are in the area of doing very high pixel count displays, as well as thinner, faster refresh, and then OLED adds the opportunity of a little bit more dynamic color with the potential to go even thinner. These higher performance displays, you put -- do 2 things that are helpful. First, the point you're making, which is higher performance displays encourage the market to trade up because it's more visible, literally, what it is you're looking at. And then the other is, from our perspective, it puts way more challenges on the glass itself, because the way you get a higher pixel count-style display is by putting -- by making more complicated electronics packages which put more stress on the glass, which offer us the opportunity to innovate. So those, I think, the 2 positive forces. There's a lot of different technology nodes out there. And what we're doing is covering our bets across, as you saw with the new OLED venture for glass with Samsung, who is the leader in OLEDs. And as you see, when you start to hear things like oxide TFTs, all of these new backplane technologies. We're also having a significant amount of effort and innovation in that space, and alliances with the leaders in that space as well. So, overall, we look at the amount of innovation in LCD right now, in our Display business, to be really at a high. And you're not going to see it in television first. Where everybody is focused is where the growth is at, which is in the same areas that Gorilla is at. So that going to tend to be in mobile displays -- is where you're seeing the bulk of the focus. There is work going on TVs and large size, but I think that's going to be a little bit later, as opposed to sooner, in terms of the size of its impact on the display technology landscape. If that makes sense to you.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That certainly is very helpful. And perhaps, on the question around meaningful [ph] potential entrants into the LCD TV market, have you folks been seeing any or can you even comment on that?
James B. Flaws: I cannot comment on the activities of any of our customers. It's for them to comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from JPMorgan.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, I've got 2. One is a little bigger picture question about the industry, the panel industry. So not profitable and marginally profitable. I guess that's the primary reason that pricing remains sort of volatile and uncertain in the future. And I just wonder if you guys could comment a little bit about what it is that repairs that industry profitability. Is it only demand that we have to look forward to or are there other things that could happen that help these panel manufactures to get more profitable so there's not much pressure on pricing. I guess that's my first question. And just a quick housekeeping question for Jim. I didn't hear you mention the overall industry glass volume, up to be -- glass volume for Q1 and I wonder if I just missed that or if you didn't mention it, if you could talk about that a little bit.
James B. Flaws: So we didn't give out the glass volume for Q1. We stopped giving at that level of detail about the supply chain. In terms of the panel industry, I'll start and ask Wendell to jump in. I think, what we have seen over the past quarter is stabilization and slight price increases in panel prices. And as Wendell was talking about, we've seen the industry, I think, slowing their capacity additions or actually, in some cases, stopping them. And we see them focused on products that could bring them higher revenue off of that capital, as Wendell was talking about, with some of the high performance displays. Wendell, anything you'd like to add on the industry?
Wendell P. Weeks: First, I think you're on a really excellent question in that the Display industry, our customer base, are quite challenged financially. And I think there's 3 things that they're doing to try to address that. First is getting an industry structure, where you see a sweeping set of moves by a bunch of different players as they either emphasize or deemphasize their investments in the space and consolidation. That, basically, is aimed at demand versus supply balance and that's where Jim is addressing. And the best proxy for that usually, one way or the other, is what's happening with panel prices and none of us would overreact to the latest sort of relative stability in panel price. I think we just got to look at this going forward and see how that plays out. Second is what's leading to their challenges is, first, the market wasn't as big everybody was expecting. And second, there's lack of strong differentiation in the product sets. That's where you see the emphasis on innovation for high-performance displays, which by the way, people talk about OLEDs. Note, oxide TFT technology, which is a new backplane technology, is revolutionizing what LCDs can do. It is making them faster refresh rate, much higher pixel count, it's way more dynamic displays. So it is far from over on which displays are going to win, in which segment. But you see that strong focus on differentiation, all right? And we'll see how that plays out in the technology nodes in one area or the other. And then, finally, you see the focus on those areas in the market that are growing the strongest. And their profitability pools are more aimed at the smaller mobile areas and that's why you see the emphasis towards that space. So I think those are the 3 things that the customer base is working its way through and we'll have to see how it all plays out. Clearly, the best and most important thing that can happen in the near-term is for the market, the end market, to perform in line with our expectations and theirs and that'll certainly help create the type of environment that's a little more stable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'd like to ask, with your commentary about more moderate pricing, was that something kind of in a range of 3% to 4%? As I noticed, the company did not say like historical ranges which had traditionally been down closer to 2%. Or sort of differently, is the future pricing now slightly more aggressive or am I just being too sensitive on the wording, as I think you know, I'm a sensitive guy.
James B. Flaws: We think all our analysts are sensitive. Don't read too much into the wording. I will tell you that the price declines are significantly down from what we experienced in Q4 and Q1. And I'm not going to give out an exact number for competitive reasons, but you'd be very pleased by the reduction in the price declines that we've had, particularly because you're a sensitive guy.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I take you back to your original plan, I believe it was in the 2007 time period or something, where you implemented this new pricing discipline nature of disciplined pricing. Does that take you back to that type of level or -- I guess, what I'm trying to get at is are we back to the original plan of pricing or something just slightly more aggressive?
James B. Flaws: I'm sorry, Jim, I'm not going to give you an exact number, for competitive reasons.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Well maybe I can ask a different question. On the gross margin, I think I heard you mention they will be down about 1 point. If that's correct, does that imply that you think maybe Q2 will be the bottom for your gross margins or will some things such as ramp in China, impact that going forward? And I don't if when you ramp China, are you just layering in that additional supply slowly or will you be taking off production elsewhere in the impact to gross margins?
James B. Flaws: In terms of our gross margin -- in terms of China, we will balance all of our production against what we think the market needs. So if China came up and we didn't need it, we need to light one tank there, we would cut back elsewhere. But we actually think that in quarters 3, which is when China would start, and quarter 4, that the glass demand will be higher if we're right about the normal seasonal uptick at retail and the fact that the supply chain doesn't appear to be building excess inventories. So you should -- based on what we think, you shouldn't expect China to be a drag along profitability of Display. In terms of our gross margin, as to whether Q2 was the lowest, it all depends on what we see in Q3 and Q4. If our hopes turn out, that we're back on a path of moderate price declines and we see volume grow at a greater rate in Q3, that will improve Display gross margins and that will improve our corporate average gross margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski at Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Simona Jankowski here. Just a couple of clarifications on your Display business and then a couple of questions. I just wanted to clarify first. In terms of the upside you saw in the quarter, on your volumes, was that better demand that you saw or was there some better share gains for you at some of your customers, particularly as you caught them up on some of the pricing? And then the other clarification I had was on the competitive situation at your Korean customer. Looking at that now, do you feel that, that was really kind of unique and contained to that one customer or is there anything that would lead you to believe that there could be some similar type of situation, maybe not to that same magnitude, arising at other customers? And then I have a couple of quick questions.
James B. Flaws: So the upside was better utilization by various customers. That was the improvement. As to our characterization of what happened in Korea in Q3 and Q4, we regard that as a very unique situation and not something that we really are experiencing elsewhere.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a couple of quick questions is, one, you didn't mention anything on the Olympics and I guess we've all kind of been burned with that in the past. But if could just give us a sense of what you're expecting or seeing in the supply chain ahead of that, if anything. And then lastly what impact, if any, do you see from the change there, at Sharp, in terms of Hon Hai's purchase of an equity stake in their 10G plant?
James B. Flaws: Well, I'll take the Olympics and let Wendell take Hon Hai. So we're not hearing the same buzz about the Olympics as we heard before the China one. And as you know, generally, our philosophy is that sporting events create a minor uptick. It's usually less than what people's expectations is. So we're actually quite pleased that people aren't getting overhyped about this. But we really don't -- I'm not hearing the buzz like we saw in 2008 before the Olympics in China. Wendell, would you like to comment on Sharp and Hon Hai?
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, first I'd like to take a little piece of the Olympics one and then I'll move on to Hon Hai, which is -- actually, we were hoping that -- my daughter who is a track athlete was going to make the Olympic trials this year. So I could guarantee you there was going to be a huge upsurge on television purchases here in the upstate New York region. However, she injured her ankle, so now I don't know. Anyway, I digress. The Hon Hai Sharp play. So let's contain ourselves to the publicly disclosed information from Foxconn, Hon Hai, Terry Gou basically, and Sharp. Because I just have to, okay? In their rationale for the transaction, what it really comes down to is Sharp is an absolute leader in Display technology. They're the people that we did all the original work with LCDs. It is true. And they're a leader -- earlier in the call, you heard me talking about oxide TFT and the revolution going on for LCD, Sharp is an absolute leader in oxide TFT especially very large-size oxide TFT. So they have that strength. Terry Gou says I have enormous market access, but I'm missing the relevant technology to be able to take my market access and turn it into volume and panel plants that I have an ownership interest in. Hence, for the merger here or Terry Gou's investment in Sharp and in Sakai city. And the logic is, he will take his market access, fill up Sakai City and be able to take this new technology as well as some of the existing technology, and be able to greatly enhance the position of the non-Korean panel manufacturing industry. So that is the state of logic of the transaction. If that is indeed how it plays out, given our position in Sakai City, that would be a very favorable outcome for us.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. So, in that scenario, you would expect utilization to rise and indirectly you'd gain share in that situation?
Wendell P. Weeks: In that situation, if that it is the way, indeed, that it plays out. It's early days. So sometimes industrial logic of transactions doesn't carry its way all the way through to reality. Sometimes it does and it's better. It's just a little early for us to be able to call it definitively.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Shoop from KeyBanc.
Carter B. Shoop - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question. Assuming you increase inventory levels at the wholly-owned Display division in 2Q, can you comment on the magnitude of that increase?
James B. Flaws: It would not be significant such that you would notice the impact in our results.
Carter B. Shoop - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, in response to a question by a particularly sensitive analyst, you mentioned that China won't be a drag to gross margins in the third quarter when that comes on line. Are you suggesting it's not going to be a net decline in gross margins? Are you saying that the increase won't impact at all? Because, I know when we brought on the Gen 10 Facility, obviously a much larger facility. I think it was 2.5 points drag to corporate gross margins in June '09 quarter. So you don't expect any drag there whatsoever. Is that accurate?
James B. Flaws: My comments was, I do not expect a drag on Display margins in Q3 from the start up of a tank in China. Going back to the Sakai City, it was a very large facility. And remember, both the Display business and Corning, Inc., were much smaller then. But definitely, I don't expect to see a drag from China based on what I know today with how we're going to phase the start up.
Carter B. Shoop - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just 2 housekeeping questions if I may. Did you say what Gorilla Glass sales were in the quarter? If so I missed that, and if you didn't, could you provide that?
James B. Flaws: We did not and we are not providing.
Carter B. Shoop - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the acquisition, the BD acquisition. When you say it's going to be slightly accretive in 2013, what type of financing are you assuming in that calculation? Is that a WAC or is that using cash financing?
James B. Flaws: We're doing it all with our cash, which we earn nothing on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Notter from Jefferies.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess, if I look back on pricing historically, you had these catch up scenarios play out where Corning, for periods of time, has experienced more moderate rates of price erosion. And then we found, 4 or 5 quarters down the line, that you've been kind of out of whack a bit relative to your competitors and you've had to catch-up period where your pricing comes down more aggressively. Do you think that scenario could play out here going forward? I guess, in other words, I'm wondering if you see everyone kind of behaving like you guys in terms of price erosion for the next few quarters?
James B. Flaws: Well, I would say, clearly, our hope is that we are getting back to moderate price declines for ourselves. And we're hopeful that, that's what the entire industry is going to do. And it'd be pure speculation for me to say how long that would last. I mean, our hope is that it continues for a long period of time.
Wendell P. Weeks: Just one other point because of your lead-in on the logic flow I just want to touch on, which is -- usually, us, relative to our competition, yes, we indeed get a premium. That premium has that sort of couple 3% range of premium. That within that, we can maintain our share position at a given customer. Above that, pressures increase. So it's not so much that our -- we're not deliberately trying to expand that premium and that our competitors are dropping lower than us. Usually, what leads to this sort of disconnect, and more catch-up, is when market demand is very different than glass supply and our competition moves more aggressively on price in a given quarter. And then we are usually more restrained in our reaction and that's what tends to open up the gap. Just want to make sure, logic flow, we're all seeing it the same way.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just switching gears real quickly. Any new perspectives on capital spending relative to what you guys were talking about that the Analyst Day? I think $1.8 billion this year and $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion for next.
James B. Flaws: No change to that. We still expect a decline in 2013. So you should count on those numbers.
Kenneth Sofio: Operator, it's Ken. I recognize we're coming up on the market open and with respect to people's time, so we'll take one more call.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you give us, maybe, some indication of concentration now in Gorilla Glass versus where you where a year ago? There were a lot more devices that we're being launched, new devices. It seems like a lot of them have really not met with market success and it's been concentrated with a few key players that really have shown success. I'm trying to understand if we should expect significant volatility in this business outside of the supply chain issues that Wendell alluded to earlier. And what risk, if any, do you see from any substitution of alternative materials? And I have a follow-up.
James B. Flaws: So I'll comment on concentration. I think that, in smartphones, we're seeing demand by a number of players. The things that you referred to, last year, really were the launch of the early tablets by some people who didn't do that well. But we are seeing broad-based demand in smartphones for Gorilla. Wendell, you want to comment on competition?
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes. So competition continues to be about the same as it was last year, which is, there has been competition throughout last year. There is competition now. We've been blessed with continuing to have our very strong position. The change between Gorilla Glass 1 and Gorilla Glass 2 sort of reestablished an advantage again. Enabling customers to go about 20% thinner and have the same strength. And so, following our classic model, which is do a combination of product-leading innovation, together with strong process work to develop competitive cost advantage, that typical model for us continues to work right now in Gorilla. And hopefully more innovation to come, so watch this space.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And as my follow-up here, you mentioned oxide TFT several times today. So I'm curious to get your opinion on the possibility of the use of lower quality alkali glass as one of the 2 sheets of glass if oxide does become the backplane technology of choice?
Wendell P. Weeks: That's a very good question. So, oxide TFT is going to require 2, probably, higher performance pieces of glass relative to what it is, is used today. And that mainly has to do with that the backplane is more challenging. If the backplane is more challenging, then you're creating an overall sandwich and then you want to match the expansion rates between the top and the bottom of that device. If you have an alkali containing glass in the top, first, you have the potential for poisoning in these relatively complicated electronics packages. But also, you have different rates of thermal expansion. So those factors will tend to bring you into a more concentrated approach of 2 pieces of technical glass. You hear the more 1-piece, 2 pieces of glass when you hear about OLEDs and especially those OLEDs that are a little bit lower pixel count and whether or not it's bottom emission or top emission. Bottom emission has the potential to use a different encapsulant material other than glass because it's coming out the bottom. The top of it doesn't necessarily need to be transparent. Most of the work that we are seeing, right now go on, is leaning towards the technology node of 2 pieces of glass. But this is going to be a continually evolving technology as the industry seeks true differentiation.
James B. Flaws: Yes. Just a couple of quick comments at the end. First of all, we're going to have a fairly robust Investor Relations schedule over the next months. There are actually 4 conferences. First, we'll be at Jefferies Global Conference in New York City on May 8; and then we'll be in the JPMorgan TMT Conference in Boston on May 15; and back in New York City at the Barclays TMT Conference on May 22; and finally, at the Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in New York City on May 31. So hopefully, you gather we'll be on the road a lot. We would love to see you all in person. Lastly, our annual shareholder meeting is going to be held tomorrow, right here in Corning, New York. Staring at 11:00. If you happen to be in the Corning area, please stop by. But for those who can't, we will be audio-casting on the website, for the speeches. And to wrap up, we've just completed 4 months of the year and we continue to feel very good about our results. Our non-display businesses are all performing well and continue to demonstrate the growth potential we've been anticipating. And in Display, we're more encouraged now, than we were just a few months ago, especially on the pricing front. We're looking forward to continuing this momentum as we head into the second quarter and we will continue to keep you updated along the way. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call, available beginning at 10:30 AM Eastern Time today. It'll run till 5 PM Eastern Time on Wednesday, April 25. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701, the access code is 244213. And the audio cast, of course, available on our website during this time. Operator, that concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you.
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you all.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Finance Committee and Member of Executive Committee Kenneth Sofio - 
Analysts: Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Corning Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Results. It's my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Sofio: Good morning, and welcome to Corning's fourth quarter conference call. This morning we have Jim Flaws, our Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, to read some prepared remarks before we move to the Q&A. And those remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, and these risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim?
James B. Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Hopefully, you had a chance to read the press release we issued this morning on our fourth quarter and full year results. If you haven't, a copy can be found on our Investor Relations website. Looking back at 2011, it was a year when the company achieved many milestones but encountered significant headwinds. From a financial standpoint, Corning had an outstanding year. In 2011, the company set records for sales, gross margin and operating income without specials. All of our businesses achieved increased sales year-over-year, sales of Corning Gorilla Glass almost tripled. We achieved our eighth year in a row of positive free cash flow, we maintained our very strong balance sheet, raised our dividend and initiated a sizable share repurchase program. We also brought significant new innovations to the market as our patient investments in research are paying off. Newer products, such as Lotus Glass for OLEDs and now a new, much thinner cover glass in Gorilla Glass 2 have been very well received by customers. We believe this is an outstanding list of achievements, despite less-than-robust growth in the developed economies around the world. However, it does not tell the entire story. We also encountered significant challenges in the second half of the year. In the third quarter, the display supply industry began a significant contraction. Ultimate resulting in the first year in LCD's history, where the supply chain inventory at the end of the year was lower than the amount at the beginning of the year. Our customers, panel makers, continue to operate on unhealthy financial levels. And in the fourth quarter, we experienced significant pricing pressure and a dispute at one of SCP's largest customers. Lastly, we witnessed significant upheaval in the solar industry, which impacted demand and price for polysilicon at Dow Corning. So while we're proud of our accomplishments we face and continue to face significant challenges. We're taking action to mitigate the impact of these challenges by reducing costs and adjusting capacity. Nevertheless, our profitability will be lower. This reset in the display industry, as well as the pressure at Dow Corning had us feeling like the company is approaching a new floor in terms of profitability. It is our plan to grow profits from this level. In short, we expect strong growth in sales and profits from Telecom, Environmental, Specialty Materials and Life Science segments over the next several years. Our confidence is high for these businesses based on their achievements in 2011, with their collective sales up 31% and earnings before special items up 136%, and also due to our market leadership in these businesses. Now our Display segment is likely not to grow but will generate strong profits and cash flow. In fact, investors should anticipate significant cash flow generation over the next several years. We anticipate using this free cash flow to fund the acquisitions to supplement organic growth, for dividends and for share repurchases. We'll discuss some of those plans this morning in our outlook for Q1 in 2012 and at our Annual Investor Meeting next Friday in New York City, we'll share our growth plans for the next several years. So with that intro, I'd like to walk you through our Q4 results and our Q1 outlook. Fourth quarter sales were $1.9 billion, a 9% decrease sequentially and in line with our expectations. Compared to last year, sales were up 7%. Gross margin was 43.7%, down from the third quarter of 47.1% and in line with our expectations. The lower gross margin was due to higher price declines in Display, lower volumes in Gorilla Glass product line and seasonally lower volume in Telecom. SG&A and R&D were higher sequentially, but in line with our expectations. As a reminder, operating expenses in Q3 were materially lower due to us lowering compensation accruals and also onetime credit. Equity earnings were $321 million, but that included a significant onetime gain at Dow Corning. Excluding that gain, equity earnings were $241 million or 26% lower sequentially, which was slightly better than our guidance. Equity earnings also included a $12 million charge for an asset write-off, which we did not count as a special item. Earnings per share, excluding special items was $0.33 and substantially lower versus Q3 and a year ago. Both equity earnings and EPS, as stated here are non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. For the year, sales grew 19% and reached $7.9 billion, the highest level in our 160-year history. All segments grew year-over-year. Gross margin dollars achieved an all-time high reaching $3.6 billion, an increase of 17% over the prior year. Operating margin, excluding special items was also an all-time record at $1.8 billion. So from a consolidated standpoint, we achieved significant financial milestones. Below the operating margin line however, lower equity earnings and the higher tax rate reduced our earnings. Our tax rate increased as expected from 3% to almost 15%. Equity earnings fell 25%. The combination of higher taxes and lower equity earnings shaved more than $0.5 billion from our bottom line. EPS for the year, excluding special items, was $1.76 and that compares to $2.07 in 2010. Again, these are non-GAAP measures, and please see our GAAP reconciliation on our website. It is also important to note that our sales and EPS benefited significantly from a stronger yen this past year. Now I'd like to turn to our segment results for quarter 4, and I'll start with Display. Display sales were $780 million in Q4, a decrease of 4% sequentially, but 4% higher compared to a year ago. Volume was in line with our expectations. Q4 results also benefited slightly from a stronger yen, which averaged 77 for the quarter. Volume at SCP was higher than our revised guidance, as we disclosed pricing in our wholly-owned business and at SCP, was down significantly. Because the timing varies customer to customer and will spill into the first quarter, I'll discuss pricing more in the outlook section. Regarding the customer who SCP is in the dispute with, while we did ship them a significant amount of glass in the quarter, volumes were significantly lower than the original commitment from the customer. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD glass business were $192 million, Q4, a decrease of 14% from the third quarter.  For modeling purposes, SCP's fourth quarter LCD sales were about $790 million, a decline of 7% from the third quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings report SCP's total sales, which include CRT and other product sales. For the year, Display sales were $3.1 billion, a 4% increase over last year. Volume growth was more than offset by price declines. Sales benefited from a strong yen. Now moving to retail, on this slide you can see unit growth rates by region, by month. Based on some final retail data for November, December, it appears our forecast for LCD television growth is still on track for 2011. Demand for LCD televisions at retail in Q4, including Black Friday, were in line with our expectations. In the interest of time, I'm not going to go through the data region by region. The slide will become available on our website before the Q&A ends, and I'd be happy to answer any questions then. Now as a reminder, the fastest-growing segment of televisions recently has been those 40 inches or larger. On this chart, you can see the growth rates. And we're seeing these higher growth rates across all regions, including developing ones. For glass makers, size matters. We love to see these larger televisions are doing so well at retail. And the area growth rates are actually a lot more meaningful metric since we sell glass by the square foot. Now turning to this chart, you'll see a comparison of growth rates by quarter for units versus area. This is a trend we expect to continue in 2012 as well. Based on our preliminary Q4 retail data, we believe the worldwide LCD glass market was roughly $3.2 billion square feet in 2011, up only slightly from 2010. I also have some updates this morning on display supply chain inventory model. In the fourth quarter we set out to understand how low inventory levels could theoretically reach. I'd like to share with you some of the learnings from that study which was done, with the help of McKinsey consulting firm. One of the more important learnings from the study was that the efficiency levels within the display supply chain have been modestly better than we estimated. While we always model efficiency improvements each year, we had underestimated this metric in 2011. As a result, the revised model indicates the supply chain built inventory in the first half of 2011, peaking in mid-year above 18 weeks. This is slightly higher than our original estimate of 17 weeks. Supply chain correction in the third quarter did result in a reduction of about 3 weeks in inventory. We believe there are about 15 weeks in inventory entering fourth quarter versus our prior estimate of 14.  McKinsey also indicated supply chain levels entering 2012 at the low end of what is considered to be a normal range. But they could trend lower. The study indicated supply chain inventories could fall another half a week this year. Over the longer stretch of time, it's possible to imagine the average week's inventory could continue to decline. Of course, this can change both higher and lower depending on the supply chain sentiment. For example, if supply chain believes retail demand will be stronger and expect that there could be a short-term build up of inventory, and the concerns about the economy if less inventory could be carried. This chart outlines the fluctuation in weeks of inventory since 2007, on the yellow line. With the average on that time, shown as a dotted blue line. As you see, the average level of inventory has been decreasing for the past 4 years. This is due to a number of factors that are consistent with the maturing industry, including lower growth rates, more experience leading to better forecasts of retail demand, and of course, financial pressures across the value chain. I'll have some more comments about our expectations for 2012 in the outlook. Now on the innovation front. We're very pleased with the market acceptance of our new Lotus Glass since its introduction in the fall. As a reminder, Lotus is an environmentally-friendly, high-performance display glass developed to enable such new technologies as OLED displays. While I'm on the topic of OLED, we were pleased to see a number of new large-sized OLED TV prototypes on display at CES. And while these prototypes were quite expensive, as much as $10,000, we believe they showed consumers how beautiful a large OLED display can be. We here at Corning are excited about the potential for OLEDs. At our core, we believe we are a display glass company, not an LCD company. So while the industry does not anticipate a significant number of OLED televisions until later in the decade, for example, DisplaySearch is estimating just 3 million sold in 2014, we have been actively engaged with customers on delivering a unique glass solution. Today, some of our customers are working on OLED's 2 pieces of glass, given the low yields and higher costs when using plastics and metal. And even those customers who are pursuing a one-glass solution, are also working with us on developing a 2-glass solution. The reasons for this are clear to us. Other material sets are not as inexpensive and result in lower yields. If the past year has taught us anything about consumers it is this, consumers are not willing to pay for high-priced televisions. We believe it will be very difficult for OLEDs to reach mass adoption if they're not priced appropriately. And to achieve lower price points, you need to lower costs. And we at Corning believe that a 2-glass solution will actually be the preferred path to this goal. We're going to have a lot more details on our OLED TV forecast and our unique position in the OLED market at our Annual Investor Meeting next Friday. Now let's turn to Telecommunications. In Telecom, sales were $490 million, down 13% sequentially and in line with our expectations. Compared to the fourth quarter last year, sales were up 11%. For the full year, Telecom sales were $2.1 billion, an increase of 21% over 2010. This segment experienced significant growth across all product lines. Our Fiber-to-the-Home sales were up 39% and our Enterprise Networks sales were up 10%. Even more impressive was the strong bottom line performance of the segment. Net income, excluding special items, was up over 70% this year. In Environmental, sales were down $234 million, down 5% and in line with our expectations. When compared to the prior year, sales were basically even. For the year, Environmental sales reached $1 billion, the highest in the segment's history, increase of 22% and driven by the surge in demand for diesel filters. And we're very pleased that our diesel business exceeded $500 million in sales for the first time. Net margins in Environmental jumped from 5% to 11% in 2011, and net income almost tripled from $43 million to $121 million. We're delighted by the performance in Environmental and very pleased that we're improving in manufacturing and that our products are doing well with our customers. In Specialty Materials, sales were $238 million, down 20% sequentially, which is actually slightly better than our expectations. Compared to the prior year, sales were up 21%. The segment posted a net loss of $105 million in Q4 versus an income of $38 million in the previous quarter. The loss was due primarily to 3 events. First, we took an $83 million after-tax charge related to impairment of assets. These assets were used to make large-sized cover glass. Due to low demand, we impaired a portion of these assets. We treated this as a special item. Second, there was an after-tax charge of $12 million related to the write-off of Gorilla tanks at SCP. This charge was not treated as a special item. And lastly, due to the lower demand for Gorilla Glass in the fourth quarter, we ran our assets at lower utilization rates, resulting in lower margins. Gorilla Glass sales in the fourth quarter were $161 million, down about 25% sequentially. The sequential decline, we believe, was due to improved yields at our customers and higher inventory levels within the supply chain.  As we've mentioned over the past few months, our visibility into this supply chain is not nearly as robust as it is in Display. To help you illustrate the chain, I've got a simple chart to show you. These are the steps it takes for our Gorilla Glass to make its way into a finished product. Even though our customer wins are actually with the original equipment manufacturer, such names as Samsung, Motorola or Acer, the glass gets shipped first to a finisher. At the finisher, the glass is cut into parts and then chemically strengthened. The majority of our glass is shipped to only a handful of finishers, which is why you see in our public filings, there are only 2 to 3 material customers in Specialty Materials. It's also the reason why investors will not see the name of the list of any of our OEM component suppliers. The strengthened glass is then shipped to a touch panel assembler, who assembles the glass in the touch panel module. There, the touch panel gets shipped to an ODM, who assembles the entire consumer device. And lastly, it's shipped to retail under the OEM brand name. A lot more steps here than the LCD business. And for that reason, we need to get a better understanding of how much inventory is at each step. Our goal is to create a model somewhere to display, but we have a long way to go. Now on the right-hand side of this chart, you can see our estimates for glass efficiency throughout the supply chain. And while the efficiency levels may not be that bad at any individual step in the supply chain, when you add up the low end of the cumulative losses, there's potential for significant inefficiency. For example, at the finishers, there is some glass that is lost in the process of cutting glass into device-sized pieces before chemically strengthening them. We've actually been working directly with the finishers and the touch panel assemblers to help them better understand how to handle and process our glass. We hope it leads to improved yields at our customers over time. And even though those improving yields will reduce demand glass for us, we'll lower the cost of the device. And in the long run, in consumer electronics, that's very important. For the year, Gorilla Glass sales were $710 million, almost triple a year ago. Gorilla Glass is one of our fastest growing products in history, and the glass itself is our second highest gross margin product today. For those of you who were at the Consumer Electronics Show, hopefully, you had a chance to stop by our booth and to see the next generation of Gorilla Glass. We're calling it Gorilla Glass 2. Gorilla Glass 2 enables up to a 20% reduction in glass thickness, while maintaining industry-leading damage resistant, toughness, optical transmission and scratch resistant. This newest innovation was in direct response to our customers' drive towards ever-thinner form factors. And to put it mildly, we have a lot of interested customers. Gorilla Glass is now used by more than 30 major brands and designed into more than 600 product models, spanning more than 600 million units worldwide. And we're going to have some very cool demos of the new glass at our Annual Investor Meeting next week. I'm going to have some more of this topic in the outlook. In Life Sciences, Q4 sales were $143 million, 7% less than Q3 and flat compared to last year, and in line with our guidance. For the year, Life Sciences sales were about $600 million, an increase of 17% over 2010. Excluding acquisitions, Life Sciences' sales were up 7%. Now at Dow Corning, equity earnings were $129 million in Q4, compared to $89 million in Q3. Q4 included a onetime gain of approximately $80 million. Dow Corning had brought legal action against one of it polysilicon customers, who had stopped taking product to enforce certain long-term sales agreements. The resolution resulted in a significant cash payment. Excluding this gain, equity earnings at Dow Corning were $49 million, down 45%. Now in response to falling poly prices, Hemlock has modified a number of its sales agreements to provide temporary pricing relief while preserving the long-term favorable relationships with its customers. In addition, Hemlock has decided to delay certain plant expansion activities until market conditions for polysilicon improve. It is in difficult times like this where being the lowest cost producer provides a key advantage. Today Hemlock is the world's lowest cost producer of poly and its costs are still well below spot prices. Although reported spot pricing has actually ticked up in recent weeks, we still believe it's below production costs of some of our competitors. Regarding the current poly supply and demand balance, we believe there continues to be a significant amount of excess capacity, which will continue to put pressure on poly pricing. Now let's switch to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $5.8 billion in cash and short-term investments, a decline from $6.4 billion in cash we had on hand entering the fourth quarter. Of course one of the major cash outflows during the quarter was our capital spending. The other was the cash we used to repurchase shares. We told investors we would be aggressive when the stock price is significantly lower than what we deem to be fair value, and we were. We began repurchasing stock in late October under the $1.5 billion share repurchase program approved by the board earlier that month. In roughly a 2-month period of time, the company spent about $780 million to repurchase approximately 55 million shares. Looking ahead, we continue to be -- we expect to continue to be active in repurchasing our stock if it remains at levels below our estimate of appropriate value. I will not speculate on how fast we'll go through the remainder of the approved amount or what the board will decide to do next. I can tell you, given our cash flow expectations over the next several years, expect to have ample financial flexibility to fund additional share repurchases, M&A to supplement growth or to increase the dividend. Capital spending for the year totaled $2.4 billion and was in line with our previous guidance. I'm delighted to say we finished our eighth year in a row of positive free cash flow with $544 million. Very pleased with our ability to generate over $0.5 billion in the year when our capital spending was higher than usual. Now on to our outlook. This morning, we'll be providing first quarter, as well as some full year guidance by business. I'm going to start with Display in the retail market. In the first quarter, we're not expecting much sequential change in the overall glass market. Volume at our wholly-owned business should be in line with the glass market. Volumes at SCP are expected to be flat or down double digits, depending on the outcome of negotiations with that key customers.  Now looking ahead to the full year, we expect the retail market, in terms of square feet, to grow about 10% in 2012 from roughly 3.25 billion square feet to about 3.6 billion square feet. Let me be clear, this is the amount of glass contained in LCD products sold to consumers, not the amount of glass that we're shipping to panel makers. Amount of glass shipped above and below the retail number will obviously be dependent upon panel maker utilization rates and the supply chain dynamics. At this time, our most likely case is the supply chain could actually add about 100 million square feet of inventory during the year. As the retail market grows, so does the amount of inventory in the supply chain. In terms of weeks of inventory, we actually expect supply chain to contract by about 1/2 a week. This is because we believe the supply chain will build inventory in square foot though at a slower pace than the retail demand growth. I've outlined our point estimates for retail demand and supply chain inventory. Now for your planning purposes, we also have a downside case. With inventory being flat in terms of square feet rather than growing 100 million. And for retail demand we have a variety of cases for demand being above or below the point estimate of 3.6 billion square feet, obviously driven by different economic scenarios. For modeling purposes, we now expect LCD television units to be about 230 million this year, up about 10% versus 2011, and consistent with most industry forecasts. Again, we expect area growth to be higher. PC units, which include monitors, notebooks, tablets are expected to grow 10% this year, the strongest demand in the tablet area. In regards to glass capacity, we believe the actions we've taken to reduce capacity has brought glass supply closer to end demand. If we've correctly estimated retail demand and supply chain dynamics, then we believe worldwide glass supply could move into balance with glass demand at some point during the year. We will of course then decide on the pace and timing of bringing capacity back on line, but we are likely to be very cautious about restarting tanks. This brings me to the topic of what happened in the fourth quarter. We believe there are a set of circumstances within the LCD industry, that actually are leading to a reset of our LCD business. Circumstances have caused a period of more significant glass price declines. Glass price declines will be significant in the first quarter of 2012, as they were on quarter 4. We expect significant double-digit price declines cumulative over the 2-quarter period of time. Now the circumstance driving this are the following: First, as you know, the rate of growth at retail has been slowing for many years, as the technology penetration phase is ending for television. This growth slowdown into maturity has actually been expected by the industry for some time. However, while the growth rate was still in the low double digits this past year, this decline in the maturity may have been hastened this past year by the worldwide economic malaise. Second, the panel capacity has had far more capacity than retail demand. This excess capacity leads to low operating utilization, continued price pressure on panels and ultimately, terrible financial results including significant losses. This situation was aggravated in the back half of 2010, when the industry tried to fix its profitability by aiming high-feature and high-priced televisions to consumers. Consumers did not want the higher priced TVs, which led to lower growth and excess inventory. This is actually a good lesson learned to those who believe in high-priced OLEDs will be an immediate hit with consumers. Now these issues exacerbated the utilization problem, putting further pressures on panel prices and effectively pushing pricing to levels that were either at or lower than cash costs. The third element is likely related to the first 2. Display's supply chain decided to reduce the amount of inventory carried. With the industry maturity and lack of profitability, this decision is very understandable. However, it caused lower utilization for panel makers and for glass makers. The glass industry has historically kept capacity closer to the retail level than the panel industry. This year, the inventory drawdown, combined with lower retail growth, pushed glass into a more significant overcapacity situation. And this circumstance combined with panel industry profitability has led to the pricing pressure on glass.  So what does this mean for Corning? We have recognized this untenable financial situation of our customers, many close to record losses last year. We obviously have been working with them to reduce glass prices now to help their financial strains. We have proposed advancing our normal 2012 glass price declines versus more normal moderate price declines each quarter throughout the year. This will provide our customers more immediate financial relief. However, this cumulative 2 quarter of higher price declines will cause a reset of the profitability in our display business. We're hopeful that our pricing actions combined with capacity decisions will lead us to get back to more stable price declines after quarter 1.  Display business continues to be extraordinarily profitable for us and will generate significant cash flow. Even more so as the combination of our innovations and retail maturity cause our capital spending to slowing in this segment. The changes in the Display business often mask from investors the growth in sales and profits of our other segments. Other segments represent about 60% of the sales, and each of them had great sales growth in 2011. In fact, the sales of our non-display segments grew 31% in 2011 and profits grew 136%. One of our fastest-growing business is Telecom, where the demand is forecasted to be strong worldwide in the key markets we play in: Fiber-to-the-Home, Enterprise Networks, optical fiber and wireless. We expect another year of very strong growth in Telecom. We expect further gross margin expansion in Telecom driven by the mix of higher margin products. In the first quarter, sales will increase 5% to 10% sequentially, as well as year-over-year. In Environmental, we expect another very strong year of growth due primarily to our surging diesel business. First quarter sales will be up slightly. Specialty Materials sales will be led by Gorilla Glass and we anticipate the cover glass market could grow as much as 20% this year, driven primarily by tablets and handheld devices. However, we do expect further improvements in customer yields as the year progresses, as well as some price declines. Right now, it's hard to forecast the impact of each and the impact they will have on 2012. The first quarter we expect the segment sales to be up slightly driven solely by Gorilla. In Life Sciences, we expect another strong year of sales growth through a combination of organic growth and a full year of sales from recent acquisitions. In the first quarter, sales are expected to increase 10%. We'll be providing more longer-term forecasts for each of these businesses next week at our Investor Meeting.  At Dow Corning, we expect equity earnings to be lower in 2012. In the silicone business, it will be due to a combination of higher raw material cost and softer worldwide silicone demand, impacting prices and margins. At Hemlock, we're anticipating the challenging price conditions in poly continue. Pricing is not expected to improve until supply demand levels return to balance and the current overcapacity situation subsides. We'll provide additional color at Dow Corning at the Investor Meeting next week. Now continuing on with our outlook for Q1, we expect gross margin to drop a percentage point primarily due to lower pricing in Display. SG&A and R&D will be consistent on a dollar basis with the fourth quarter. Equity earnings, excluding special items will be down between 5% to 20%, depending on that potential of lower volumes at SCP and the lower earnings at Dow Corning. Equity earnings from Dow Corning are expected to be down 35% due primarily to lower poly pricing. Other income is expected to fall by more than half, primarily due to lower royalty income. Our tax rate, as expected, will move from 15% to 20% in the first quarter. Main drivers of the increase will be the expiration of certain tax holidays in Asia, the failure of Congress to pass the Extenders Bill and more profits in higher-rate jurisdictions. As a reminder, this is a non-GAAP measure as it excludes special items. Our share count will likely be lower as we have a full quarter's benefit from the share repurchases we did last quarter. For FX, as a reminder, our results move with changes in the yen-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate. The average rate in Q4 was 77, so if the yen averages 1 point higher and lower in Q1, estimate our sales and net income would decrease or increase by about $9 million. Now before I move to Q&A, I want to remind everyone that our Annual Investor Meeting will be next Friday, at February 3 at Cipriani's in New York City. I can tell you we're going to actually have a much different event than last year. This year we'll actually demonstrating live on the stage many of our next-generation innovations that we're most excited about. Obviously, including Gorilla Glass 2, but as well our ultrathin glass. It's shaping up to be very informative and actually a hands-on event. For those of you considering staying in your office or home, and listening to the webcast, please don't. I highly encourage you to attend. Many of the demos can only be experienced live. Plus, this will be one of your rare opportunities to interact with all of our key business leaders in one setting. We hope you will attend. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim. John, we're ready to take some calls now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First in the line is Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, clearly you're communicating to the LCD business growth and profit profiles different. How should we think about the CapEx profile for LCD glass without any new capacity additions? And could you also talk about plans for the Beijing, BOE-related glass melting facility?
James B. Flaws: So we are going to finish our Beijing facility. So you'll see that in capital spending. We believe our primary customer, the BOE, will be a very successful panel maker as the Chinese market grows. We obviously are going to pace the startup of that factory, and we will plan to do that. We're expecting the startup to occur in the second half. In terms of capital spending for Display, we are finishing up our earthquake preparedness capital spending we've outlined to you before. But in terms of any additional capacity in Display, either in our wholly-owned or SCP, you should not see us initiating anything new.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And as a follow-up, is there a level of price decline on the LCD glass quarter-after-quarter, after which you would rather walk away from the incremental volumes?
James B. Flaws: I could just tell you, Wamsi, that the LCD business remains extraordinarily profitable, despite these 2-quarter price declines we have. And the incremental margins are very high. So we definitely intend to maintain our position in the business. And we'll obviously respond to situations as they come along. But beyond that, I won't speculate.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: If I could just squeeze in one last one in here. You noted Gorilla Glass pricing could decline in 2012. Did it decline in 2011? And can you talk about some of the drivers of these competitive reasons, excess inventory or just incremental pressures from customers?
James B. Flaws: We really haven't seen much in the way of price changes in this business in its early years. We always expected that this would be the year we'd begin to see some. It is not excessive price declines. I think some people are speculating that, that is not the case. In fact, we haven't even reached agreement with all our customers yet. But we're just assuming that in the consumer electronics business, that we will feel the fact that our customers always want to be lowering the price of their end product. And so we are highlighting to you that this is the year we might see some price declines. We have not agreed on those yet with customers. We are not feeling any competitive pressure. And if the excitement that we heard from customers on Gorilla Glass 2 at the Consumer Electronics Show continues, we don't expect to feel any competitive pressure.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, you're doing the necessary things with pricing concessions in the near term. But how do we know that your actions don't create a change in future behaviors for your customers, creating a new price tier and undoing some of the pricing strategy changes that you implemented 3 to 4 years ago?
James B. Flaws: Well, I can never guarantee what the future's going to be, Mark. But I can tell you what we did coming out of 2006, is we adopted a strategy and communicated very broadly that we thought the best thing for our customers and for the industry was to have consistent price declines every quarter, keeping up with the fact that consumer electronics prices are going down. And we intended to do that. There have been several times since then, when we had price declines above that. But I would say, in general, what has led to that strategy, working for us in the industry, was for the glass makers to not have capacity substantially above what the real demand was. The biggest problem that occurred this past year, in my opinion, and take this as a Jim Flaws opinion, please, is that the glass industry, which has to shoot ahead of the duck in terms of thinking about capacity, expected retail demand to grow in 2011 by a certain level. And then it didn't grow quite that strongly. I think ultimately retail glass grew about 12%. And maybe a little bit more than that. But we had assumed, originally, that retail demand would grow 18%. So we had capacity in place for that. Second, in our models, for the prior 4 years, the 2010, '09, '08 and '07, the aggregate amount of square footage in the supply chain, in any one of those years, either grew 100 million square feet at a minimum or over 200 million square feet. We had anticipated the industry would build inventory again. It didn't. Not only did it not build, it actually declined. Those 2 things led to overcapacity in the glass industry by above 20%. That leaves the opportunity for our customers, who are always putting price pressure on us, to have a more effective way to do it when demand and supply and balance for glass gets out of whack by that greater amount. What I believe, Jim Flaws' opinion, what's going to happen is that we will not see the same precipitous drop in inventories going forward. Retail demand will grow, it may not be as great as what we'd all like, but we are going to be bringing the glass capacity in line, closer to end-demand, and that becomes a recipe for more moderate price declines. I cannot guarantee you that, that's our strategy, that's why we announced the 25% capacity offline in the fourth quarter.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, as we look towards stable pricing declines after quarter 1, is there a promise or maybe a gentleman's agreement from your customers that once their margins improve, that subsequently, there's more rational and less inclination for discounts from Corning?
James B. Flaws: We have no promises or gentleman agreements with pricing on our customers.
Operator: And we'll go to Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just got 2. One is on the pricing declines. If you could just elaborate, Jim, on where you are in the process of renegotiating prices among the panel makers for glass. Are we halfway through that process, are we a quarter of the way through, where are we in the process and the price levels resetting because that kind of thing is likely to happen beginning in Q4? And then my second question is on inventory. If could just talk about you said that we can expect for a half of week in inventory compression this year. Do you expect that to be more toward the first half of the year or do you think that's going to be spread across the whole year? I'm kind of trying to get a feel for whether you think inventory is stabilizing to earlier in the year or not until later this year?
James B. Flaws: So I don't have a perspective on the half of week of inventory. I mean we have done that saying, as that chart we showed, that we believe, over time, inventories will -- efficiency will continue to improve. We haven't gotten so specific to say we know that's exactly occurring in which quarter. In terms of pricing, we're basically done on price agreements with our customers with the exception of the one customer in Korea, so we're very far along.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And Jim, do you think that, that one customer -- do you think you can finish that in Q1 or do you have a feel for when that completes?
James B. Flaws: I just won't speculate. I mean this obviously has been a very difficult situation. And my ability to forecast how quickly we can do it has obviously been proven wrong, so I won't speculate anymore on them.
Operator: Our next question is from Amir Rozwadowski with Barclays Capital.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, in talking about that one Korean customer, I mean obviously, your guidance here has a decent amount of variability for shipments out of SCP dependent on what happens with that customer. Can you give us a little bit of color as to sort of what's on the flat side versus the down 10% side, is it sort of a share recovery, expectation on one side or is it that share would remain the same at sort of new levels with that customer?
James B. Flaws: I think I have to decline to be too specific on it. This customer remains taking quite a bit of glass from SCP, they're just well below the original agreement that we had with them. And as you know, the dynamics that I walked through with you, unfortunately in November and December, is we thought we had reached agreement with them and then they took the share back up and took it back down. And so I think it's inappropriate for me to comment on the exact numbers in it. But depending on the outcome, because the quarter 4 had so much variability in the months of October, November and December, there's a situation that we could see where the aggregate amount obviously is good, or it could get worse. And I just won't forecast it, and that's why I wanted to give you a range there.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly on the pricing front, obviously you're working with the panel makers given their challenged profitability here. Are you still looking to maintain a premium in terms of pricing in the marketplace versus competitors, dependent on sort of your pricing actions? I'm just trying to get a sense in terms of what you're seeing for yourself and also your competitors in the market.
James B. Flaws: Sure. We expect to get -- have a slight premium. As you know, the premium is fairly small but we expect to get it. From our eyes, we expect to get the premium because we think our product performs best. On the other hand, from our competition's eyes, they probably always want to be below us as a mechanism to try and do well with our customers. So we in general, expect to always have a slight price premium versus our competition.
Operator: And we'll go to Nikos Theodosopoulos with CBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I had some, hopefully, some simple numeric questions and then a general question. Jim, I did not actually hear a CapEx outlook for 2012, can you give us an expectation there.
Kenneth Sofio: Nikos, it's Ken. We gave it out a couple of months ago, it's around $1.8 billion.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So that didn't change? I guess that was my question, no change in that?
Kenneth Sofio: It did not change, no.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question is, do you have for the full year of 2011, the LCD price declines in SCP and the wholly consolidated business?
Kenneth Sofio: Nikos, for both SCP and the wholly-owned business they were around 15%, maybe a little north of there for the full year of 2011.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then my question here is, when you idle capacity in LCD, can you elaborate what in fact that means? In other words, how long does it stay idle? What's the process -- more importantly, what's the duration to get it back when in fact, you want to get it back? And as part of that question, is there any commitment Corning has made regarding the Beijing plant in terms of a completion date or minimum capacity there?
James B. Flaws: A lot of questions. So in Beijing, we do have a commitment to operate the factory. The pace of when it starts and how much it does in a given quarter is not a commitment, but obviously we have a very important customer there, located right next to us. So we expect to supply glass to them from that facility. We're now forecasting the startup to be in the second half of 2012, we're actually shipping that customer from capacity in our other locations today, as they have begun their ramp-up of the Gen 8.5. In terms of the overall capacity situation, I think, as you know we have smaller tanks than our competition, and a lot of them. And what we basically do when we talk about capacity going offline is we try to get -- unless we think we're going to need it again in a very short period of time, we let the tank go cold. And the tank goes cold. We have a choice, do we repair it immediately or do we delay the repair, and that will depend on our outlook. In general, we by and large usually repair fairly quickly. You should think about the repair not being very expensive. It's just primarily rebuilding the refractory, swapping out the precious metals and putting in a new one and taking the old one out to be reformed. Neither that situation does not take a lot of time. And then once we decide to relight it, we have to heat up the tank. You can't go from basically the ambient air temperature to 2,300 degrees instantaneously, it takes a while because you don't want everything to crack. And so it takes a period of time to bring it up. But we can do that, it's not a significant issue in terms of timing. But I do want to emphasize, I mean, what we have done is said, we've taken this capacity offline, we don't have plans to bring a lot of this capacity back based on our outlook for the market and we're intending to stick to that for now.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Would there be a write-down if that capacity never got turned up? How would we measure it with the potential write-down on something like that?
James B. Flaws: So if the capacity was never used again, ever, then yes, there could be a potential write-off. There are 2 write-offs that occur, if a tank has not finished its life, there's a small amount of capital that has to be written off, because once you take it cold it's useless. You've seen that happen to us before. For example, in quarter 4 of 2008. I think you're asking more about a longer-term issue is if we never need some of these capacity again. Yes, there would be a write-off. I can't estimate it for you because I don't know which tanks would do. I will remind you that these tanks are very flexible tanks. Not only can we make LCD glass, we'll be able to make OLED glass. We can make Gorilla Glass and we can make photovoltaic glass in these. So in terms of saying that there will be a write-off of this capacity, it will be permanently never needed ever again. I'm just not sure that, that's an imminent decision that we're facing.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just one question for me on the gross margin outlook. Jim, you're talking about gross margins being down about one full percentage point, but it's in a quarter where your wholly-owned business isn't growing, Gorilla Glass isn't growing and you have price pressures. So I'm just trying to see why the margin shouldn't be down a little bit more. What else is going on within the gross margin line?
Kenneth Sofio: It's Ken, Steve. It's a corporate gross margin forecast. Clearly, we do expect some good margin performance in our other segments during the quarter and that's going to help offset some of the things you mentioned in your question in Display.
James B. Flaws: And in particular, I'll draw your attention to Gorilla, where we had very low utilization in this quarter, where we were -- basically, we expect Gorilla demand to grow, so we didn't turn the tanks off.
Operator: And we'll go to Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you quickly touch upon, I believe, the licensing agreement between SCP and Corning expired the end of last year and maybe just let us -- or at the end of 2011, and let us know what the outcome of that was. And then on the second note, can you just kind of revisit one more time your commentary about the hope for improved pricing or more stable pricing in 2012. Because if we're thinking about the supply chain and connecting the dots that the panel makers and also the OEMs are not profitable, I would assume that they're hoping for these panels -- or these glass prices to significantly continue to decline in the future. So what's the indications that's giving you that hope?
James B. Flaws: Okay. On the former Samsung agreement, as we've talked about before, the Samsung agreement expired, I think at the end of November last year. Embedded in that is a step down in the royalty rate. And we'll be talking some more about it at the IR Day. So I'd ask you to hold until that day because we do intend to address it then. So what leads to our belief around the potential to get back to more moderate price declines? It is all based on the fact that we believe the industry is correcting to get glass capacity more in line with what will be the demand. And when that occurs, we believe there's an opportunity for more moderate price declines. That is and had been the primary strength of why we had moderate price declines during those periods over the last 5 years. It is very obvious from our customers' perspective, they would love to have these price declines at this higher rate continue in perpetuity. And the tension is whether they have enough strength to force that upon the glassmaking industry or not. We believe that the capacity balance situation and competitive dynamics will ultimately lead to more moderate price declines. And our hope is that occurs as soon as quarter 2.
Operator: And we'll go to George Notter with Jefferies.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess I was trying to better understand the relationship between price erosion on LCD TVs at retail and the size of the glass market. If I look back at 2011, it looks like pricing at retail came down around 6%. I think that was actually quite a bit below what you guys were originally thinking about coming into the year. And looking forward, 2012, it kind of feels like price erosion is going to be around the same place, 5%. I think if you look at the DisplaySearch numbers -- I think if you look at the glass market, you guys are talking about 11% kind of growth this year in volume terms. I mean, how do you feel about how those 2 numbers correlate? Is it possible that you guys could be overestimating the growth in the market if you only get 5% price erosion on TVs at retail?
James B. Flaws: So I don't think we actually agree with your TV pricing data down. I don't have it right in front of me, but I think we think it was higher than that 5%. And we have never seen an exact correlation between pricing and retail and our pricing to us. But we think we've got right the end market growth for televisions. Obviously we do realize that even though consumer television is a fairly resistant purchase in tough times, there is the possibility of weakened economic fence. I mean if Europe goes into a serious recession, then maybe we could be wrong. But we think we've got it right. In fact, if anything, I think we got surprised a little bit on the upside in terms of units of television in the back half this past year. So we remain comfortable with our estimate. Obviously, we could be wrong.
Operator: And we go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to clarify, Jim, some of the comments you made at the very beginning of your prepared remarks, where you talked about approaching a bottoming profitability but not expecting the Display segment to grow. Was that a comment looking out beyond Q1? If you can just talk a little bit about your longer-term expectations in the Display segment. And also, since you termed the margin decline this quarter as a reset as opposed to a decline, that implies some level of permanence. And so I just wanted to see if you can address how much of your gross margins you think you can recover beyond Q1? And also if you're thinking about offsetting some of that decline with actions at the R&D or SG&A line?
James B. Flaws: That was a lot of questions in one. So our comment about Display was a long-term comment. And we think we're reaching the point where the unit growth and the volume growth, even with moderate price declines, will give us periods of time when there basically is no net sales growth for Display. This may have come a little earlier than what we expected, I think we have been expecting it maybe this occurring in 2014 or 2015, rather than 2012 and beyond. But basically, it appears that we maybe at that point now. So that was a longer-term comment, that wasn't a quarter-by-quarter comment. Your second question was?
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just along the same lines. When you talk about a reset in profitability, does that imply that you view your gross margin permanently coming down to a lower level even beyond the big issues in Q1?
James B. Flaws: So I would say, with what we know today, we believe that the gross margin has come down in Display. And we don't see a set of factors that would drive it back up. To drive it back up, what would have to occur is that we would have to have a period of time where price declines were very, very minor and then we ran our tanks full and then cost reduction exceeded price declines. Right now, I can't, in all candor, tell you that I see a set of conditions that will allow that to occur. So that's what's leading us to say, with this double quarter down, double digits, significant, cumulative, we think we have driven the margin of Display down. I will point out, it remains extraordinarily profitable, it's still our most profitable business, but that's why we're calling it a reset. I'd love to have a situation outlined that occurred that we get to a few quarters of no price declines. If that happens, then I can reverse my comment.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just the last part of that was, would you consider just offsetting some of that with lower OpEx investment in the business given that the growth in margin profile there has changed?
James B. Flaws: Yes. In the Display business itself, you will see actions taken to reduce the OpEx.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the op margin impact you would think would be more muted, but still some relative to the gross margin impact?
James B. Flaws: I'll just comment Simona that the operating expense of this business is pretty tiny to start with, so the moves that we can make in OpEx here are not going to overcome the gross margin declines from pricing.
Operator: Our next question is from Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Couple things. From your study that you did with McKinsey, did they give a sense as to, as you go forward, how low inventories can sustainably get? I'm sure they looked at other industries and saw kind of where they went to. Could we be looking at, eventually down the line, a 10-, 11-, 12-week cycle or do you think it stays somewhere around 13, 14. And then in negotiations with this major customer out of SCP, what are the points of negotiation? What can you actually work with them aside from price or is it really just hitting a price point and that's it? I understand there's still a premium to be had for the level of quality of glass that you have versus your competitors. But what else can you provide to them besides price? I'm just wondering kind of -- or is it a matter of who just decides to finally give in? And then the commentary on the significant price declines over the next 2 quarters or actually over Q4 and Q1? Can you give us a sense as to the significant double-digit decline? Can you bracket that, is that 15% to 20%? 10% to 15%? 13% to 18%? Something that we can just make sure we're all sort of on the same page.
James B. Flaws: So I'll go in reverse order, I'm not going to be more specific on the numbers. Cumulatively, it's a significant double-digit decline and we're not giving out a more specific number. Relative to the customer in Korea, the thing we can always offer is that we believe that we are an extraordinarily reliable supplier. We believe our glass actually runs the best in their process. And those are the things that we would think that would lead them to want us to have at some share level. From their perspective, obviously price is probably the preeminent one. So beyond that, we hope to reach agreement with them and have them as a customer. And your first question was?
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Inventory, how low can it go?
James B. Flaws: What McKinsey said was over -- they can't forecast in perpetuity here. But they did say, they believed over the next 4 years that we could see, going down 1/2 week per year, obviously, with the potential always that the economy is much different, that could change. So if you think over 4 years, that knocks another 2 weeks off.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's helpful. I noticed you didn't mention the $10 billion revenue target that you have in the past. You also mentioned the CapEx and you said that was the same. But I'm wondering if that $10 billion revenue target is still out there for you? And then finally you mentioned that there is an imbalance right now with too much glass out there. We know you're taking capacity out of the market, Asahi is taking a similar amount of capacity out of the market, that leaves only one player that doesn't seem to be doing that. If that one player doesn't actively take glass out of the market, do you think you can still get to a supply balance or will they constantly be acting as a spoiler?
James B. Flaws: I'll have to let you talk to that competitor and see what their plans are in terms of running capacity or not building capacity. I'm just not going to comment on them. On the $10 billion, yes, I think the $10 billion is still possible. Obviously, Display will not be as strong as it was before. The flip side, Telecom is actually stronger than we originally expected and Environmental is stronger than we expected. So I still think it's possible. We'll probably talk some more about that next week. The mix will probably be different. But we certainly haven't given up on the goal. We do need some help. I think everybody forgot one of the assumptions we said on getting on our way to $10 billion is we can't have global a economic malaise. And so if Europe goes into recession, then I get more worried.
Kenneth Sofio: John, it's Ken. I want to recognize that we're past the market open and in respect of folks' time, we'll take one more call. But for those that are in the queue, Ann and I, we'll be in our offices right after the call, we can help answer your questions. But John, we'll take one more caller.
Operator: And that will be from with Ajit Pai with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. I think the first one is just to the same point on the pricing side. You talked about, in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, working with your customers in trying to help them to get to better profitability. But could you give us some indication as to the competitive dynamics? And is some of the price reduction being driven by what your competitors are doing, or is it primarily customer-driven? And then the second question is, you've talked about M&A and also bolstering your businesses outside of Display and potentially even Display. But could you give us some color as to whether in 2012 you can expect greater activity there? I think you have highlighted Life Sciences and Telecom as the 2 focus areas, whether that's still the case or it's broader than that?
James B. Flaws: So in terms of M&A, you should expect greater activity in 2012 than 2011. The primary segments that we're looking on remain Life Sciences and Telecom. But we definitely are moving to be more active. We're going to see more free cash flow and we think we can put it to work appropriately in M&A. In terms of the pricing dynamic, be sure, competitive price dynamics play into this also. Obviously, that's driven a lot of what happened in Korea in Q3 and Q4. So I don't mean to imply that it's just us being nice guys with our customers, clearly the competition has something to do with this too. But I think we clearly went to our customers, acting to help them in this situation. In Korea, obviously, we are feeling the competitive pressure. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Jim, any closing comments?
James B. Flaws: Yes. Just a couple. I think that I want to emphasize again, overall, the strength of Corning this past year. We had a very great year. I've mentioned the records in sales, gross margin and operating margin, eighth year in a row of free cash flow, raised the dividend and share repurchase. And the great performance in our business is outside Display. I think that right now the conversation is obviously dominated by pricing in Display. We recognize this reset has occurred. But we definitely intend to get the company at a new level of profitability and then Wendell and I are committed to get the company to grow off of that level. And so we think that's going to happen. And just one more reminder. Obviously, we'd love to see you in New York City. I promise you a very exciting event. Wendell is going to do some very creative work, and so we'd like to see you in person. And also, we, of course, will be presenting in February at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 14. And on February 28 at the Morgan Stanley Technology and Media Conference. So hope to see you there, if not in New York. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. It's going to run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, February 8. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 233477. Audiocast obviously is available on the website during this time. And John, that concludes our call this morning. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Finance Committee and Member of Executive Committee Kenneth Sofio - 
Analysts: Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter 3 2011 Results. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kenneth Sofio: Good morning. Welcome to Corning's third quarter call. This morning, Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, will have some prepared remarks before we move to the Q&A. These remarks do contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim?
James B. Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Hopefully, you had a chance to read the press release we issued this morning on our third quarter results. If you haven't, a copy can be found on our Investor Relations website. We had a good quarter, with sales approaching $2.1 billion, which is up 30% year-over-year, and with EPS, excluding special items, at $0.48. In summary, Telecom, Environmental, Specialty Materials and Life Sciences all had significant year-over-year growth. Glass line in our wholly owned business -- Display business did better than our realized expectations from early September. SCP volumes did not decline as much as we anticipated but were still down significantly sequentially. Our quarter 3 results did benefit from the strengthening of the yen. I'll come back to the quarter in a minute, but I'd like to highlight our key messages this morning. First, third quarter glass volume at our wholly owned business was up sequentially in the mid-single digits but down more than 20% at SCP. We did regain share at our wholly owned business in Q3, but SCP lost some share. Second, price declines in Q3 were in line with our expectations. Third, retail demand for LCD televisions remained strong throughout September. The data we have so far for October in the U.S. also shows good demand. Despite the continued strong retail environment, panel makers ran at much lower utilization rates during the third quarter, especially in Korea. Strong retail demand in Q3, coupled with lower production rates, led to a significant contraction in supply chain inventory during the quarter. We believe supply chain inventories exited the quarter around 14 weeks. Looking ahead, we expect Korean panel maker utilization rates on average to be higher in Q4 than Q3. Utilization rates outside of Korea in Q4 will be comparable to Q3 but will vary by panel maker. Volume at our wholly owned business in Q4 will be flat to down slightly compared to the better-than-expected volume levels in Q3. Volume at SCP is expected to be up at least 20%, due primarily to our regaining share and higher utilization rates at panel makers. We expect pricing pressure to be more significant in Q4 than in previous quarters. As we told you before, our glass typically enjoys a price premium in the market. Pricing varies by customer depending on factors such as amount of glass they purchase from us, but by and large, our glass sells at a premium worldwide. Over time, if that price premium becomes too high at a particular customer, we will feel more pressure to reduce price to narrow the gap, pressure to become even greater when there's excess glass capacity available, which is the case now. As a result, we will likely lower pricing to a greater degree than we have in previous quarters in order we may keep our premium at an acceptable level and maintain our market position. At Dow Corning, we're seeing significant price declines in silicones. In polysilicon, spot pricing is declining and will now affect Hemlock's spot sales. Dow Corning's equity earnings could be down as much as 40% sequentially. We expect to see normal seasonal fourth quarter declines in other businesses such as Telecom, Environmental and Life Sciences. In Specialty Materials, sales will be lower sequentially, reflecting lower parts demands for tablets, as well as a potential start of a cyclical downturn in the semiconductor industry. Lastly, we are very pleased to announce we've reached an agreement with Samsung to increase the cash dividend from SCP effective in 2012. Now turning to our third quarter results, Q3 sales were $2.1 billion, an increase of 3% over Q2 and 30% over last year. All of our segments posted solid double-digit percentage growth over last year. Earnings per share, excluding special items, were $0.48 in Q3 and consistent with Q2. Our Q3 EPS benefited from the reversal of compensation accruals in the quarter, which was probably $0.025. The strength in the yen also benefited our results by almost another $0.02. The third quarter gross margin, in terms of dollars, was an all-time record for Corning at $978 million. Gross margin percentage increased, as we had expected, from 44.3% in Q2 to 47.1% in Q3. The growth was primarily driven by strong operating performance in Display and Specialty Materials. Q3 gross margin included about $16 million in onetime benefits, including the adjusted compensation accruals. As a reminder, Q2 had included $8 million in project spending that did not repeat in Q3. So excluding these onetime items, gross margin increased about 2 percentage points in the quarter. SG&A was $216 million compared to $284 million in Q2. This significant decrease was primarily due to lower compensation accruals, as well as a $22 million post-transaction credit. We treated this credit as a special item. RD&E declined $166 million or 8% of sales and was also impacted by the lower compensation accruals. Equity earnings were $324 million, a decrease of 24% from Q2, driven by lower volumes at SCP and softer silicone demand at Dow Corning. Other income was $27 million in Q3 versus $43 million in Q2. Decrease is primarily due to lower royalty income, which is, of course, a direct result of lower sales at SCP. NPAT, excluding special items, was $766 million and up slightly versus the second quarter. Including special items, NPAT was $811 million and EPS, $0.51. The special items included a foreign tax credit of $26 million and a post-transaction accounting adjustment. Both net profit after tax and earnings per share, excluding special items, are non-GAAP measures, and you can find the reconciliation to GAAP on our website. Now I'd like to turn to the segment results, and I'll start with Display. Sales were $815 million, an increase of 7% over Q2 and stronger than we expected. Volume was up in the mid-single-digit range, and price declines were in line with our expectations. Q3 results also benefited from the stronger yen. Display gross margins were higher in Q3 versus Q2, a reflection of the higher volume. SCP volume was down more than 20% sequentially, and price declines were in line with our expectations. While the Korean panel makers did run at lower utilization rates on average in Q3 versus Q2, SCP also lost some share in the quarter. We expect to regain this share in Q4. For your modeling purposes, SCP's third quarter LCD sales were about $850 million, a decline of 23% or $250 million from the second quarter. Our gross margins also fell significantly, driven by the lower volumes. Now as a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings will report their total sales, which include CRT glass in Other Products. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD business were $222 million, down 30% from Q2. The lower earnings reflect a significant decline in volume and lower gross margin. All in all, our total glass volume, including SCP, was down about 10% for the quarter. This is in comparison to a worldwide glass market that also declined 10%. Now this may be a good time to educate some of our newer analysts and investors to the Display industry, specifically on differences between glass shipments, panel maker utilization rates and panel shipments. Historically, there's been a high correlation between glass shipments and panel maker utilization rates. This makes sense intuitively because the higher production rate, the more components, like glass, are being used. However, there is little correlation between glass shipments and panel shipments. Most of our analysts know this, but it's worth a refresher. On this slide, you can see the sequential change in worldwide glass shipments to panel makers and then panel shipments to set assemblers by quarter for the last 3 years.  Note that in 6 out of the last 15 quarters, one increased while the other declined. This is mainly due to fluctuations in panel inventory. The takeaway here is investors need to be cautious and not always assume glass shipments and panel shipments will move in the same direction every quarter. Now as we told investors throughout September, panel inventories would likely decline during the quarter as panel makers would run at lower utilization rates, but demand for panels would continue. In Q3, panel shipments in total were up about 4%, while worldwide glass shipments were down about 10%. Again, the difference is panel inventories. To parse it even further, panel shipments outside of Korea were flat sequentially, while industry glass shipments outside of Korea were down 5%. However, our glass shipments were up in the mid-single digits, indicating we regained share during the quarter. Now turning to Korea, panel shipments were up 7% sequentially in Q3, while the industry's glass shipments in Korea were down 15%. SCP shipments were down more than 20%, so we did lose some share in Korea. But based on how much total glass shipments declined in Korea, it is not as much as some reports indicated. At the retail level, we believe shipments from retail to consumers increased 19% year-over-year in the third quarter, reflecting continued strong demand. As a result of the lower glass shipments into the supply chain and the higher shipments of product out of the supply chain, weeks of inventory contracted significantly during the third quarter. We believe the supply chain contracted by about 3 weeks, from 17 weeks at the beginning of Q3 to 14 weeks exiting the quarter. Inventories in square feet are at a level we have not seen since early 2009. Now turning to retail, we have complete worldwide data for August and some data by region for September. As a reminder, our retail data always lags. It takes between 4 and 6 weeks for our vendors to accumulate and analyze the data. As you can see on this slide, worldwide sales of LCD televisions were very robust in Q3. Unit sales were up 37% in July and 11% in August. The lower August number reflects the completion of the digital conversion in Japan, which occurred at the end of July. For the first 8 months of the year, LCD TV unit sales are up 20% year-over-year in comparison to our full year forecast of 13%. We do have some September data as well, and the U.S. television demand were up 13%, which is actually the strongest growth rate we've seen all year, following growth rates of 10% in July and August. And for the first 2 weeks of October, sales in the U.S. are up 13%. In Japan, sales were down 51% in September, which is in line with our expectations. As a reminder, LCD televisions sales shot through the roof in the third and fourth quarter last year as the Echo point program was ended. So comparisons will continue to get tougher. Last September, the growth rate in Japan was 80%. It was 221% in October. In November, it was 435%. I'd like to point out at the bottom of this slide are the unit growth rates year-over-year without Japan. We believe that if you peel away the wide fluctuations driven by the ending of the Echo point program last year and the digital conversion this year, you get to a cleaner picture of how growth rates have been this year. As you can see, actual growth rates are much smoother month to month. We also look at growth rates on an area basis versus the unit basis. It's actually a more meaningful metric to us since we sell glass by the square foot. On this chart, you'll see the growth rates by quarter including and excluding Japan. The call from the previous slide, we expect LCD TV units to grow 13% this year. However, the fastest-growing category televisions has been 40 inches and larger, and this is happening in developing regions, too. As a result, area growth is larger. So all in all, LCD TV demand at retail continues to look good. And I hope you all saw our product announcement yesterday. Lotus Glass is the new environmentally friendly, high-performance display glass developed to enable cutting-edge technologies, including OLED and next-generation LCD displays. The thermal consistency of Lotus Glass allows it to retain shape and surface quality during high-temperature processing, so it helps guard against thermal sag and warp which improves the integration of components onto the glass. Lotus is already in production in our factories. In Telecommunications, demand continued to be robust in Q3. Sales were $560 million, up 2% versus Q2 and 21% versus last year. Growth was in line with our expectations.  Enterprise Networks and Fiber-to-the-Home demand continues to be strong both sequentially and year-over-year. Enterprise Networks sales were up 10% over last year, while Fiber-to-the-Home was up over 30%. Optical fiber demand was also very robust, up over 20% versus last year, driven primarily by North America, Europe and China. Net income, excluding that onetime post-transaction accounting adjustment of $22 million, was $60 million in Q3, an increase of 30% sequentially and 46% year-over-year. In Environmental, third quarter sales were $247 million and slightly lower than Q2. Versus last year, sales were up 19%. Sales were slightly lower sequentially than our expectations due to lower market demand for light-duty filters. Net income was $32 million in the third quarter, flat with Q2 but up significantly over last year. In Specialty Material, Q3 sales were $299 million, an increase of 6% over Q2 and up almost 90% versus a year ago. We again saw a significant gross margin expansion in this segment led by Gorilla Glass. Segment net income grew significantly from $23 million to $38 million. Gorilla Glass sales were $210 million in Q3, an increase of 11% over the second quarter. In Life Sciences, sales in the third quarter were $153 million and basically flat with Q2. Versus last year, sales were up about 22%. About half of that year-over-year growth is due to acquisitions. Now turning to Dow Corning, Q3 sales were about $1.7 billion and were flat with Q2, with stronger poly sales but were offset by weaker silicone demand. Earnings were impacted by higher raw materials cost and also benefited there from lower compensation accruals in the quarter. Equity earnings for us were $89 million in Q3 versus $95 million in Q2. I'll have some more details on Dow Corning and the outlook in a moment. Now looking at the balance sheet. We ended Q3 with about $6.4 billion in cash and short-term investments versus our current and long-term debt of just $2.3 billion. Free cash flow was positive $269 million in Q3. The largest outflow in the cash during -- of cash during the quarter was capital spending, about $640 million. CapEx will come in at, of course, slightly lower than our $2.4 billion estimate for this year. And looking ahead to 2012, we now anticipate our capital spending will be closer to $1.8 billion versus our previous estimate of $1.9 billion to $2 billion. As you know, we've been working for some time with Samsung to move towards a larger cash dividend on a more consistent basis from SCP. As I mentioned in the past, we prefer increasing the percentage of annual dividend payout versus having to negotiate a special dividend. We are delighted to report today we've reached an agreement to increase the payout from 40% to 70% effective in 2012. This represents a significant increase in annual dividends from Samsung. Now onto our outlook. In Display, we expect our total glass volume, which includes our wholly owned business and SCP, to be up more than 10% sequentially. At our wholly owned business, we expect volumes to be flat to down slightly. Our panel maker utilizations are expected to be slightly higher on average in Taiwan. They are estimated to be lower in Japan. The SCP volumes are forecasted to be up at least 20% due primarily to the company regaining share and higher utilization rates of panel makers. We expect gross margin to rebound close to Q2 levels on the higher volume. We expect the overall glass market to be up about 10% sequentially.  Now as I mentioned in the opening, we expect pricing pressure to be more significant in Q4 than in previous quarters. We will likely lower pricing to a greater degree than we have in previous quarters in order to keep our price premium at an acceptable level, allowing us to maintain our market position. Pressure to lower prices has become greater during the availability of excess glass in the market. Remember, as a glassmaker, we have several levers to adjust that output. These levers include slowing new capacity, accelerating tank repair schedules and delaying the relight of tanks that are coming out of repair. Corning and SCP expect to implement these levers as required to align supply with demand and minimize any inventory build. We expect supply chain inventories to fall again during the quarter, assuming the pace of retail continues and that we've estimated panel maker utilization rates correctly. Based on our models, we expect weeks of inventory to fall below 14 exiting Q4. In our Telecom segment, we expect fourth quarter sales to be down 10% to 15% sequentially. This reflects normal seasonality and project timing. Compared to last year, Q4 sales will be about 10% higher, and for the full year, Telecom sales will be well north of $2 billion or about 20% higher than 2010. We expect sales in our Environmental segment to be down 5% to 10% and Life Sciences to be slightly lower sequentially, reflecting the normal seasonal declines in these areas. In Specialty Materials, sales are expected to decline 15% sequentially across all product lines, and this does include Gorilla. We don't have a lot of history on the seasonality in Gorilla yet. And also, we do know our customers are now improving their yields with glass, obviously very alert to potential impact to the economy on consumer spending for purchases of smartphones and tablets. Gorilla right now is one of our toughest businesses to forecast because we have no reliable reporting information on inventory. Moving to the income statement. We expect our Q4 corporate gross margin to decline approximately 3% due primarily to higher price declines in Display, lower Gorilla Glass volume, as well as the non-repeat of the $16 million in onetime benefits in Q3, which, as a reminder, was mostly compensation accrual reversals. SG&A is expected to be about 15% on a lower sales basis, RD&E around 9% of sales. We expect equity earnings to be down 5% sequentially. Higher equity earnings at SCP will be offset by lower earnings at Dow Corning. We anticipate Dow Corning sales to be flat sequentially but gross margin earnings to be much lower. There's been softer demand in the worldwide silicone market, placing further pressure on pricing. Earnings will also be impacted by the non-repeat of lower compensation accruals. These are the primary reasons why we expect Dow Corning's equity earnings to be 40% lower sequentially. Dow Corning is also feeling the effects of the turmoil in the solar industry. The reduction of solar incentives and the increasing inventories across the value chain have led to a softening in demand for solar materials, including poly. We also already know of one customer has announced they'll be exiting the solar module market, and there could be others. This softer market, combined with ample poly supply, has led to significant price declines in the poly spot market, which is likely to increase pricing pressure on Hemlock's long-term supply agreements. Now as a reminder, it's important to remember that Dow Corning only owns 63% of Hemlock, and we own 50% of Dow Corning, so the relative impact to Corning's consolidated results is somewhat muted. However, we'll continue to monitor the solar situation and provide updates as needed. Lastly, in other equity earnings, there will be a $12 million charge related to idling of manufacturing assets associated with Specialty Materials. Moving to taxes, we expect our Q4 and our overall 2011 tax rate to be around 15%. Investors should note that movements in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate influenced our results. For your modeling purposes, for every 1 point move in the yen, our sales and net income move by about $9 million. The net income impact includes SCP, where a stronger yen would also improve their results. Now before we move to Q&A, I'd like to share some top level thoughts about the Display industry and glass market. You'll recall we entered 2011 forecasting the glass market to be approximately 3.7 billion square feet. In the end, it's likely to finish around 3.2 billion. About a half of this 500 million square foot disconnect was the result of weaker-than-expected PC and television demand. The other half is due to the contraction of the supply chain in the second half. In fact, this is the first time we have seen retail demand in square foot exceed glass demand for us in a given year. What's important to note here is despite a weaker retail environment, retail demand will still be up 13% year-over-year this year. This gives us confidence when supply chain correction ends, we'll see glass market growth again. Looking ahead to 2012, we expect retail demand to grow, potentially in the double digit range again, and assuming the supply chain continues to run at these historically low inventory levels and does not contract further, and glass demand would be consistent with retail demand. And of course, we could see an even more robust glass market if the supply chain were to increase inventory levels, perhaps to 15 weeks. The bottom line here is the supply chain will enter 2012 with inventory levels close to historic lows, and if retail continues to hold up, then 2012 glass demand will be stronger. That completes my formal comments this morning. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Great. Thank you, Jim. Robert, we're ready to take some questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Amir Rozwadowski from Barclays Capital.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, just as your closing comments, you spend a lot of time talking about sort of the retail demand on the end market versus sort of glass shipments. I mean, obviously, we're at historic lows here based on your estimate, and we started to see some of the Korean folks indicated that they're picking up utilization rate. When do you think that that transition could take place? I mean, are you seeing signs, any emerging signs that that transition can take place with glass shipments could more closely mirror retail demand here, or are you still cautious about that in terms of visibility? Because we are obviously becoming closer to the holiday season here, and it feels like at some point, there has to be a decision made in terms of utilization and increase in inventory in order to meet that demand.
James B. Flaws: Well, we have seen an increase in utilization in Korea already. So that's where the biggest reduction was in Q3, and we think that they've now increased and obviously have the capability of getting televisions to retail around the world for the holiday season. And as a reminder, in the U.S., television demand remains strong in January and February, driven, in some cases, by things like the Super Bowl. So we believe we are starting to see that. I can't say for sure that people won't drive inventory lower, but it definitely feels like there has been a response upward now after these cutbacks in Q3.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you feel from a channel inventory perspective that this is sort of the new level at which folks are going to be operating so that, perhaps a pickup in demand wouldn't necessarily result in increase in weeks of inventory, or do you feel like there has to be some level of snapback at some point to prior levels?
James B. Flaws: That's a great question, Amir. We've actually commissioned a project to determine, as this industry moves into maturity, whether, in fact, it can run without creating out-of-stocks at a lower level of inventory. There are some reason to think that in developed markets. On the other hand, we know the supply chain is actually longer to the less developed areas of the world where, of course, LCDs are now showing up in significant proportion. So we'll have a more definitive answer in quarter 1. I think our expectation is it's unlikely that we'll ever leap back up to the 17-week kind of level. We're hopeful that we can stay in the 13- to 14-week level. If we just stabilize there, then we could see this retail demand flow through to us as glassmakers, and that'd be great.
Amir Rozwadowski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Fantastic. And then lastly, if I may, I know there was some comments in your prepared remarks around the Specialty Material growth and sort of lack of visibility in terms of forward growth outlook. I was wondering, obviously, our checks have been suggesting that tablet growth remains strong, smartphone growth remains fairly strong in this environment. How should we think about sort of the growth dynamics of that business? Do you expect that to be sort of dependent on specific product launches of your customers, or how should we think about sort of normalized growth levels there?
James B. Flaws: It's very hard for us to give you a percentage in growth. We do expect significant growth next year. We continue to have a smartphone area. More people are putting Gorilla on phones. We're not experiencing competition as we go to get on a new phone. It happens. People don't change glass on a phone mid-model. They do it when there's a new model. So for the year next year, we're expecting growth in volume terms. It's a little harder for us to predict quarter by quarter because we have no reliable inventory information in this business. And also because it's such a new business, our customers actually have manufacturing losses as they finish the glass to put it into phones or tablets, and we think they've been improving their yields, and that is having some impact on our demand right now. Our last comment would be that one of the other things that we have is we do have a mixture of selling glass as well as selling finished parts. We don't sell finished parts to that many people. We do to some, and that's an area where in the fourth quarter, we're seeing lower part demand, and that's really customer-specific.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, there's some notion that retail demand may be backwards or present-looking, while panel makers intentions are forward-looking. If the macro environment that we're in persists, can we get to a scenario where glass volumes can contract as they did in 2008, or is that magnitude highly unlikely? I'm just trying to think of the scenarios that you might be planning for internally. And then just on the price cuts, is this just a one-quarter phenomenon? How do we think about prices going forward? Does the rate of decline return in the first quarter, or do customers -- do they become trained on potentially more price cuts?
James B. Flaws: Well, I'll take the latter one first, on price cuts. You know, over the last 5 years, we've had several periods where price declines were stronger in a given quarter, and then they return to be at a lower level. That's obviously our hope. I can't guarantee that, but I can demonstrate to you that there have been -- this is the fourth time, but there have been 3 times before that over the last 5 years where there was a period of time when panel utilization was down, there was obviously excess glass demand that led to bigger price declines. We obviously don't want to give up our market position, and then after that, the price declines went to the more moderate level. I can't guarantee that, but that's really what has happened in the past. Relative to the economy, I'm actually not an economist, but clearly, what the high percentage growth you've seen in television so far this year, as you can see, we're not expecting that to be, when you get to the holiday season, it will have the same percentages. But we do expect them to be up. We have historically seen, by and large, consumers continue to spend money in consumer electronics in tough times. In fact, last year in U.S., an example, in television, demand was weak. We're not sure that it was really the economy so much as the industry got it wrong and trying to force a lot of high-priced product on them. So we've seen historically that consumer electronics has been a good demand even in tough times, and so we're not counting on that. We do think television manufacturers will continue to fine-tune their offerings, perhaps to be more on the lower end, but as a reminder from us, from a glass point of view, we're happy to sell the same amount of glass in a low-end 40-inch television as a high-end 40-inch television. In terms of smartphones and tablets, we think they're likely to remain a viable purchase. In tough times, people back away from cars. They back away from homes. They back away from going out to dinner. They do go to movies. So we're not sure. But maybe the panel makers are right. Maybe they're seeing something that we're not, but I think that we -- we think most of the reduction has been around inventory, and when you don't make much money, you don't want to take much inventory risk.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then maybe just on Gorilla Glass, as we look at that opportunity, have you had some time to kind of recalibrate the magnitude of that? Is it still kind of an $800 million opportunity? Does it nudge higher, considering the resilience of some of the products? What are your thoughts on just kind of coverage glass for Gorilla applications on TVs? Is that starting to percolate as well? How should we kind of think about that over the longer term?
James B. Flaws: Well, obviously, there's a point of recovery on television's experience this year. First of all, Sony did not put them on as many models as we expected. And second of all, we haven't got any other manufacturer to move ahead on this. That being said, Corning is kind of a stubborn or impatient company. We actually believe frameless designs will become more successful, and we hope that Gorilla will be part of that. We think as television manufacturers figure out a way to make the picture go closer to the edge of the screen, that they in fact will be likely to adapt more of a frameless design. And we think there's technologies that could enable that to happen. So it's been a disappointment. Investors probably shouldn't count on a lot of help from TV cover for Gorilla this year or next, but we're long-term players, and we think it definitely could be an opportunity going forward.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Rod Hall from JPMorgan.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, I guess my main question is regarding the inventory strength out there in the channel, and it doesn't feel like we know exactly what the bottom is. You would think that the manufacturers might be looking to suppliers like you to help buffer some of that, I don't know, the lack of inventory out there to make sure supplies continue to run. I'm just wondering whether you would anticipate having to carry more inventory yourself in order to somehow buffer out that lower inventory on the channel. Is there any other effects on your business that way that we ought to be thinking about?
James B. Flaws: We haven't experienced that yet. We definitely have rebuilt our inventories to be, what we call, normal level. We obviously now have excess glass capacity, and, I mean, we try to limit our own glass capacity closer to end demand. But obviously, we're going to retain some flexibility, so should our customers crank up suddenly, we can try to respond to them. But we, right now, are not planning on carrying excess inventory.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So they're not pushing you to build buffers or anything like that?
James B. Flaws: That's correct.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then I just wanted to follow up, you mentioned the manufacturing assets for Specialty Material that you shut down. Could you give us more color on that? I'm not sure if you said anything in the comments. I didn't catch anything.
James B. Flaws: Well, obviously, Gorilla's not going to hit our original estimate, so we are throttling back manufacturing Gorilla because we're obviously not above $800 million this year. So we had capacity to do that, but we don't have the demand. Obviously, the biggest miss is TV cover, so we are throttling back some of that manufacturing, and that's going to be a drag in Q4.
Rod B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And is that like one tank worth or more? Can you give us any idea of what the order magnitude of the reduction in capacity is?
James B. Flaws: No, I'm sorry. I won't do that for competitive reasons.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, can you help reconcile the commentary around the expectation of glass inventory exiting this year below 14 weeks or well below 2009 levels yet increased pricing pressure, given excess glass supply? So I guess my question is -- is there a certain number of weeks of inventory that we can look to expect the price pressure to revert back to normal declines?
James B. Flaws: I wouldn't relate the pricing pressure at all to the weeks in inventory in supply chain. I just want to remind you what the weeks we're talking about. We're talking about the combination of panel inventory, set assembly inventories and retail inventories as we measure in that total in square foot equivalents against retail demand. So we don't think that really has much impact on pricing. Where it has an impact on pricing is not the absolute level, it's when panel makers are trying to reduce inventory. They're obviously selling more than what they're buying from us. Therefore, that's a period of time when they try to appeal for higher price cuts. And clearly, the glass industry in total have built capacity around the growth this year, as I indicated in my remarks, to get up to potentially service 3.7 billion square feet. Clearly, there's enough glass capacity to do that. So it's when you have a combination of more glass capacity than demand, and that is accentuated when the panel makers are cutting inventory that you get more price pressure.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So the net conclusion being 14 weeks of inventory, but there's a lot more at glass than at other parts of the supply chain?
James B. Flaws: We don't measure the supply chain other than -- when we say the supply chain, we're measuring what is glass embedded in panels out of panel maker, what is glass embedded in finished sets out of set assembly level and what is glass embedded in televisions at a retail level.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, can you give a little more color on what changed in the end of September that caused the volumes of SCP to be down 20% versus the 35% that you expected when you reported last quarter? And did you institute any price cuts within the course of the third quarter? So if you might have mentioned that, I might have missed that.
James B. Flaws: We did not institute any pricing in Q3. Our pricing was as we had expected. It wasn't 35%. It was 30%, I believe, and we were above 20%. So I'll just say that in the end, from what we thought when we got Labor Day, what our customers finally took was a little bit more, but there was no special action on our part to make that happen.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos from UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess the first question, just getting back to the Gorilla outlook for the fourth quarter, the sequential decline, how confident are you that this is not a share loss situation? It just seems to me that it's still young in the business, and since you haven't sold a lot of TV cover glass, that you should be tracking pretty well the growth of smartphone and tablets, which I think people are expecting to be up sequentially in the fourth quarter.
James B. Flaws: Nikos, we're pretty confident it's not competition. We're very hard-pressed to actually find a competitive device that actually has any of our competitors' glass in it, except for one earlier this year, when we couldn't supply everybody. We're not feeling them in terms of when we go into competition with somebody and price pressure, so we're pretty confident against competition. What we have less visibility on is the amount of inventory. People thought how rapidly they're improving their yields, which were quite low initially, and that may be having an impact on us. So we think those things probably are having more impact on us than any competition is. And we're also struggling a little bit with mix from our customers. Some customers have not been as successful as others, and that's had some impact on us against our expectations. So clearly, those customers did build some inventory.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it, okay. And back on the pricing commentary, it seems like your competitors used price specific to Korea in the quarter to capture share, and you're responding. What's your sense of why that doesn't continue into the first quarter next year, given the weak demand outlook? What's the confidence that it doesn't persist beyond the fourth quarter?
James B. Flaws: Well, I won't comment on our competition and what they're doing. I'll just say, as I did in my earlier commentary, we've experienced periods in the past where we've had a combination of where glass demand has been weaker, whether that's from retail, but usually it's from panel makers wanting to cut the amount of inventory they have and glass capacity in the industry being greater than that, and that's often the opportunity where we see more price declines. We then reduce our price premium over our competition, and we've moved back to more normal price declines. As I said earlier, I can't guarantee that's going to happen, but clearly, that's what we want to happen, and that's what's happened in the past. We intend to price to maintain our position. We're not the price leaders, but we intend to price to maintain our position.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question, Jim. From time to time, you give updates on cost reduction that you've achieved in Display. Do you have a sense of what that will be this year for the company?
James B. Flaws: I think it's going to be quite good, but I'm not prepared to give out a number this year. I mean, we'll probably talk about it at our investor meeting in February.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jim Suva from Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you maybe quantify a little bit by what you mean by pricing pressure to be a little bit more significant? I mean, there's ranges out there all the way. Are we talking down 5%, 10%, 15% quarter-over-quarter? It really does move the model quite a bit, and a little bit of commentary on that would be appreciated. And then the follow-up question, Jim, would be: With Chinese New Year now earlier this year and China surpassing North America for sales, thereby underscoring the importance of China, shouldn't kind of calendar Q4 demand for glass and pricing tend to be strongest in Q4? And what are we looking at for seasonality going forward given the importance of China compared to North America? It used to be the most important continent.
James B. Flaws: So I would say in Q4, we would think that the glass demand will be the highest, slightly higher than it was in Q2. And that hasn't always been the case in this industry. Clearly, China is very important. The holidays in China, as you know, are more difficult to gauge because even though some of them fall exactly on the same date every year, sometimes, they move around. But also, what's really happened in China is the promotions around holidays have expanded. So it's made it a little more difficult to say -- well, tell exactly during this period of time. But time definitely, China's becoming more important. It's one of the reasons why we're investing in China, particularly around our supply to BOE. They're starting to ramp the Gen 8.5. And China is an important part of our mix going forward, and we expect it to provide quite a bit of growth. Regarding pricing, I'm sorry. I have to disappoint you. I'm not going to quantify it. But I will just say in quarter 4, it will be up significantly over quarters 1, 2 and 3.
Operator: We'll go to the line of George Notter from Jefferies.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about some of the other kind of nontraditional competitors in the glass market. Are you seeing AvanStrate, are you seeing LG Chem, any signs that those guys are finally going to produce quality glass at some point in the future?
James B. Flaws: Well AvanStrate has always produced quality glass. They just have not been that large a player in terms of capacity nor that much of an upsetter to the industry in terms of significant price moves or asset additions. But basically, they have been -- they can make glass for all generations, including Gen 8. LG Chem, we haven't experienced at all. We know they've started melting glass in, I think, May or June, and we have not felt them at all. We know that they have made a few pieces that they provided to panel makers. We'd love to get a piece to test, but we don't believe they're making quantities of good glass at all.
George C. Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Do you anticipate that those guys can come into the market at some point in the future and be successful competitors, or is that still a view that says the barriers to entry in the space are really significant? For example, I think in times past, you guys has been pretty downbeat about the idea that they could be a real competitor longer term. Is that still the case?
James B. Flaws: Well, we would say that the challenge is pretty great for them. They're using the float technology, which only one of our competitors uses. We're well down the cost curve, and they're just getting in for the first time. And the product requirements keep getting higher, for example, going to thin. The glass keeps getting thinner. And so it's not -- they made this decision to get into the business 3 years ago, so the product line has changed. And our customers' requirements continue to ramp up also. For example, the recent announcement of Lotus for OLEDs. Clearly, our customers want a higher temperature-capable glass, so we'd say the barriers remain very steep, and we'll see if they can mount them, but it's not our chief worry in life.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jim, can you just also update us on your latest cell phones [indiscernible] specifically, especially now that you have come out with a product with that technology. Certainly, it seems like Samsung is getting more optimistic on the ramp there, and it's our understanding that OLED TVs will use one less piece of glass longer term. So how do you view the penetration of that technology and its potential negative impact on your opportunity?
James B. Flaws: We're delighted with our Lotus introduction. We have a glass that Samsung is qualified to use in their small generation OLEDs. They remain effectively the world's only volume producer of OLEDs. We are at work at providing a glass for OLED production in larger formats. We are looking to improve our glass for use in TFT oxide production capability. We have a customer who wants to use Eagle XG for that, and we're working to improve the thermal characteristics of that. So as always, we've heard it said before, we're fundamentally arms merchants, and we will make a glass that will meet our customers' needs. If, in fact, someone's going to go to only one piece of glass, we'll have to deal with that. We don't expect that to be the case. We have some information that some of our large OLED televisions that are being shown this week in Asia, again, they're still using 2 pieces of glass. And so I think this remains a hope for some people that they can go to one piece of glass. It's not clear to us that they'll get the performance nor the cost because the cost of glass continues to go down at a very rapid rate. So we're alert to it, but I think our Lotus development is exactly what we expect to continue to do, and so as people try to move to Gen 8 OLEDs, we'll have a product for them. And we think in the end, we'll be able to prove that glasses can be the second piece in the product, but we obviously got to make that happen, and that's what we're working on.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just another follow-up on the pricing dynamics. In the past, when you've those couple of examples or instances when you had to take corrective action in pricing, it looks pretty short-lived. And this time, though, it seems like we've had negative profit margins for the panel makers for more than 3 quarters now, and it looks like it's going to last well into next year. And then if you add into that mix the OLED transition and then the move to thin glass. Wouldn't you kind of paint a picture that maybe structurally, we're entering a period of greater pace of glass type decline?
James B. Flaws: Well, I think that's speculation. I mean, we know what history was, and we know that we will be assertive about maintaining our market position, but I'm not going to speculate on the quarters going forward. I think our job is to deliver a product to our customers that helps them by being better, improving their processes. We will be price-competitive, but I can't -- I'm not going to make speculation about where the industry is going, going forward.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Ajit Pai from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. The first is on your Telecom business. It was probably the strongest quarter in terms of revenue and profitability delivered, I think, in almost 10 years, I think since '01. So just looking at that, I know you've guided to normal seasonality for the December quarter, but can we expect those metrics over the next couple of years to continue to improve, or do you think that's some kind of peak? And also, yes, so first that, and then I'll ask the others.
James B. Flaws: Well, we think Telecom is in a very good position. Obviously, you know it remains it's a capital spending decision by our customers, so they always can change. But we think our innovation has really paid off, and we're quite confident about the Fiber-to-the-Home projects. Our technology in Enterprise has been a winner. And clearly, the world needs more fiber, and a lot of that is driven by -- data usage is up, wireless is up and the very strong demand for fiber. So I won't say that it will improve, but our own plans show good growth for Telecom over the next few years.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is it safe to assume that the margins from this sort of operating margins of 20% plus can continue for that business?
James B. Flaws: Yes, I believe that our operating margin in this business will be strong. The products that are -- have seen the most demand are higher-margin mix. So I think our operating margins in Telecom will remain strong.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And there aren't any capacity constraints for Corning right now in that business to continue to grow?
James B. Flaws: There definitely are capacity constraints, and we are spending some capital in Telecom for the first time in, basically, 10 years.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then the second question is just looking at what's happening in the photovoltaic or the solar markets, and you've given us some commentary on Dow Corning or Hemlock seeing some weakness there. Have you re-prioritized your investments in glass for the overall photovoltaic opportunity on the TFT side?
James B. Flaws: No, we're completing the tank that we designed specifically for this. We still remain hopeful that we will have a customer committed to it. We think the overall developments in the solar industry actually put more reason why someone should turn to using thin film, using a glass that raises their efficiency. And we continue to believe our glass will do that. We've had some exciting new developments in terms of the progress we're making on making -- on proving our glass is good for our customers and their efficiency, and so we're continuing to move ahead with it. We might be wrong, but we're continuing to move ahead, and I think we still remain hopeful for next year.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then the last question is just looking at the stepped-up dividend from Samsung Corning and uses of cash. The M&A environment, you talked about focusing a little bit more on M&A over the past couple of years. Could you give us some color as to whether that focus has changed? Are you still looking at potentially bolstering your other businesses outside of Display? I think you talked about Telecom and Life Sciences as potential areas. Has there been any change in that or greater interest in that?
James B. Flaws: I'd say there's greater interest in us using some of our excess cash flow to supplement our growth in Telecom and Life Sciences, and we're trying to do that. We obviously want to spend the money wisely, but we definitely have that as a higher priority.
Kenneth Sofio: This is Ken. I'm going to interject, but we're approaching 9:30. I want to be respectful of folks who are going to jump off when the market opens. So we're going to take one more call. I know there's quite a few people who are still in the queue, but if your question did not get answered, please call Ann and I after the call. But Robert, we'll take one last call.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ehud Gelblum from Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, on the lower CapEx guidance, can we interpret that to mean that you're converting less tanks to Gorilla, so you have to replace them? Is that the reason for that?
James B. Flaws: It's in our glass industry that we are spending less capital.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, appreciate that. On the Gorilla side, there's been a lot of talk here about strong end user demand for iPads and such for Gorilla in Q4, which is out of concert with what you're talking about for your Gorilla shipments. But is there any lead time involved? So for instance, did you ship a lot of Gorilla, perhaps, in Q3 that will go into that strong Q4? And perhaps, are we looking at maybe your Q4 Gorilla shipments are more to supply the end demand in Q1, or the lead time is only a couple of weeks, so we should assume that retail demand in a particular quarter is equal to your Gorilla demand?
James B. Flaws: We don't have a good metric on exactly how long the supply chain is yet for Gorilla, so it's hard for me to judge. I will say that we believe we shipped a little bit more in September as a result of the Chinese holiday and, therefore, the shutdown of production. So that may be part of it. But we just don't have a good model yet like we do in Display about exactly how much inventory yields with our customers and how much inventory they're carrying.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Appreciate that. On the glass side, I appreciate your not wanting to talk about your own pricing actions in Q4. Is there a sense that you can give us as to what your competitors did with pricing in Q3?
James B. Flaws: No, I think you'll have to ask them.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. A question on the Telecom side. There have been comments from other companies further, further down the supply chain in the equipment vendor side. Claim is that there have been fiber shortages in various parts of the world in the Telecom side. Are you seeing demand for fiber outstripping yours and others' supply? Does that jive with what you're seeing that that could actually be expanding lead times on Telecom fiber?
James B. Flaws: So fiber has definitely been tight for most of this year, so that's definitely the case in terms of lead times expanding. We do not believe it goes to double ordering, though.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And finally, on the thin glass, we've seen some reports out of panel makers recently talking about there being a big move towards thin glass over the next couple of years much faster than I was expecting, so that possibly in 2013 or so, we could see a vast majority of TVs from certain manufacturers certainly moving over to thin glass. How quickly do you think -- are you seeing that, first of all? And how quickly do you think we're going to get to 50%, 60%, 70% of the glass shipments in the TVs being thin glass? Because from what I saw, it looked a little bit faster than I've been expecting. And when that happens, and your competitors actually will fully get there as well, how do you measure or balance the pluses of having better gross margins out of your tanks from producing thin glass versus there being additional supply of glass, therefore, in the market than there was today, maybe 40% or some more, and how that impacts pricing? How do you balance those 2 forces?
James B. Flaws: So what we'd say is that, first of all, we continue to see good acceptance of thin by our customers. As a reminder, our customers have to change their process a little to take thin glass, so it's not as easy as when we just make a composition change. But we're continuing to see that move ahead. It is in our plans and I think in most of the industry plans, that over the next 4 year period of time, the thin moves up well over half of the glass being taken. I think all the glassmaking industry has taken this into account in planning their incremental glass additions. We think the glass industry will be slowing its glass capacity additions quite a bit, and you should expect to see that reflect in our numbers, and that wouldn't surprise me if we saw it in the entire industry. So I think the industry is preparing for this. I don't think the pace is going to come as a surprise to many people.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Terrific. One last question, if I could. On the Hemlock side, the expansion that's either occurring now or shortly will be occurring in Tennessee. Would there be any change to those expansion plans given what seems to be going on in the market?
James B. Flaws: We expect to continue our Tennessee expansion whether how many phases of it. I think it's something that obviously has to be looked at, but clearly, right now, we have a need for the first part of it. Just a couple of closing remarks, if I could. First of all, we will be presenting at 3 conferences this quarter. November 15, we'll be at the UBS Technology Conference in New York. November 29, we'll be at the CS First Boston Technology Conference in Scottsdale. And on December 8, we'll be at the Barclays Technology Conference in San Francisco. And we really hope you can join us at one of these events. We also have a date now for our annual investor meeting in New York City. It will be held on Friday, February 3rd, starting at 8:00 a.m. and will end around noon. If you would like to see more details or register, go to our Investor Relations website. Just a couple of other comments. It's obviously a difficult economic environment, and we're dealing with a significant contraction in Display supply chain in the second half. But I'll remind people, we're on pace to reach $7.9 billion in sales this year, which would be the highest level in Corning's history. And even during these tough times, our Telecom business will top $2 billion, and our diesel business will actually exceed $500 million for the first time ever. Our newest product, Gorilla Glass, is expected to triple in sales, and it already has become our second highest gross margin product. And we think the sales growth this year gives us confidence that we're still on track to reach our goal of $10 billion by 2014. Lastly, we continue to feel very confident about our long-term business prospects and our ability to generate cash on a consistent basis. We recently took action consistent with this long-term outlook. We announced the $1.5 billion stock buyback program and a 50% increase on our quarterly dividend. Increased dividends moves our yield up to approximately 2.5% based on our current stock price. Regarding the share buyback, our decision was based on the opinion that the company's current stock price represented a significant discount to the real value of Corning's businesses. We understand the short-term concerns relative to recent macro events. But our board's recent action reflects our belief that long-term value of our businesses is substantially greater than our current share price. We expect to be active in the market, repurchasing our stock very soon. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. A playback of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time until 5:00 Eastern Time on Wednesday, November 9. To listen, please dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 219706. Audiocast, also available on our website during that time. And Robert, that concludes our call this morning. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. One moment, please.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Sofio -  James Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Finance Committee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Erin Riley - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Corning Incorporated Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Results. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. With that being said, it's my pleasure to turn the conference on to Mr. Ken Sofio, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you. Good morning. This morning, Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and CFO, will have some prepared remarks before we go to the Q&A. Those remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, and these risks are all detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim?
James Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Hopefully, you had a chance to read the press release we issued this morning on our second quarter results. If you haven't, a copy can be found on our Investor Relations website.  We had a very good quarter, with sales at $2 billion, up 17% year-over-year, with EPS of $0.48. The quarter met our expectations. We did slightly better on volume in our wholly-owned display business than we had expected. We were delighted with the broad-based sales growth in all our other segments. This sales performance resulted in very good profitability. I'll come back to the quarter in a minute, but I'd like to switch gears and talk about the macro market outlook changes that we have adopted. I'm going to start by highlighting 2 key forecast changes. First, we are lowering our 2011 LCD glass market forecast to 3.3 billion to 3.4 billion square feet. Our previous range was 3.5 billion to 3.7 billion square feet. The display industry has behaved -- been behaving more cautiously in recent weeks, driven primarily by weaker retail expectations for the second half. We've seen most of the major television brands reduce their sales forecast over the past month. So part of the reason for our lower glass forecast is because the industry appears to be expecting lower retail demand for televisions. The supply chain appears to be preparing for a more muted second half by building less inventory in quarter 2 and by panel makers continuing to run at lower utilization rates or, in some cases, lowering them further. In general, it appears the supply chain is waiting a little longer to build inventory for the seasonal fall of the fourth quarter. There is some good news in this behavior as early inventory builds have led to correction issues in the past. Second, we're now forecasting Gorilla Glass sales this year to be about $800 million. We previously believed that Gorilla had the potential to generate $1 billion of sales in 2011, but that was always predicated on significant demand for TV cover glass. We do not have any specific retail value yet for Sony televisions. But today, there are only been a limited number of TV models with Gorilla Glass available and most of them are on higher price sets. As a result, we're now expecting to sell only about $50 million in TV cover glass this year versus our original expectations of closer to $200 million. The remainder of our Gorilla Glass business, which is for handhelds and IT products continues to grow robustly. We anticipate sales for those -- just those products to be $750 million this year, which would be triple last year's sales. For those investors wondering if it's still our plan to reach $10 billion of sales by 2014, the answer is yes. We just completed our annual long-term planning meetings and our conclusion was the $10 billion sales target is well intact. I also have an update on our 2012 CapEx plans and some exciting news on photovoltaic glass, but I will save them for the outlook section. I'd like to review our second quarter results in more detail. Q2's sales were $2 billion, an increase of 4% over Q1, but more impressively was the 17% increase over the second quarter of last year, which -- with the exception of display, which was down slightly versus last year, each segment sales increased significantly over last year. Our second quarter gross margins, 44.3%, down from the 45.4%, but higher than we had anticipated due to stronger-than-expected display volume. SG&A was $284 million or 14% of sales and in line with expectations, increase in SG&A from the first quarter reflects our annual merit increases, which for most employees, occurred in April. And RD&E was $172 million or about 8.5% of sales. Equity earnings were $428 million, an increase of 8% over the first quarter. Other income was $43 million in Q2 versus $27 million in Q1, the increase is due to the non-repeat of certain expense items from quarter 1. Net profit after tax, excluding special items, was $758 million, up slightly versus the first quarter. Earnings per share, excluding special items, were $0.48 in Q2, up slightly from Q1. Both net profit after tax and earnings per share, excluding special items, are non-GAAP measures. Please see the reconciliation to GAAP on our website. The impact of movements in exchange rates from Q1 to Q2 was not material to our results.  Now let me turn to our segment results for the second quarter, and I'll start with Display. Display sales were $760 million, a decrease of 4% versus Q1. The decrease was less than we expected, reflecting the startup of Sharp's Gen 8 and Sharp's Gen 10 fabs earlier than we had anticipated, as well as higher-than-projected utilization rates at our Taiwanese and Chinese customers. The stronger-than-expected glass demand at our wholly-owned business kept us from building much additional inventory in Q2. As a result, we ended the quarter with healthy glass inventory levels. Glass price declines in the second quarter were moderate again. The benefits of movements in the end was just a slight positive. Display gross margins were lower than Q2 versus Q1, but higher than we originally expected, reflecting the stronger-than-anticipated volumes.  At SCP, volume was about up about 10%, which is lower than our expectations and reflects the Korean panel maker decisions to run at lower utilization rates during the quarter. Price declines at SCP were again moderate. For your modeling purposes, SCP's second quarter LCD sales were about $1.1 billion, up slightly from the first quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP LCD sales only of public filings report SCP's total sales, which include CRT glass and other product sales. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD glass business were $319 million, up almost 9% versus the first quarter. SCP Q2 results include a gain from transfer of LCD glass from SCP to our wholly-owned business. All in all, our total glass volume, including SCP, was up about 5% in the quarter. This is in comparison to the worldwide glass market that grew about 2% a quarter and reflects good progress against our goal to recover some of the market share that we lost in 2009. So let's spend a few minutes discussing the Display supply chain. As I mentioned in my opening comments, it appears that the supply chain is waiting a little longer to build inventory for the seasonal pull of the fourth quarter. This may be driven by expectations of a softer second half demand at retail and the current low levels of profitability at the industry. As a result, we anticipate the supply chain will be more cautious, build less inventory and consume less glass than we previously forecasted. In the second quarter, our model suggests supply chain build only 85 million in inventory in terms of square feet of glass. This represents panel inventory at panel makers, set inventory at set makers and finish product sitting at retail. This build was much lower than last year when the supply chain build over 200 million square feet inventory. As a reminder, that amount last year was actually higher than needed, and the supply chain then went through a mild correction late Q3 and beginning of Q4. This year, even with the industries more muted second half expectations for retail, supply chain inventories do not appear to be too high. Our models indicate supply chain exited Q2 with a little under 17 weeks of inventory. As I mentioned earlier, we lowered our glass volume expectations for the market to a range of 3.3 billion to 3.4 billion square feet. Part of the reason is the expectation of the supply chain will be more cautious, as I mentioned above.  The other reason is the industry's lower TV sales expectations. While our retail data, which is complete through May, does not indicate a slowdown in LCD televisions sales, many of the top TV brands have now lowered their 2011 expectations in recent weeks. On this slide, you can see the lower expectations by television brand. This information has been provided by a display search. As a result, we lowered our LCD TV unit forecast for this year from 222 million units to a range of 210 million to 212 million. This revised range is generally in line with other industry estimates.  On this side, you'll see our original expectations by geographic region versus our revised forecast. As a reminder, retail data always lags getting to us typically takes between 4 and 6 weeks for different vendors to accumulate and analyze the data. So through June, LCD television unit demand at retail is generally in line with our original expectations for the year. The first 6 months of the year, LCD TV units sales were up 18%. This compares to our original full year growth of 16%. And now our new revised growth rate of 10%. We've summarized the year-over-year growth rates for television by month and by region on one slide, so I'm not going to go through all the details. I would like to call your attention to the recent European demand being below last year. It is very important to remember that last year included the additional World Cup demand. And the recent increases in Japan probably relate to the upcoming analog to digital broadcast turnover. Regarding the PC market, we've had no change to our previous forecast. We expect PC market, excluding tablets, to grow 6%. We expect tablets to approach 60 million, up from 20 million last year. Based on our current expectations for glass demand in the second half, we are planning to continue to run our operations at full capacity, with the appropriate balancing between LCD glass and Gorilla Glass. However, we'll continue to monitor retail environment for any signs of further weakness. As many of you know, we have several levers available to adjust our output response to the significant changes in market demand and are prepared to utilize these levers if demand dictates. Now turning to the Telecom segment, which continues to run at full capacity. Sales were $548 million, up 16% versus Q1 and up 24% versus last year. Sequential growth was slightly lower than we guided due primarily to some project timing. Sequential and year-over-year growth was driven by all of our product lines across all geographic regions. Optical fiber volume was up more than 40% year-over-year, driven by strong demand in North America and Europe and China. We shipped more optical fiber in the second quarter than any time in our history. And fiber-to-the-home demand was up more than 60% year-over-year. Our bottom line performance was equally impressive. Telecom net income was $46 million in Q2, up 12% versus Q1 and up more than 50% year-over-year. We are seeing more of our sales dollars fall to the bottom line as the mix of higher margin products increases. As Clark Kinlin said at our annual investor meeting, we feel very bullish about the Telecom business and the wealth of market opportunities in front of us, not only this year, but over the next several years. In our Environmental segment, second quarter sales were $258 million, consistent with the first quarter, as expected. Versus Q2 of last year, sales were up 40%. This is one of our segments that boasted strong gross margin improvement and significant net margin gains. Net income was $32 million in the second quarter, up 10% versus Q1 on flat sales, and net income a year ago was only $5 million. We believe the Environmental segment is poised to capture significant growth over the next several years, while expanding its gross margin and profits as we improve our manufacturing. Moving to Specialty Materials. Q2 sales were $283 million, an increase of 11% over Q1 and more than double a year ago. The significant growth was primarily due to Gorilla Glass. We also saw significant gross margin expansion in this segment, led by Gorilla Glass for handhelds and IT. Back to gross margin, those sales is now above our corporate average. Segment net income also grew significantly from $8 million in Q1 to $23 million in Q2.  Gorilla Glass sales were roughly a $190 million in Q2, an increase of about 24% over the first quarter, included in this amount are sales of TV cover glass, which declined sequentially. Excluding TV cover, Gorilla Glass sales increased 35% sequentially. As I mentioned earlier, we now expect Gorilla Glass sales to be $800 million this year. While this expectation is lower than what we previously discussed, it is triple last year's sales. Gorilla Glass represents the most significant growth engine for Corning. During the second quarter, we were designed into a dozen more products, including devices for Motorola, Nokia, Lenovo and Samsung. Gorilla Glass now has 440 design wins since the product was launched, including another 60 models launching the market over the next 90 days. Gorilla Glass clearly continues to be the cover glass technology of choice. Moving to Life Sciences. Sales in the second quarter were $155 million, up 8% over the first quarter, higher than our expectations. Versus last year, sales were up 24%, about half the year-over-year growth was due to acquisitions.  Turning to Dow Corning. Q2 sales were $1.7 billion, up 6% from the first quarter and up 8% versus last year. Equity earnings were $95 million in Q2 versus $91 million in Q1. Regarding polysilicon spot prices, they've fallen significantly since the first quarter. However, the current spot prices are still well above prices in our long-term contracts. For those who keep track of poly price -- you'll note the market prices today are still higher than the last significant price decline from a few years ago. To date, Dow Corning has not had a customer change, one customer either change or reduce a purchase order. Demand remains very strong. In fact, Dow Corning is getting requests from our Tier 1 customers to do another round of pre-funding to lock-in poly supply through 2017 [indiscernible].  Now turning to balance sheet. We ended Q2 with about $6.4 billion in cash and short-term investments versus current and long-term debt of just $2.3 billion. Free cash flow was a positive $54 million in Q2. The largest outflow of cash during the quarter was CapEx, which was $494 million.  Based on our capital spending to date and the expected timing of our projects for the remainder of this year, we expect our total CapEx this year to be at the lower end of our previous guidance range of $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion.  On this slide, you can see our original range and updated forecast by segment. I'd like to call your attention to the Display and Specialty Materials capital spending numbers. A large portion of the Display capital spend for this year is for the expansion of our Taichung facility. While this expansion is for a new LCD capacity, it's actually needed to replace the existing LCD tanks and the process of being converted to Gorilla Glass. So while the spending is technically within our Display segment, if we did not convert existing tags to Gorilla, we would have had to build the tanks for Gorilla.  On this slide, you can see a breakout of the spending by major project. The new plant in Beijing will cost about $400 million this year, while the expansion in Taichung to replace the capacity being converted over to Gorilla will cost about $500 million. We've also budgeted about $350 million for what we call strategic asset protection. We have some lessons learned from the earthquake and power disruption at our plants in 2009. We're making some investments to improve the business continuity of our factories and also buying extra precious metals. We believe this spending will help prevent damage to our plants and also enable faster recovery from adverse events. As a reminder, we carry precious metals at cost, and they are not consumed during production. So these assets could be sold if no longer needed. Obviously, this spending is considered strategic by us. It is discretionary. And if we were looking for levers to reduce capital spending, this could be one of them.  We've also reviewed our capital project roadmap for 2012 and have some initial estimates for you today. Barring any lag between project and completion of spending, we anticipate the 2012 CapEx to be between $1.9 billion and $2 billion. On this slide, you can see the breakout. Most of the plant capital spending will be for Corning products that are poised to grow very rapidly over the next several years such as Gorilla Glass, substrates for catalytic converters, diesel filters, optical fiber and of course, the completion of our new display glass facility in Beijing, China.  In Telecom, we've been running our operations full and need to add more capacity to meet this growing industry. We expect the strong growth rates you've seen so far this year to continue, especially in optical fiber, fiber-to-the-home and Enterprise Networks.  In Environmental, we announced an expansion of our Shanghai auto substrate plant last week, spending for that is included in this number.  Life Sciences, which is included in Other, we are also expanding our China operation. China is clearly poised to grow faster than developed world, fueling demand for more autos, telecom networks, TVs and healthcare products. Now while the hyper GDP growth we saw over the past several years may slow slightly, according to industry experts, even slower GDP in China will be higher than most regions of the world. And we are continuing to invest to capture our share of that opportunity. On this slide is a breakout for Display and Specialty Materials for 2012. For Display, the majority of spending will be on the completion of the new facility in Beijing and completion of the expansion of Taichung. Now moving further down the balance sheet, inventory increased from $841 million at the end of Q1 to about $917 million at the end of Q2. This increase was almost entirely related to Gorilla Glass as we are preparing for the significant increase in demand in the second half. There was some additional inventory built in Display, although it was much less than we had expected. We expect to see good top line growth in the third quarter, led primarily by Gorilla Glass and Display. We expect even stronger bottom line growth driven by the higher sales and gross margin expansion.  In Display, we expect our total glass volume, which includes the wholly-owned business and SCP, to be consistent with the second quarter. It's in line with our expectations for the overall glass market in Q3. At our wholly-owned business, we expect volumes to grow in the mid to upper single digits sequentially, a volume growth primarily driven by a full quarter of higher production levels at Sharp. We expect glass price declines will continue to be moderate. With price declines at a lower level, we'll be using the word moderate going forward. If we experience a significant excursion in pricing, we'll, of course, disclose that change. Now at SCP, we expect Q3 volume to actually be down in the mid-single digits compared to Q2. With the exception of Sharp's temporary curtailment of production in Q2, glass demand from panel makers in Japan, Taiwan and China has been stronger than our initial expectations. Korean panel makers have been running lower utilizations and these are lower than we had expected, for actually the past 9 months. We believe this is a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future. Regarding panel prices, we would not be surprised if it stayed flat for the remainder of the quarter. With the exception of a 2-week period in May, panel pricing was flat for most of Q2. Although some in the industry were expecting more consistent panel price increases in Q2, we did not expect that to happen.  In the past, consistent panel price increases have only occurred when there have been panel supply constraints. The amount of excess panel capacity currently, we do not anticipate such constraints in the near future. We do expect the supply chain in coal to build some inventory in Q3 in preparation for Q4. Based on our models, we expect the number of weeks in inventory, on a forward-looking basis, to actually be lower actually in Q3. We don't usually provide guidance beyond the quarter, but we thought it important to note that the worldwide glass demand is expected to increase in the fourth quarter, assuming retail remains healthy and there's no negative change in the economic outlook. And as a reminder, the Chinese New Year in 2012 will be earlier.  In our Telecom segment, we expect third quarter sales to be up slightly in comparison to a very strong Q2. Our ability to supply is extremely tight right now, as most of the markets we participate in, such as optical fiber, fiber-to-the-home and Enterprise Networks are all growing substantially. We are working hard to leverage our existing capacity, as well as ramping up some additional capacity to meet demand. Compared to last year, Q3 Telecom sales are expected to be up about 20%. Now as a reminder, the strongest quarters for Telecom in terms of sales have been Q2 and Q3, historically; and the increase of sales between Q2 and Q3 is usually slight. For example, in '08, '09, '10, the increase in sales between Q2 to Q3 was 4%, 3% and 5%.  We expect sales in Environmental segment to be consistent with the second quarter and up 25% year-over-year. Like Telecom, our ability to supply is extremely tight in this area. Life Sciences sales are expected to be up slightly sequentially.  In Specialty Materials, sales are expected to grow in the upper single digit sequentially and 90% year-over-year driven primarily by Gorilla Glass. Gorilla Glass for IT and handheld is expected to increase 20% sequentially, offset by lower sales and other product lines within Specialty. Moving back to the income statement. We expect our Q3 corporate gross margin percent to grow by a couple of percentage points, due to the higher volume in Display and continued manufacturing improvements in Gorilla. SG&A expected to be consistent on a dollar basis, and thus lower on a percentage of sales in Q3. R&D will remain around 9% of sales, if not slightly lower. We expect equity earnings to be down in the upper single digits, as lower SCP earnings will more than offset higher equity earnings at Dow Corning.  Moving to taxes. We expect Q3 in 2011 tax rate to be about 15%. Investors should note that movements in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate influence our results. For your modeling purposes, for every 1 point move in the yen, our sales and net income move by about $10 million. The net income impact includes SCP, where a stronger yen, which also improved their results. Before I move to Q&A, I'd like to mention that we remain very confident in our innovation portfolio, and have made some significant progress on advancing several of our R&D programs in recent months. One of the future growth opportunities we're investing in today is specialty glass with thin-film photovoltaics. It is well known in the PV industry and by investors that Corning glass has demonstrated record efficiency levels on the research side of sales in silicon-tandem this year.  Some of you may recall, in April, that General Electric announced a record 12.8% on a full size cad tel module, which is recently verified by NREL. I'm happy to report this 12.8% record module used Corning's photovoltaic glass. We continue to be very encouraged by the progress we have made in recent months and remain confident we'll have a PV customer by the end of the year. The other future opportunity is OLEDs. We believe OLEDs will develop to become important to the display industry in the future and will require new glass compositions to maximize OLED potentials. We have developed a new glass for OLEDs, which is in customer qualification tests now. And we're also working on new glass composition for large size OLEDs. These innovations, combined with our strong growth of existing new products, such as Gorilla cover glass, ClearCurve optical fiber, Pretium EDGE products for data centers and diesel filters will provide a solid foundation for our growth in sales.  So that completes my formal comments this morning. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: That was great, Jim, thank you. John, we are now ready to take some calls.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First, with the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: I guess, 2 quick questions. For this year, based on the new expected volume growth for LCD, it looks like it's -- volume growth will be slower than price declines. And I guess, my question is, what do you see, if anything, that's going to change that next year? I mean, we've been waiting for this TV replacement cycle, and it just doesn't seem to be happening. Is there -- do you see this as being a trend again next year, where volume growth is at or below price declines? And then, just as a second question on OLEDs, can you comment on how you view that opportunity in terms of average selling price and average margin contribution versus your current LCD business?
James Flaws: So on the latter question, I'm not prepared to talk about the average selling price or margin contribution. We will be able to make the product on our existing LCD tanks. So we don't expect to have to spend much capital for it. And it's just too early for us to comment because we're just now in qualification on small sizes. On LCDs, I think we're not giving guidance on for next year. I just will comment that, if you look at the total square footage of glass, our models sold at retail versus the total square footage of glass at retail last year, our models would say it's going to be up just slightly over -- around 12%. It is the glass market because of inventory builds that's growing slowly this year. The industry is building less inventory. But at retail, we're seeing about 12% growth even in our most conservative models for television at year end. So we still expect to see demand at retail which ultimately is the most important driver and price declines are clearly going to be -- we're at moderate levels for the quarter below that level.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, that's helpful. Just a follow-up, as you talk to your customers and set makers and so forth, what do you see as driving the next TV replacement cycle? It seems like 3D has not been the driver of that. Is that just -- is that -- do you still view that as the driver, and it's just time -- time is needed to get more content? Or do you see something else driving the replacement cycle?
James Flaws: So we were never believers that 3D would be a strong driver initially. I think there are other people who are quite hopeful of that. We believe that the drivers will be replacement being faster than what it was in the CRT era, are going to be the overall quality of the television continuing to get better. The refresh rate -- the fitness of the product will be things that consumers value and our consumer research has said people are -- they view -- they value those quite highly. I think it's just speculation about 3D as to whether, at some point, when it becomes more important to people or there isn't that much content. And again, it's not that you're going to be watching everything on television in 3D. You're really buying a 2D television that you occasionally watch as 3D. We believe that people will replace on a faster rate going forward than they have in the past. And I think DisplaySearch, a few months ago, published a giant study on this, which I would point you to.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Jim, recognizing that the price premium may be behind a slow demand for Gorilla Glass for TV applications, are there things the industry can do to stimulate demand? Are you considering giving up maybe more margins on Gorilla Glass to drive increased volumes? Maybe just your thoughts overall to kind of drive the volume growth for Gorilla Glass for TV applications.
James Flaws: We have no plans to do anything further on pricing to do that. So we've put forth what we think is a very good product, we have some innovations that we could do in terms of reflectivity, if the customer wanted to do something on that. But we're not planning to make any price moves on TV cover.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Jim, do you get a sense of what the price premium might be that might be the crossover point? Would it be 10%, 20%? Any thoughts on what might stimulate demand on regular LCDs?
James Flaws: I have no -- it would be just pure speculation on my part, Mark.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Maybe separately, as we look at the outlook, adjusted outlook, any thoughts on just kind of OpEx control, similar to what we saw several years ago, and not just near term, Jim, but how we should think about longer-term planning assumptions for OpEx?
James Flaws: So I think that short term given slightly reduced outlook, we will be tougher on our operating expense growth. Longer term, our model has been to try to contain SG&A to be about half the rate of growth of our sales and so we get leverage from that. We don't look at that, that way every quarter, but that's what our goal is. R&D is more program driven and generally hasn't hit that target. What we -- we have enough innovations to justify our higher growth rate there, but even R&D, I think, we're being very cautious about letting it grow too fast.
Operator: And next, go to C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I guess, first question, Jim, and I know you hate looking out beyond the quarter. But I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the gross margin trajectory, particularly for LCD, as you balance maybe more muted volumes with ASP degradation, but also the move to thinner glass and how we should think about that trajectory going forward into Q4 and beyond.
James Flaws: Well, thin is an important part of our cost reduction program. We're continuing to advance the percent of glass that we ship to be thin. We just recently did our 5-year planning process and our expectation is that our business moves up every year in terms of the percentage being thin. One of our major customers, on one of their lines, has just gone to 100% thin. So we think it's validating it being good for our customers, as well as being good for us. So it's an important element of our ability to keep up with price declines. And as long as we don't have too many ups and downs in terms of utilization, we think that allows us to maintain our gross margin percent.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess, my follow-up question, kind of bigger picture in terms of cash redeployment to shareholders. It appears as though CapEx plans for LCD and Gorilla are pretty much done for kind of '11 and '12 and provides you the capacity that you need to support growth for multiple years, and you're sitting here with about $4.1 billion in net cash. So curious, what your discussions are like today with the board and when you think we'll hear something on that front that I think would prove to be positive for this story and the stock.
James Flaws: Well, I won't predict exactly when, but I will tell you that we have begun conversations with the board about the cash and what we should do with it. So it is definitely on the board's agenda now.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Jim, the glass volumes now are expected to grow only 6% this year versus your original expectations of 17% at the beginning of the year on a sort of apples-to-apples basis. So given this, is there any consideration of cutting LCD-related CapEx? And I sort of mean in aggregate for 2011 and '12. You're talking about actually increasing CapEx given some of this production capacity that you're converting over to Gorilla, which is leading to incremental Taichung expansion. But on the other hand, the end markets are a lot slower than you anticipated at the beginning of the year. So I'm just trying to understand, is the China LCD build still as strategic to you as you thought before? And even though you're spreading it maybe across a longer period of time. And what is specifically the need to increase the Taichung facility, especially if you're going to get some offset from thinner glass?
James Flaws: So the increase in Taichung is built around the fact that we are doing 2 things. One, we're giving -- already giving existing capacity to Gorilla, and we expect to have to give more capacity to Gorilla for next year. And therefore, we're going to do that by taking the LCD glass; and then, therefore, we're going to make LCD on newer, larger size Gens. So it is driven by that. We clearly are capable of slowing the spending at Beijing if the ramp there by our customers does not turn out to be what we expected. I think the question for us is really going to be, what capacity do we need for 2013 and '14? And whether the capitals -- if we continue to see lower rates of growth in LCD glass and thin being very successful, you may see the capital spending for Display come down even more. I will comment that on the growth for the glass market, I just want to make sure that my point earlier was understood. It is the fact that this year, the supply chain is building less inventory than they normally would for the growth that's happening at retail that makes the glass market look like it's growing a smaller number, even with the reduced IT forecast, the reduced television forecast at retail in what is very muted economic scenario, we're seeing at retail glass demand growing 12%. People can't take inventories to 0, so ultimately that growth rate shows back up for us. So we are being very cautious about the capital. We will adjust and potentially slow it down, but we definitely will take steps to be careful on the capital. But that being said, Gorilla is continuing to grow quite well and we're actually winning even more than what we expected for future models. So I think that's a big driver. The other thing, as you saw on our detail on CapEx, the chunk of this money that we're spending right now is around this asset protection program. Approximately half of that is assets that are fixed that we're doing to protect ourselves in the event of national disasters such as an earthquake. The rest is in precious metals, which we feel will retain their value. We'd like to have in the event of -- we need to have emergency repairs. But they are not assets that value go away. So we are being cautious about not overspending, but those are the primary reasons for it.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And as a follow-up, you mentioned incremental work that you've been doing on the OLED side. And in the past, you've sort of spoken about some of the technology challenges associated with implementations using a single sheet of glass. Do you expect for these large size OLED sets that you're contemplating in the future, that they would have a single sheet of glass implementation, or still continue to have 2 sheets as they are currently today?
James Flaws: That's really a question for our customers as to which model they assume that they're going to go. Some people are thinking about using 1 sheet, every one that's made today continues to use 2 sheets a glass. Our point of view is we're in the display industry. No matter what the display is, we're going to provide a glass for it. So if people need 1 sheet, it'll be one. It may have to be a much higher performance piece of glass, if it's only 1 sheet as opposed to 2. But we plan to sell glass to OLEDs as they become more important. Again, I'd stress I think this is a small percentage of the volume today. I believe the total OLED square footage of glass this year, probably is about 10 million square feet, but we are preparing to be ready for whatever direction the technology moves.
Operator: Our next question is from George Notter with Jefferies.
George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I wanted to ask you about, again, the CapEx plan looking into next year and beyond. At one point, I think, there was a view that you could build a second manufacturing facility in China. Certainly, I guess, now, I'm trying to understand what the perspective is there. I assume that's certainly not in the CapEx budget for next year, and I'm wondering if that is a reflection of any changes that you see in the Chinese market opportunity. Is it a change in the tariff structures for importing glass? Or walk us through that, that would be great.
James Flaws: So we haven't made a final decision, but I think if there is going to be a second factory it would be to support Samsung, and it's likely that, that would be done using some of SCP's money. It's not a final decision yet.
Operator: And we'll go to Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Following up on your commentary about gross margins improving a couple percentage points next quarter, there's a lot of moving parts that we think about within Corning. Can you help us understand, kind of a bit longer term is, are those levels at the higher gross margin level sustainable, or do we need to start factoring in some other things? And those other things, for example, what I mean is, maybe, for example, when you start to bring on your new China factory, I would assume there's some ramping costs there. Or you'd mentioned that you expect to start selling some PV sales. I don't know what to assume there about for margins. Is it comparable or below? Or how should we think about gross margins going forward about? Is this going to see a benefit in Q3 then, when you start to build in some one-time items or some reoccurring items for margins?
James Flaws: So PV's impact on us is likely to be relatively minor because it will ramp slowly. As we get a customer, then we'll start talking about the margin impacts. But I don't think you should have expected that much influence on the overall corporate average in the near term. Neither will Beijing, we will actually choose to ramp in tanks, multiple tanks in the facility, it's not like we're going to have a light switch and light them all up at one time. We'll ramp them more slowly. Therefore, the depreciation clock on them will start on a more phase basis. Again, the business is so large today that even the Beijing facility now starting up will not have much influence. The biggest influence on the Display margins is our ability to generally run relatively full and then to keep price declines and cost reductions relatively equal, which we think we have a good shot at doing. Corporately, as long as we make that happen on Display, we actually believe we have margin expansion opportunities in Telecom and Environmental, which will as those businesses grow and are expanding their margins should help our corporate margin. And then lastly, assuming we're right about where our cover glass is going in the future on devices, it's actually a higher gross margin on corporate average. So we think we have a very good shot at sustaining it as long as Display behaves the way we think it's possible.
Operator: Our next question's from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Erin Riley - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is Erin Riley on behalf of Simona. I just have a couple of questions. My first is on your Specialty Materials segment. I'm wondering if a lower mix of TVs in your assumptions for that segment going forward affects your margin assumptions there.
James Flaws: Yes, it does. It actually makes it better because the gross margin on the TV cover is actually very weak. So actually, not selling that, that actually improves the margin structure, especially in screens.
Erin Riley - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. My second question is on your longer-term sales targets. You reiterated your $10 billion in sales target, does that mean that you have incremental confidence in non-Display businesses given that there's a softer outlook in Display right now? Are you expecting a stronger rebound in Display going forward?
James Flaws: I think we have increased confidence in Telecom and Environmental that allows us to believe that we definitely could hit the $10 billion even with the weaker Display numbers.
Operator: And next, go to Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Just wondering on the channel inventory in the second quarter, you mentioned it was lower at retail and distribution. What is it in weeks, and how does it compare to normal?
James Flaws: So I think our comment was on inventory for the supply chain. And we would say, usually in Q2 that's the quarter that we see the most risk with inventory climbing, approaching 18 weeks and the fact that we're actually below 17 at quarter 2 is a very good sign. So that was my only comment, I think.
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Got it. And on the tablet -- and looking at the tablet and smartphone market for cover glass, it looks like tablets and smartphones are growing pretty nicely, if you look at next year also. Wondering what your expectations on Gorilla Glass was for next year, especially with, kind of, better margins now on the Gorilla Glass?
James Flaws: We haven't given a guidance yet for Gorilla for next year, we will a little bit later this year. But we see 2 things that would cause us to say it's going to continue to grow. We've seen the mix shift to people in smartphones, and we believe tablets are a device of choice for many consumers today, so that's good news. And most importantly, for us, is that we are not losing share to our competitors there. So we have a business to grow, we'll give you some guidance later this year.
Operator: And next, go to Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: A question for you on -- do you expect the usual industry kind of inventory drawdown in Q4 to set off for the industry refresh in Q1? And along with that, do you expect -- is Sharp expected to be kind of 1 quarter bump here in terms of catch-up, and then we kind of ease off again in Q4?
James Flaws: So our belief is that the inventory does drawdown in Q4 and the total supply chain, simply because the peaking of televisions in Q4. We don't -- we do -- would expect later in Q3 that we might see some utilization increases. Our Q4 cost demand is up versus Q3 for the industry. And given the early arrival of the Chinese New Year, we would expect that, that would drive demand a little bit more in the fourth quarter.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: And on the Sharp issue, do you expect that to be 1 quarter bump?
James Flaws: We have no reason to believe Sharp won't continue to run at the rate they are now. Basically, what they did is they corrected their inventories in April, in the very beginning with May, and then brought both their Gen 8 and Gen 10 back. And assuming that Sharp themselves does okay in the retail market, we have no reason to expect them not to continue to run.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: Excellent. And then, a question on the TV market, in general, replacement rates and all the rest of us. Does -- what are your customers saying of potential for smart TV to accelerate the replacement rate in 2012, 2013, when 3D is pretty much a bust. But will a smart TV be the great hope for everybody in the industry?
James Flaws: Sure. I'll characterize it as a great hope, but I think our customers believe in, as we do, that Internet connectivity for televisions will become increasing importance to consumers and whether it is enough by itself to change the replacement rate -- that would be speculation on my part. But definitely, our customers and we believe that it is an important attribute as people make their decisions going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Ajit Pai with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A couple of quick questions. I think, the first one is on your Telecom segment. And after a long time, you've sort of talking about capacity constraints for that business over the past couple of quarters. And while that segment has shown some very significant operating margin improvement, how much more is there left in that segment? And can you talk about the pricing trends within that industry, whether they've improved materially since -- with all the overcapacity going away? And then, I'll go to my second question.
James Flaws: So pricing trends have definitely improved. I mean, there are still a lot of customer power. Our customers are very large. But definitely, I would say, compared to a number of years ago, the pricing trends have improved and we definitely feel like we're going to see continued demand. And as a result, we're going to actually, for the first time in many years, spend a little capital against this business.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And the operating margins from the low teens, could they creep up into the high teens or break into the 20s over time?
James Flaws: We don't ever give gross margins comments by segments, so I will just tell you that we believe that the gross margin in the Telecom segment could improve.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then, the second question is just looking at one of your M&A strategy and then also the Life Science segment. So there, your margins have actually fallen on a year-over-year basis, at an operating level. So how much of that is investment and the impact of the recent acquisitions? And do we expect the margins on that business to eventually get back and exceed the margins of the first half of last year on the operating side? And from an M&A perspective, is -- you've acquired in the Life Sciences side, you've also talked about looking more closely on the Telecom side. Is there an update in terms of the pipeline and strategy for continuing to bolster some of your non-Display businesses with acquisitions?
James Flaws: So we definitely believe that corporately we will bolster our overall growth rate by acquiring. The 2 industries we're focused on, are Life Sciences and Telecom. We did 1 telecom acquisition earlier this year. We're working on a Life Sciences one today. The margin down in Life Sciences is definitely due to integration issues on acquisitions and then in getting through that phase. And then second, Life Sciences is one of the business we actually have commodity pressure because of resins, and we actually raised prices to overcome that but we were a little bit behind on that in Q2.
Operator: And we'll go to John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: What caused you to move glass from SCP to the wholly-owned operation during the quarter?
James Flaws: We actually -- it was related more to quarter 1. We bought glass from SCP in Q1. And because it's, in effect, an intercompany sale, we can't recognize the margin until that glass is actually sold to a customer. So that was the recognition. But in quarter 1, we were tight on glass at our wholly- owned, so we bought some from SCP.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And secondly, how do you expect to bring OLED into your manufacturing mix? Is that going to made here in the U.S. sort of small scale plant and cycle between PV and OLED glass initially?
James Flaws: I think it will be made in Asia.
Operator: And that will be from Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a couple of quick questions. I guess, Jim, I wonder, could you just let us know what you think the minimum inventory level in the channel might be? I mean, you're saying below 17 weeks. I mean, how far -- how low can they go, I guess, would be a question? And I wonder if you could just give us any quantification on what you mean by moderate pricing declines. I'm assuming that's a little bit worse decline than the normal expectation.
James Flaws: So on pricing, I'm not going to comment anymore. The levels are quite low and it's just moderate, so I won't make any further comment. On inventory -- so unfortunately, we once saw it go down to 13 weeks and that was when everybody was panicking in late '08, you may recall, thought the end of the world was near. So they clearly can do that. I will tell you, having done that, they then experienced tremendous out of stocks in quarter 1 of 2009. So they really realize that was a bad outcome. But clearly, mechanically, it is possible. I would think that, that is unlikely to have that episode repeated, but clearly, they could make that choice. But we think it's more likely that they might run in a 16-week range for a period of time, especially given the weak profitability of the industry. You don't want to take inventory risks, but I would -- we would be very surprised if that repeat of the 13 weeks occurred.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then on just -- I did want to follow up with -- on the Telecom segment as well and just ask -- we've seen some evidence in Q2 reporting that Telecom's volume behavior is a little bit muted, maybe expectations for H2 aren't that great, but you guys seem pretty confident. I'm just wondering what the source of the confidence is. Is it the Chinese optical build? Is it -- I mean, can you give us any more color on that?
James Flaws: So I would say that the confidence we have versus some other people in the industry is, particularly our strong position in fiber-to-the-home with those projects around the world being quite robust. Then -- and second would be because of our strong position in optical fiber, and the demand for optical fiber around the world is quite strong. So I think that positions us differently than some of the other telecom companies that may be in your coverage, as an example.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. And is it fair to say APAC is probably the region where there is the most demand at the moment, or is that the wrong assumption to make on the optical side?
James Flaws: I will tell you that there is good demand in North America.
Kenneth Sofio: Jim?
James Flaws: Just a couple of quick closing comments. First on, Investor Relations. We will be presenting at 2 conferences starting in September. On September 8, we'll actually be one of the keynote speakers at the Citi Technology Conference in New York City. And then on September 13, Jim Clappin, who's the President of our Corning Glass Technologies, which includes Display and Gorilla, will be presenting at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas.  Just a couple of closing comments. We feel very good about our set of businesses. As I mentioned previously, it's rare to have all our segments pulling in the same upward direction. At our investor meeting in February, we highlighted that all of our businesses are expected to grow over the next 4 years. We believe our first half results are evidence of that. I am particularly pleased with the gross margin expansion, the bottom line growth in Telecom, Environmental and Specialty Materials. And lastly, we're making progress in our new business areas, such as photovoltaics and OLEDs, which we believe can provide new longer-term growth opportunities for the company.  Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today and will run until 5:00 Eastern Time Wednesday, August 10. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 209752. Audiocast also available on our website during that time. John, that concludes our call today. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Sofio -  James Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Finance Committee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Alkesh Shah - Evercore Partners Inc. Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Corning Incorporated First Quarter Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Corning's first quarter call. This morning Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will lead the discussion prepared remarks then move to the Q&A. Those remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those remarks involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, and those risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim?
James Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Hopefully, you had a chance to read the press release we issued this morning in our first quarter results. If you haven't, a copy can be found on our Investor Relations website. I'm going to start by highlighting our terrific first quarter, and then provide some color and clarity on the impact of the earthquake in Japan, and also Sharp's recent utilization reductions on Corning. So let's start with the first quarter. Our first quarter results demonstrate Corning's growth opportunities are real, and we are succeeding at building a bigger, more balanced company. Each and every one of our segments grew sequentially and year-over-year. Our consolidated sales in Q1 were $1.9 billion, an increase of 9% over Q4, but even more impressively was the 24% increase over the first quarter of last year. As we highlighted during our February investor meeting, we strongly believe that every one of our segments will have significant growth this year and over the next several years, and for investors looking for evidence of that, look at our first quarter. Our first quarter gross margin also increased, reflecting good operational performance, reaching 45%, an increase over the fourth quarter gross margin of 43%. Earnings per share were excellent at $0.47, and well ahead of most expectations. In summary, our first quarter results are a great example of our growth and earnings potential going forward. In fact, there have been no changes to the mega trends and growth drivers that our business has participated in. The vision of the future we showed you in A Day Made of Glass video is still well intact, and Corning remains in position to capture these significant growth trends. So for investors, the most frequent questions over the last 6 weeks have been, how have the events in Japan, including Sharp's announcement, impacted Corning? So let me start with the events in Japan. First, we are so very pleased that all of our employees were safe and accounted for. Corning is a company of strong values, and valuing the individual is the most important value we have as a company.  Second, none of our operations were impacted by the earthquake, the tsunami or the rolling power outages. Third, we've experienced no issues either obtaining raw materials to make glass or shipping finished product around or out of Japan. Fourth, we've done our own review of the components supply chain in Japan. As a result of this review, which includes many conversations with key component suppliers and our customers, it's our opinion that the potential shortage of components is unlikely to cause any material disruption. While there are components [indiscernible] that are still in the process of repairing and manufacturing operations are resuming production, many of the impacted companies have now made the necessary repairs, and are bringing production back online. In the meantime, the panel makers have had inventory of key components as well as finished panels. At some cases, they've already qualified secondary supply sources. So we no longer view this as a potential threat to the production of panel making. Now I'd like to talk about Sharp. They have been an important strategic partner and customer of ours for a very long time. For those who know their history, you may remember we collaborated with Sharp back in the 1980s on the first colored TFT-LCD panel. It is based on this mutual history and respect that we continue to work closely with them as they adjust their production plans. So here's what I can tell you today and some of this you may have heard directly from them. Sharp has decided to significantly reduce production at their Gen 8 and Gen 10 fabs to lower their inventory levels. We view this as a temporary reduction, and one that we do not believe will last beyond the second quarter. Looking ahead, we expect to see a significant increase in glass demand in Q3, as both production at Sharp resumes, and the worldwide supply chain prepares for the seasonally stronger fourth quarter. I'll add some more on our second quarter expectations and some early thoughts on Q3 and the outlook. Now that I've addressed some of the more important topics from the past few weeks, I'd like return to quarter 1 and recap our results in more detail. So moving down the income statement, as I mentioned a moment ago, gross margin increased from 43% in Q4 to 45% in Q1, reflecting strong Display volume and good manufacturing performance in Display, as well as Telecom and Environmental. Included in our quarter 1 gross margin was $12 million in start up in conversion costs and project costs related to conversion of additional capacity from LCD to Gorilla. As a reminder, our Q4 gross margin included $24 million of project-related costs and other write-offs. SG&A was $250 million or 13% of sales, and significantly lower than Q4 as expected. RD&E [research, development and engineering] was $156 million, and also lower than Q4.  Equity earnings were $398 million, and were slightly lower sequentially compared to equity earnings, without specials from quarter 4. Other income was $27 million in Q1 versus $54 million in Q4. Approximately $10 million of this swing was due to the non-repeat of balance sheet hedge gains in Q4, as well as approximately $17 million in one-time corporate contributions this quarter.  Net profit before taxes, excluding special items, was $867 million, and 15% higher than Q4, and the result of the 9% growth in sales, higher gross margin and lower operating expenses. Our tax rate increased as expected from 3% to 13% in Q1. Net profit after tax, excluding special items, was $751 million, up slightly versus the fourth quarter. The impact of movements in exchange rates from Q4 to Q1 was not material to our results. So now I'd like to turn to the first quarter with Display. Display sales were $790 million, an increase of 5% over Q4. Volume was up in the mid -- in the upper single digits, which was higher than we had expected. The strong volume was a result of Taiwanese and Japanese panel makers running at higher-than-expected utilization rates, which led to additional glass demand for us, but higher panel inventory levels for them.  The stronger glass demand at our wholly-owned business kept us from building any additional inventory in Q1. As a result, we ended the quarter with healthy glass inventory levels. As expected, first quarter price declines were more moderate than the fourth quarter, and the benefit of movements in the end was negligible. Display gross margins increased quarter-over-quarter, reflecting strong manufacturing performance and the strong volume. At SCP, volume was up modestly but slightly lower than our expectations. Lower volume reflects the Korean panel makers decision to keep lower production levels in Q1 to maintain healthy inventory levels heading into Q2. And price declines at SCP were similar to our wholly-owned business. For your modeling purposes, SCP's first quarter LCD sales were about $1 billion, and consistent with the fourth quarter and as always, a reminder of this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings report their total sales, which includes CRT [cathode ray tube] glass and other products' sales. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD glass business were slightly lower sequentially, reflecting an increase in their tax rate. As we had disclosed during annual investor meeting, SCP's tax rate this year will be between 18% and 19%, versus a 15% rate in 2010. All in, our total glass volume, including SCP, was up 5% in the quarter as comparison to a worldwide glass market that grew about 2%, and reflects good progress against our goal to regain some of the market share we lost in 2009. So I'd like to spend a couple of minutes on the Display supply chain. We continue to be very encouraged about the level of inventory in the supply chain heading into Q2. We believe the amount of inventory in terms of square feet actually shrank slightly in Q1. This is comparison to a buildup of inventory in the first quarter of last year, of roughly 60 million square feet. We call that buildup was the beginning of an overbuild that continued in Q2 before the mild correction in Q3. We see no evidence of that repeating this year. Our models indicate supply chain exited Q1 with roughly 17 weeks of inventory, versus 17.5 at the same time a year ago. Now regarding retail, the data we have so far, suggests demand for televisions and monitors as well in line with our expectations. However, demand for notebooks has been a little softer. Worldwide, LCD television unit sales at retail were up 28% in January and 12% in February year-over-year. Both were slightly higher than we had expected. We do not have complete worldwide data for March. In the U.S., the retail market has gotten off to a good start for the first quarter. January is up 4%, February down 5%, and March up 9%. In fact, demand has been up, year-over-year, for the last 8 weeks in a row, including the first 2 weeks of April. As a reminder, we're forecasting the U.S. market to grow just a couple of million sets this year. In China, LCD television unit sales were up 28% in January and down 26% in February. This reflects the shift in timing of the Chinese New Year holiday sales. This year, there was only 1 week of holiday sales in February versus 3 weeks last year. Chinese New Year demand total was up slightly more than 25%, and right in line with our expectations. As a result, there did not appear to be any excess TV inventory following the holiday. Very importantly, in March, LCD television units in China grew 22%. In Europe, LCD television unit growth was up 16% in January, and 9% in February, both in line with our expectations. We do not have the final data for March. And in the developing regions, the growth rates were very robust. Emerging Asian sales were up 97% in January, 82% in February, and South America sales were up 90% in January and in February. Again, we don't have March data here either.  In Japan, we continue to forecast 12 million units this year, about 0.5 of last year's total. This is the forecast from our annual investor meeting, and reflects the end of the Echo Point program in March. There has been some discussion about whether the program will be brought back but that does not appear to be happening. LCD television unit sales in Japan were down about 9% in January, and up 16% in February, possibly reflecting the rush prior to the expiration of the program. And they were down 6% in March. It was actually better than we had expected. March results did not appear to reflect any additional consumer weakness following the earthquake but obviously, we'll keep an eye on the April data when it comes out in a few weeks. For those who are modeling a softer Japan market following the earthquake, remember, there are approximately 10 square feet of glass in the average size television. So if the market, for example, was 3 million televisions less, that would equate to about 30 million square feet of glass. Based on what we've seen so far in the first quarter, we have no reason to adjust our forecast for 2011 worldwide LCD television demand.  Now turning to monitors. Demand also continues to be on track with our forecast. Our data is based on shipments for the top 9 monitor brands, which make up about 75% of the worldwide monitor market. For the first two months of the year, unit shipments are consistent with last year. The notebook market has been weaker during the first quarter, and we have lowered our 2011 forecast from 212 million units to roughly 196 million. Our Q1 data is based on the top 5 ODMs, which make up about 80% of the worldwide notebook market. As a result, we have adjusted our worldwide glass forecast by roughly 100 million square feet, or less than 3% of the total from our previous range of 3.6 billion to 3.8 billion square feet to 3.5 billion to 3.7 billion square feet. I'd like to give you a brief update on Eagle XG Slim. We're very pleased with the pull we're getting from our customers. Investors, however, should not view Slim as a significant advantage over our existing competitors. Although we see no one else in the market with any significant volume, our assumption is they will eventually be able to make thinner glass, although it maybe more difficult and costly for them. We do believe any potential new entrants would have difficulty duplicating Slim. The way we think about it, if you're a competitor who has been trying for the last few years to produce and sell your first piece of LCD glass at the standard size of 0.7 millimeters, and you have not been able to meet customer specifications, now your customers would want glass that's 30% thinner. Think about how high the bar has moved. So let's turn to Telecom, which is really hitting on all cylinders. Sales were $474 million, up 7% from Q4, and significantly higher than our expectations. Compared to last year, Telecom's sales were up 30%. The year-over-year growth was driven by the 2 areas, Clark Kinlin highlighted during our annual investor meeting, Fiber-to-the-Home, which was up 70% from last year, and Enterprise Networks, which were up 20%. We also saw a very strong demand for optical fiber, as well as hardware equipment in the first quarter. In fact, in the month of March, we sold more kilometers of optical fiber than any other month in our entire history.  Our bottom line performance was more impressive. Telecom net income was $41 million in Q1, up significantly from Q4's $18 million, and the $8 million reported last year. We're seeing more of the sales fall to the bottom line as the mix of higher margin products increases. Those who model our Telecom segment, you will see this in the segments' gross margin performance. As Clark said in February, we feel very bullish about our Telecom business and the wealth of market opportunities there in front of us. Not only this year but over the next several years. Now in our Environmental segment, first quarter sales were also higher than we expected, and actually an all-time record. Sales were $259 million, up 12% sequentially, and up 35% over last year, led primarily by diesel. Diesel sales were up 18% sequentially and up 81% year-over-year, driven primarily by the recovery in heavy-duty diesel filter demand. In fact, the business had record quarterly sales in Q1 for both heavy-duty and light-duty filters. This is another segment that's posted strong gross margin improvement and significant net profit gains. Net income was about $29 million in the first quarter compared to $15 million in Q4, and just $11 million we made last year.  Environmental is also poised to capture significant growth over the next several years while expanding its gross margins and profits. In Specialty Materials, Q1 sales were $254 million, an increase of 29% over Q4, and 2.5x larger than Q1 of last year. The significant growth was primarily due to Gorilla Glass, which continues to be the industry's cover glass technology of choice. Segment net income grew from $2 million to $8 million in Q1. The segment's Q1 results include the first material sales of TV cover, which are currently not a significant contributor to segment profits. Gorilla Glass sales were roughly $150 million in Q1, an increase of 50% over Q4. We continue to believe Gorilla Glass sales could approach $1 billion this year. In fact, since we launched Gorilla sales -- Gorilla Glass 4 years ago, the first quarter has represented about 15% of the full year demand. So we feel we're on track with our sales goals. We do need TV cover glass to contribute to our sales goal this year. We have begun significant shipments of the cover glass in Q1, and we're now awaiting market feedback, as consumers have a chance to see this innovative new product. While TV cover will not be a contributor to profits this year, we are very anxious to see how well it sells. And we're continuing to learn how to make large-scale strengthened glass for this product, which will help us in other business opportunities. Our first mover advantage continues to pay significant dividends. We're currently designed in over 370 different models since the product was introduced. That includes 217 in the market today, plus another 30 that are being released in 3 months. We continue to make progress extending Gorilla Glass into new markets, including an exciting collaboration with Hyundai in a futuristic concept car. In addition, a major architectural firm announced Gorilla Glass is designed into a prototype prefab apartment unit. The firm exhibited Gorilla Glass just last week at an industry show in Seattle.  In Life Sciences, sales in the first quarter were $144 million, up slightly over the fourth quarter. At Dow Corning, Q1 sales were $1.6 billion, consistent with the fourth quarter, but up 17% over the prior year. Equity earnings were $91 million in Q1, that's versus $124 million in Q4. But as a reminder, Q4 had included $42 million in one-time gains. Without those one-time gains, equity earnings were up 11% sequentially. Shifting to the balance sheet, we ended Q1 with $6.3 billion in cash and short-term investments, versus current long-term debt of just $2.3 billion. Free cash flow was negative $104 million in Q1. The largest outflow of cash during the quarter was for capital spending, which was $532 million, in line with our expectations.  We also completed our acquisition of MobileAccess during the quarter. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure, and the GAAP for reconciliation is on our website. Moving further down the balance sheet. Inventory increased from $738 million at the end of Q4 to about $841 million at the end of Q1. This increase was almost entirely in just 2 segments, Gorilla and Telecom. For Gorilla, the business is gearing up for the significant step up in demand in the second half. In Telecom, most of the increase was related to the acquisition of MobileAccess. Now let me turn to our outlook starting with Display. In Q2, we expect the worldwide glass demand to be consistent quarter-to-quarter with the Korean glass market demand up substantially and the rest of the world down substantially. This reflection of the Korean panel makers increasing their utilization rates following more modest production levels for the last 2 quarters.  In Taiwan, we expect panel makers to run a lower utilization rates in an effort to reduce panel inventory. And in Japan, obviously, glass demand will be significantly lower due to Sharp's capacity decision. This will result in our total glass volume, which includes SCP, to be consistent quarter-to-quarter. At our wholly-owned business, volume went down in the low- to mid-teens sequentially, reflecting a lower utilization rates in Taiwan, as well as Sharp's capacity reductions. At SCP, we expect volume to be up in the low- to mid-teens sequentially. Regarding glass market, in total, we view the amount of shipments in Q2 to be good news for the overall supply chain.  Typically, the second quarter is the hardest to forecast, given the traditional slower seasonal retail environment and the supply chain's desire to build inventory heading into the second half. So the fact that glass shipments are consistent is viewed as a positive by us. We do expect the supply chain to build some inventory in Q2 preparing for the second half. But the amount of inventory is expected to be built, based on our models, is about half the amount that was built in Q2 of last year. We again view this as a positive. Although absolute inventory will increase on a forward-looking basis, the number of weeks in inventory and the supply chain will remain about 17.5 exit in Q2.  Glass prices at our both wholly-owned business and SCP are expected to moderate even further in the second quarter. We usually do not provide guidance beyond a quarter, but we thought it's important to note that we believe the worldwide glass demand is going to increase significantly across all geographic regions in the third quarter. In our Telecom segment, we expect second quarter sales to be up 20% sequentially, and compared to last year, Telecom sales would be up about 30%. We expect sequential and year-over-year growth across all our Telecom product lines. We expect sales in Environmental to be down just slightly sequentially compared to the stronger-than-expected first quarter, but up 35% year-over-year. And in Life Sciences, we expect sales to be up slightly sequentially and almost 20% year-over-year. Specialty Materials sales are expected to grow about 20% sequentially, driven primarily by Gorilla Glass. In the income statement, Q2 corporate gross margin should be down 2 to 3 points, primarily due to the lower volume of sales in Display. SG&A, as a percentage of sales on a dollar basis, will tick up slightly in Q2, reflecting the company's annual merit increases which occur in April. And RD&E will be roughly 90% of sales. We expect equity earnings to be up about 10% sequentially, reflecting a strong volume in SCP. Investors should note that the movements in the yen to the U.S. dollar exchange rate influence our results. Again, for your modeling purposes, every 1 point move in the yen, our sales and net income moves by about $9 million.  The net income impact includes SCP where a stronger yen also improves their results. And finally, moving to taxes, we expect our Q2 and 2011 tax rate to be about 15%. That concludes our formal comments this morning. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: All right. Thank you, Jim. John, we're ready to take some calls right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first in line, Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Jim, can you comment on the inventory increase in your balance sheet? What are the key elements that are driving that increase, and how much of that increase is raw materials versus finished goods?
James Flaws: The increase in the balance sheet inventories would be mostly finished product or WIP [work in process]. It's not raw materials. There were 2 drivers of it. It's roughly split half between Telecom and half between Gorilla. In Telecom, mostly, it was the acquisition of MobileAccess. And in Gorilla, we are building inventory as we get ready for the increase in the quarters -- each quarter as we go along over the course of the year. So, we were very comfortable with the inventory build.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And as a follow up, you mentioned you expect to ramp back up in Sharp's production in the third quarter. Do you anticipate that your shipments to Sharp in 3Q will be back at the levels pre the capacity reductions? Or are you expecting a slower ramp back up in the third quarter? Thank you.
James Flaws: I don't have any specific guidance yet about both of their fabs. We definitely expect that their Gen 10 to be back. What don't know is how much their Gen 8 will be back. I think they made some announcements this morning and talked about it, but we definitely feel their Gen 10 will be back up in a substantial operations.
Alkesh Shah - Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. Thanks, a lot, Jim.
Operator: And next is CJ Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I guess first question on your Display gross margins, clearly, you benefited a little bit there by running, I don't want to say full out but running a nice utilization, building a little inventory. Curious on what your thoughts are for the second half of '11, as you think about Slim Eagle XG in the mix, you think about the expected tick up at a core customers Sharp, would love to hear your thoughts on how we should see that progress into the second half of the year.
James Flaws: Well, the gross margins in Q1 benefited from us running full. But I remind you, we were at full in quarter 4 also. We expect to run all our operations full in Q2, we will build some inventory as a result of that. But obviously, without the sales, it lowers the gross margin Display in Q2 by itself. Assuming that in Q3 and Q4 that we have, continue to run all our operations and our sales go back up, which is what we are expecting, you should see gross margins go back up from the Q2 levels. I'm not going to give an exact number but we definitely expect Display in gross margins to bounce back from Q2.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess, in terms of -- your revenue mix, clearly, the other business they're really starting to contribute in a more meaningful way. How should we think about that contribution to the gross profit line through the year? Any programs there to drive improvement other than just a pickup in utilization? How should we think about that?
James Flaws: I would say focused on Gorilla, the margins should continue to improve. They're being held back a little by the conversion costs of our tanks as we convert from Display to Gorilla. But as we told you before, on just the glass alone, for IT and handheld, we expect that to be above our corporate average. So you should see that improve as we go through the course of the year. Environmental should improve based on improved manufacturing performance. We think we're making progress on some of the problems that have caused us pain over the last year. And we did show that in Q1. I think we'll continue to improve there. Telecom is running at a very good gross margin, obviously lower than the corporate average, but well into the 30s. And even though it feels like it's a downer versus the corporate average, I mean we view it as a very good gross margin given the assets we have invested in this business, and very good return on invested capital. So we feel very good about our margin portfolio of the businesses and the potential for improvement. Assuming we're right on the sales.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And next, we will go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a clarification on your Q2 commentary in the Display business, I think you mentioned that you are going to be keeping the tank full even though your shipments are going to be down quite a bit, and so you'll be building up some inventory. Can you just give us a little more color on why you think prices can moderate in the context of higher inventory at the glass level in Q2? And in particular, do you think that is partly in preparation for Q3, and are you still thinking of converting some of your glass tanks over to Gorilla in Q3? So is that Q2 build-up in anticipation for that potential diminished supply on your part in Q3?
James Flaws: That's a lot of questions rolled into one. So first on the price for Q2, since we've already agreed with most of our customers now that we feel comfortable that, that price will, in moderation will be in fact, what we see. In terms of the amount of inventory, we're building because in Display, because of the lower sales, we actually built no inventory in the Display business in Q1. The amount we're building is not a substantial amount and it will help us as we see the ramp up in Q3 and Q4 and as you mentioned, obviously gives us some flexibility if we want to convert another tank to Gorilla versus Display. So we're very comfortable with continuing to run and build that inventory.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And so as of now, there's no plan that is certain as far as whether you will be converting that capacity, it's just more contingent on how the end market dynamics develop?
James Flaws: Well, we do have a plan for conversion of our capacity on various tanks over to Gorilla but we obviously have the flexibility as the market shifts to potentially do more.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thanks for taking my question. I just had a couple. One quick one is on Sharp. I wonder, would you guys be able to quantify how much production was lost, or give us any kind of quantification of what the impact there might be, so that we can think about what -- how much production might come back to us in Q3? And I've got one follow-up to that as well.
James Flaws: I'm sorry, we won't give specific numbers on a customer.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. The follow-up question is when we look at the Gorilla Glass situation, you guys are saying that you had TV glass, cover glass, included in the numbers this time around. Yet we look out in the market, we don't see very many Gorilla Glass products out there, TV products. And I'm just wondering what your expectation generally is for H2. Do you think that the number of product is going to multiply quite a bit? I'm not asking you about specific producers or anything like that, but do you think as we get into H2, we're going to see a lot more TV products with that Gorilla Glass incorporated?
James Flaws: I would be surprised right now because we only have one customer, and that's Sony. And so I think we'll have to see how their models sell. But right now, we have no other customers who are working with us to be, that would be imminent for coming up in the second half. As I've said before though, I think that if these televisions are well accepted by consumers, we might see other people thinking about it. But right now, we basically -- our plans are that it's Sony, in their various models, and that's what you'll see in the second half.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then just one last thing, the revenues in the Telecom's business were pretty strong this quarter. Quite stronger than we thought they're going to be. Could you guys give us any color on where the fiber is going? You talked about fiber demand being strong. Any information you can give us on regionally, what's happening, or what's developing in the market that's driven that big demand for fiber and whether you think that will continue?
James Flaws: So the fiber demand regionally is strongest in the United States and Europe. It's not long-haul. It's just fiber that is going into local networks and access. And we're actually down slightly in China, which we had expected with their -- having finished the builds. So that's where the strength we're seeing from a fiber point of view. Now but I will point out it's more than fiber. I mean, every one of our product areas in Telecom is actually up.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: Thank you. A couple of questions, Jim, you might have mentioned, if so I didn't pick it up. At the current run rate and mix, is Gorilla still near corporate average given TVs are a very small contribution in terms of gross margins?
James Flaws: So we have always said that when we talk about Gorilla Glass, for IT and handheld, obviously excluding the TV cover, the number would be about our corporate average, maybe it will be above it, but including the conversion costs, it's not above it right now. As for the glass for IT and handheld, if you include TV cover, it's obviously below. But we've known that for a long time as we have not been expecting to make much money on TV cover in the first year.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. So in the first quarter, excluding the start-up costs, we're looking at something close to corporate average then?
James Flaws: That's correct.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, and if I look at your revised outlook for the LCD market for the year, quick calculation would suggest volume growth expectations around 11% to 17.5%. Just looking at the first quarter and then the second quarter guidance, it would suggest a very strong second half of Corning to get into that range, assuming no share loss. Is that pretty much your expectation then when we look at the full year?
James Flaws: Yes, we're expecting a strong Q3 and Q4 for the glass market, and part of it is that we are seeing what we would regard as very good supply chain behavior relative to what in the first quarter and the second quarter. And I'll remind you, every time in the last 5 years that there has been a problem on inventories in the supply chain, it's because the industry got too excited and built too much in Q2. So we don't see that happening right now. And our assumption is that they will run much stronger in Q3, and continue to run strong in Q4. So that's our belief, that's how we're structuring, that's what plays in to our glass market forecast.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, and just one clarification on that. For the first quarter, do you have -- I'm looking at the numbers, it looked like your combined volume growth year-over-year was in the mid- to upper-single digits, is that reasonable?
James Flaws: Yes.
Operator: And our next question is from George Notter with Jefferies.
George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thanks very much guys. I guess I had a question about China. I get the sense that we've seen some softening of panel makers desires to move into China with panel making facilities. Do you agree with that? Why or why not? And then how would that impact your CapEx plans going forward in terms of adding glass capacity in China? Thanks.
James Flaws: Well, I think the pace of the additional fabs beyond the first 2 BOE, and -- I forget the China Star, the other one, those are moving -- those 2 fabs are moving ahead very crisply, and that's where our capacity is aimed at BOE, right now. I think the question is really for Samsung and LG, what the pace of their facilities will be. And I think there's some feeling that they might be slower but we don't have any specific start dates from either one of those. But clearly, once we have an understanding of those 2, that could influence our capital, but I don't think it will have much impact at all this year, and the impact would be next year assuming that we are building at the Samsung Corning stock.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: The question I have is, Gorilla Glass is definitely attractive to the market and you put out a goal of about $1 billion for the year. Can you help us understand a little bit about, is that assumption primarily, or almost all of it on the tablet smartphone side, or how should we think about it as it relates to, say, versus the other things like LCD TVs, automotive, architectural, how does the pie kind of split up when you see the future there for this year and maybe even going further down the road?
James Flaws: So for this year, we're not expecting anything of architectural and automotive. We'd love to ship a few pieces but it's not going to be meaningful. So it really is all around IT-handheld market and then TV cover. We have TV cover in our forecast originally for several hundred million dollars. We're prepared for the fact it might be less than that, in which case we believe we could use some of that capacity to sell more IT and handheld. But that's where all the action is.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Great. And then a quick follow up back to the gross margins. Can I just clarify a little bit for the way the accounting goes, and I believe if I'm correct, you have a little bit of a headwind in Q2 for the gross margin because the operations will be higher than the sell-through. And then in Q3 and Q4 that should revert to be more favorable for the company, is that the way the accounting works? And even though I'm a CPA, it's been an awfully, awfully long time since I've actually run the numbers?
James Flaws: I think I need you to be very specific on which business you're talking about.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Sorry, for the Display.
James Flaws: So in Display, what's happening is from the accounting perspective is, even though our demand is -- our sales are down in Q2. We're continuing to run and build inventory. Therefore, we absorbed the fixed cost on that inventory but obviously, we miss the benefit of the sales, if you will, the standard gross marginal sales, which is quite high for Display. Assuming that, we then, sell that inventory out in the back half of the year, we get that sales and standard gross margin. But obviously, we've already gotten a fixed cost absorption on.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Great. Thank you very much, and again, congratulations to you and your team.
James Flaws: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: And we'll go to Mark Sue with RBC Capital.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thank you. Jim, recognizing that TV applications are still very early for Gorilla Glass, are there any early feedback from some of the consumers? Is the price premium, something that's resonating? And is there something that Corning might do to kind stimulate the TV application? Or do you think it just kind of takes a little bit of time?
James Flaws: I have no retail feedback. I don't expect these televisions actually to be in a big-box retailers until the month of May. You can see them on some online services, but I have no retail information. In terms of what we can do, we're looking to see what we can do to help promote these when they finally get to retail, and support it with our Gorilla campaign, but beyond that, that's all we're doing.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And maybe in terms of framing it for next year, should we kind of take the several hundred million that we thought this year and might think about that as an opportunity for next year?
James Flaws: It's just so hard for us to judge right now. I mean, we're at the stage where we've got to find out whether consumers like these TVs. They're really beautiful. They obviously are more expensive, but we'll have to see. It's just too early for us to judge what the impact is going to be next year. We're hopeful, but I think we'll all have some information by the time we get to the July call and see how well they're selling.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That's helpful. And Jim separately, the strength in Telecom, is some of that related to catch-up from delayed projects, particularly maybe in Europe? Or do you think the strength is limited to the beginning of new carrier projects, which points to sustainability?
James Flaws: Well, I'd say catch-up may not be the right word. It may be that there were projects that we had previously expected in Europe as we went through the financial crisis, didn't start when we thought they were going to, and we are now seeing that. So some people view that as catch-up. We just view it as -- it's great, the people are finally doing the Fiber-to-the-Home projects and they feel confident enough about it.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That's helpful. Thank you, and good luck, gentleman.
James Flaws: Thank you.
Operator: And next, Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: So just a question on competition first. Has the earthquake in Japan at all changed the competitive dynamics? Have you seen your competitors perhaps hobbled in ways that you haven't been? And related to that, can you talk about what the factors have been behind your apparent significant share gains in the market, in Display market over the last, I would say, 2 or 3 quarters?
James Flaws: So on the latter on share, this was clearly our strategy once we had enough capacity again to try and get back with our large customers what we had lost when we had the problems. The original earthquake and the original power outage. So we've always thought that we would be able to gain some share points back, and once we had capacity, and that's what we're able to do. Relative to competition, in Japan, we have not seen any material disruption as a result of either of our competitors having any problems. I think both have announced they had minor issues. We did provide some small Gen glass to one of our customers to make up for something that one of our competitors couldn't supply. But these were very tiny amounts. So basically, I think that our competitors are continuing to operate, and we're not seeing any advantage given to us as a result of that. And frankly, I just have to say, we don't wish damage on anybody as a result of the natural disasters.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Thank you. And then in terms of FX, can you clarify what you're assuming in terms of FX, Japanese yen to the U.S. dollar for your second quarter guidance, please?
James Flaws: Well, we basically assume where we exit the quarter, that's what we assume for the going forward quarter. We're not the greatest at predicting the yen exchange-rate. So we just use the average for the most recent quarter and predict that again for the second quarter.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Got it. So you're not really reflecting the recent strengthening of the Japanese yen over the last couple of weeks?
James Flaws: Well, the yen has -- if you look over the month of March after the earthquake, the yen went from basically JPY 82 down to JPY 76, and up to JPY 85 and now it's back to JPY 82. But basically, the average in quarter 1 was JPY 82, it's JPY 82 today, so that's what we used.
Operator: And we'll go to Ajit Pai with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A couple of quick questions. The first one, I was just looking at your Specialty Materials segment. Before the slowdown and before Gorilla Glass, the revenue run rate of that business was I think close to about $400 million. So right now, just to get the semiconductor capital equipment market and the other sort of end market that has served outside of Gorilla Glass by that business, do we expect that business to come back to those prior levels of '06, '07? And then the $1 billion of potential Gorilla Glass on top of that, so you're looking at about a possible $1.4 billion, and whether that's in 2011, or 2012, can you give us some color as to how to think about the non-Gorilla Glass side of that business?
James Flaws: So the non-Gorilla part of Specialty Materials, it's very much driven by the cycle of semi-equipment as what you've talked about. But clearly, that potential does exist. We're not as quite as bullish as some people are on the semiconductor cycle, but definitely that potential could exist.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. The second question is just looking at your very solid balance sheet, and the 2 sort of mid-sized and small acquisitions to the overall operations that you have as a company have made in Telecom and then in Life Sciences, could you give us some color as to whether that's -- going to continue to be an active part of Corning strategy going forward, and whether the size and the scale of operations is going to be similar and what's going to drive the kind of companies you'd be looking at?
James Flaws: So we expect to be very active from an acquisition point of view, but the size could vary. Two places that we are looking, primarily are Life Sciences and Telecom, but the size could vary. There's nothing imminent, but we're working very hard to see whether we can improve the growth in sales and profits of the company by adding acquisitions to our innovation.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And the last question would be looking at your emerging technologies, both the reactor technology side, as well as your portable technologies. These are areas that we've been discussing now for a while. So could you give us a progress report over there, any kind of milestone over the next 12 to 24 months that we can expect from these businesses?
James Flaws: I don't have any update on the reactor business but in the photovoltaic area, I think we'll be able to give you an update in the quarter 2 call.
Ajit Pai - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you, so much, and congratulations on a great quarter.
James Flaws: Thank you.
Operator: And that will be a follow-up from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Jim, can you comment on what percent of your LCD glass output is now XG Slim, and where do you expect that to be at the end of this year?
James Flaws: Sorry. Wamsi, we're not giving out the percent but it definitely has been moving up each quarter.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Would you say it's the majority of your shipments now?
James Flaws: No, definitely, it's not.
Kenneth Sofio: Jim?
James Flaws: Just a couple of closing comments from me. First of all, from an Investor Relations perspective, we'll be presenting at 3 conferences in the next few weeks on May 16, we'll be at the JPMorgan Technology Conference in Boston. On May 23, we'll be at the Barclays America's Select Conference in London, and on June 2, we'll be at the Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in New York City. Just a couple of quick follow up comments, we are absolutely delighted with our position in entering Q2. We had a great first quarter based on broad-based strength. Over my 38 years at the company, it's very rare for us to have all of our segments pulling in the same upward direction. Second, we're very pleased about the Display industry, in total, being cautious about inventory building in Q2. In the last 5 years, whenever the industry overbuilt inventory, it always started in Q2. Third, we're very happy about our Environmental segment making progress and improving gross margin, and we believe this segment will be big contributor to Corning. Fourth, Gorilla demand remains very strong. And lastly, we are making excellent progress in building our new businesses such as photovoltaic, and we plan on discussing our progress in this area in the summer. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today and will run till 5:00 Eastern Time on Wednesday, April 27. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 199110. Audiocast is also available on our website during that time. And John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Sofio - James Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Finance Committee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank Brian White - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Inc. Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Results. [Operator Instructions] With that being said, I'll turn the conference now to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Sofio. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Corning's Third Quarter Conference Call. This morning, Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will start the call with some prepared remarks and then go to Q&A. These remarks do contain forward-looking statements and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed on our company's SEC reports. Jim?
James Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. This morning we released our results for the third quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. We have posted accompanying slides online as well. Here are the key messages you will hear today. First, our third quarter segment results were in line or better than revised guidance we provided on September 14. Telecom, Environmental and Specialty Materials sales all exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Telecom sales were up 5% sequentially, driven by strong fiber-to-the-home and private network demand. Environmental sales were up 13% sequentially, driven by stronger auto and diesel demand. And Specialty Material sales were up 26% driven by Gorilla Glass and Advanced Optics. Second, our Q3 results did benefit from a stronger yen-to-US dollar exchange rate in the quarter. Our free cash flow was $208 million in quarter three. For the first three quarters, our free cash flow now totals $1.2 billion. Glass volume in total for our wholly-owned business and SCP declined 8% sequentially, which was in line with the overall glass market. Worldwide retail sales of LCD televisions, with the exception of the United States, continue to be strong in the third quarter. Inventory levels at the panel makers and for the supply-chain in total have improved. For the entire supply chain, we believe there are about 17 weeks of inventory exiting the third quarter, down from 18.5 weeks entering the quarter. We saw a modest increase in utilization rates at the Taiwanese panel makers in October, which in turn resulted in a modest increase in demand for our glass. We believe this was in response to improved panel inventories and expectations for strong holiday retail demand. We are forecasting panel maker utilization rates to remain modestly higher the remainder of Q4 in comparison to the low point last quarter, which was in September. However, there is the possibility rates could be lower on average for Q4 versus Q3. As a result, we expect worldwide glass market volume could be flat to down slightly in the fourth quarter. We expect fourth quarter volume at both our wholly-owned business and SCP to be in line with the overall glass market. Worldwide glass demand remains on pace to hit 3.1 billion square feet this year. Our glass price declines may be more pronounced in the fourth quarter versus prior quarters. And lastly as a reminder, the fourth quarter is typically a weaker seasonal quarter for several of our businesses including Telecom. Now let me go to the details. Our third quarter sales were $1.6 billion, a 6% decrease from the second quarter and an 8% increase from a year ago. Our Q3 sales benefited from changes in exchange rates by about $45 million versus Q2. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 45% in Q3 compared to 48% in Q2. The decline was a result of lower volumes in our Display segment, which offset higher margin performance in Telecom, Environmental and Specialty Material segments. Gross margins included $20 million in Gorilla-related startup costs at Shizuoka. Please note, we did not record this as a special item. And as a reminder, our Q2 results also included $25 million in startup costs at Shizuoka. Operating expenses on a dollar basis were basically flat quarter-to-quarter. Other income declined from $65 million in Q2 to $2 million in Q3. The decline was primarily due to a $30 million loss on a retirement of debt. During the quarter, we issued long-dated bonds at very attractive rates, and we repurchased bonds with higher coupon debt. The loss was incurred on the tender of that debt and was treated as a special item in Q3. Our results were also negatively impacted by about $20 million in pretax foreign exchange loss in the quarter. As a reminder, we hedge monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated nonfunctional currencies. Gains and losses from these activities show up in our P&L. Exchange rates were very volatile in Q3, and our hedges can not always be perfectly matched to the movement in the underlying exposure. In any quarter, we can experience incremental gains or losses due to foreign currency movements. This quarter, those losses totaled $10 million. In addition, we incurred about $10 million of incremental onetime losses that are attributed to two large intercompany transactions related to our decision to repatriate $1 billion from our non-US locations in November. The loss stems primarily from market rate movements between when the dividends were declared to when we can get the underlying notion amounts completely hedged. While we understand placing a perfect hedge on these types of transactions is difficult, it couldn't have been executed more effectively. We do not anticipate this to repeat going forward. Our equity earnings were $504 million in the third quarter, an increase of 6% over the second quarter. Our tax rate was 3% in Q3. Net income excluding special items was $808 million in Q3 compared to $916 million in Q2. Net income benefited by about a penny from the change in exchange rates, including the impact in balance sheet and unhedged repatriation. Our share count for the third quarter is 1.58 billion shares and consistent with the second quarter. Now I'd like to turn to the segment results for the third quarter, and I'll start with Display. Third quarter sales were $645 million, 23% lower than Q2. Volume at our wholly-owned business was down about 25%, and glass pricing was down in line with previous quarters. Sales benefit from this change in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate, which averaged 92 in quarter two and 86 in quarter three. Display gross margins declined in the third quarter due to lower volumes. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD Glass business were $386 million in the third quarter, increase of 9% from the second quarter. Volume was up about 5% and pricing was down in line with previous quarters. SCP results also benefit from the change in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate. For your modeling purposes, SCP's third quarter LCD sales were $1.2 billion, an increase of 9% over the second quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP's total sales, which include the CRT glass and other products. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain starting with retail. Retail demand in Q3 was good across all major products: notebooks, monitors and televisions. I'll start with TV retail data. Worldwide LCD television unit sales at retail were up 33% in July and 25% in August. We don't have complete data to provide worldwide growth figure for September. In China, LCD TV unit sales were up 23% in July, 8% in August and September was up 23%. A lower year-over-year growth rate in August was likely due to consumers waiting for September holiday promotions. We believe the September growth rate was driven by strong holiday sales. These holidays fell between September 20 and October 10. Our data indicates about 5.5 million LCD televisions were sold during the Mid-autumn Festival and National Day holidays, which was in line with our expectations. In Europe, LCD TV unit growth was strong post the World Cup, up 13% in July and 14% in August. We do not have final data for September, but preliminary estimates indicate it was around 10% growth. Japan continued to post significant year-over-year growth rates. July was up 53%, August 69% and September was up 80%. Again for a market that was first to adopt the LCD televisions and where more than 90% of all televisions sold each year are LCDs, these are very impressive growth rates. we believe the echo point program and a faster replacement rate is driving much of this growth. Plan on sharing some of the data from our consumer study on this topic at our investor meeting in February. In the United States, sales were down 3% in July, down 11% in August and down 8% in September. We believe the lack of retail promotions during these months was a contributing factor. LCD televisions are still a very price-elastic product. One needs to look no further in China for proof consumer there waited for the holiday sales promotion to make their purchases. Retailers here in the United States are planning significant holiday promotions later this quarter, so we expect to see some year-over-year unit growth in November and December. In developing regions, converging Asia sales were up 79% July and 59% in August. South America sales were up 82% in July and 80% in August. We do not have September data yet for either. In summary, we have no change to our forecast of approximately 185 million LCD TVs shipped this year, which would be an increase of 28% over last year. Moving to monitors. Sales continue to be on track with our forecast, although back-to-school demand was weaker than expected. Our data is based on shipments of the top nine monitor brands, which make up 70% of the worldwide monitor market. Year-to-date sales are up 5%. In the Notebook segment, which includes traditional notebooks, net books, slates and tablets, our data is based on top five ODMs, which make up about 75% of the worldwide notebook market. Year-to-date shipments were up 29%, slightly higher than our forecast. I'd like to discuss the supply-chain inventory levels, starting with the panel makers. Utilization rates at the Taiwanese and Japanese panel makers hit a low point for the year during the month of September. In July, the first half of August, utilization rates were above 80%. In September, most of these large size pads were running less than 50%. This was not true for the green panel makers who ran at 90% or higher throughout Q3. Our production levels were down. Panel shipments were up slightly, led by shipments of LCD television panels. This led to panel inventories falling to what we consider to be a healthier level at the end of Q3. The average inventory levels at the Taiwanese panel makers reached six weeks in July and August but ended the quarter between four and five weeks. As a reminder, this is the average of all the Taiwanese panel makers. Some had more inventory and some had less. Looking at the entire display supply chain. There are approximately 18.5 weeks of inventory heading into the third quarter. We now believe that we're about 17 weeks of inventory at the end of the quarter. I'll have some more of our fourth quarter expectations for panel maker utilization rates and supply chain inventory levels in our outlook section. Now moving to the Environmental segment. Sales in the third quarter were $208 million, an increase of 13% sequential, which is much higher than our expectations. We continue to see very strong demand for light-duty filters, driven primarily by the Euro 5 regulations. The good news is that we had more capacity to meet this demand this quarter. As a reminder, Euro 5 was a filter forcing regulation for all the model platforms this year. As more new models come to the market, this generated additional demand for our light-duty filters. Our total diesel sales were up $14 million this quarter. Looking ahead to 2011, all models, new and existing, will be required to have a filter. For the gasoline auto market, worldwide demand remains robust. Worldwide auto production this year is estimated to be about $70 million, which equates to a 19% growth rate versus last year. We saw continued strong demand in Q3 to support this level of production. Improved manufacturing in auto businesses in the quarter allowed us to reduce the amount of products shipped via air resulting in higher gross margins. In the Telecommunications segment, third quarter sales were $464 million, up 5% from Q2 and higher than our expectations. Net income in the Telecom segment was $41 million in Q3, up from $30 million in Q2. We're very pleased with the segments results compared to last year. And while sales were up 3%, net income almost doubled. This is a testament to the segment's strong manufacturing performance and reduced cost structure. Sales increased across most products and markets. Demand increased for fiber-to-the-home products in North America and Enterprise products globally during the quarter. This more than offset the expected decline in fiber sales in China. Regarding a higher Enterprise sales, we're seeing both a stronger overall market and increased demand for our solutions. Market growth is being driven by increased data traffic from smart devices, growth in cloud computing and companies investing in IT to increase productivity. We have also seen significant customer interest in our Pretium EDGE solutions for the data center market. The demand is so great that conversion from our standard offering to Pretium EDGE is happening much faster than we planned. For Elite Telecom, I'd like to add we're very encouraged by the results from the national election in Australia in September, where the Labor Party who supports the deployment of a national broadband network won the election. If the project goes forward, it could be a significant opportunity for Corning. The network will reach 10 million homes, connecting 90% of the population with 100 megabits per second service. Sales in our Specialty Materials segment were $159 million in Q3, an increase of $33 million or 26% versus Q2. Increase was primarily due to strong demand for Gorilla Glass and advanced optics. As you're looking at the profitability of Specialty Materials segment on this slide, I want to remind you that we are recording the startup expense for TV cover glass manufacturing in this segment. Q3 we incurred another $20 million in startup and other construction-related charges at Shizuoka. In Q2, the startup costs were $25 million. I'm very pleased to report that we are already producing Gorilla Glass for television covers on the converted equipment. Gorilla Glass sales are currently on a pace to be about $250 million in sales this year. Have some updated figures to review this morning. Gorilla Glass is now used by 23 major brands around the world as a cover material for handheld and laptop applications. Our glass has been designed in more than 240 different models, more than 140 of these products are in the market today. At least another 90 will be in retail in the next six months. In terms of units, there are now more than 200 million with Gorilla Glass in use worldwide. Think about that, 200 million units, there's a good chance you, hopefully, own at least own one product that has Gorilla Glass. Lastly, we are also receiving some very interesting requests for Gorilla outside of consumer electronics. Requests are coming from auto, appliance and architectural industries and could provide even further revenue opportunities for us. Needless to say, we remain very excited about the future for Gorilla Glass. In Life Sciences segment, the sales in the third quarter were $125 million and consistent with the second quarter. Gross margin and net income were slightly lower, reflecting integration costs from the asked Axygen acquisition, as well as project costs associated with the new distribution center in China, which we announced in July. Turning to Dow Corning. Third quarter sales were $1.5 billion and relatively consistent with the record second quarter. Silicone demand continue to be very strong, especially in developing regions of the world. Sales at Hemlock Semiconductor were consistent quarter-to-quarter. Dow Corning did true up their effective tax rate in the quarter moving 35% to 40%. As a result, equity earnings declined 13% from $111 million in Q2 to $97 million in Q3. Now shifting to the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $5 billion in cash and short-term investments, up from $4.2 billion last quarter. Of our total cash and short-term investments, slightly more than 50% is located internationally. During the quarter, we issued $700 million of long-dated bonds at very attractive volume rates and repurchased $226 million of the higher coupon debt. Free cash flow was $208 million. Our free cash flow was about $1.2 billion for the first three quarters of the year. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure, and the GAAP reconciliation is on our website. Biggest outflow of cash during the quarter was for capital expenditures. CapEx was $225 million in the third quarter and for the first nine months of the year, it is now $534 million. Based on this levels of spending, our expectations for Q4: it's unlikely our CapEx will hit our previous $1.2 billion guidance from a few months ago. Our estimate for 2010 is now about $1 billion. We have no change to our 2011 estimate of more than $2 billion. I'd like to discuss two housekeeping items that will take place this quarter relative to our balance sheet. First, as I've mentioned in various investor conferences, we plan to repatriate slightly more than $1 billion of our non-US cash in quarter four. In connection with this intercompany rebalancing transaction, we will borrow against our revolving credit facility in November and then repay the loan in early December. SEC rules require us to issue an 8-K given that we're borrowing, although for only a very short period under our credit facility. I don't want any one to be surprised or concerned when we they see this filing. Second, we also plan to call a 100 million bond before year-end. Our balance sheet is in great shape, and we are well-positioned to support our aspirations to grow to be a $10 billion company in the next several years. Moving further down the balance sheet. Inventories increased from $607 million at the end of Q2 to about $712 million at the end of Q3. About half this increase relates to Display inventory, but there was also the impact of foreign exchange. As we've mentioned previously, inventory levels in Display have been very low for the past year. While excess inventory can be problematic, there is a certain level of inventory desired to operate this business at maximum efficiency. At an optimum level, inventory could help us minimize manufacturing costs and cover most unexpected disruptions. So we exited the third quarter close to the minimum level of Glass inventory we'd like to have. Given our expectations for Q4, which I'll cover in a moment, we will likely build some more Glass inventory this quarter. This is probably a good time also to discuss our R&D portfolio. We have two updates. First, we have decided to discontinue our synthetic green laser program. This was a difficult decision for us to make, but one that we felt was necessary. We believe the market opportunity for synthetic green lasers is closing. There has been accelerated advancement on what is known as native green lasers over the past year. While synthetic green lasers may be a viable industry choice over the short term, we believe its lifespan will be limited by native green. As a result, we felt it was not prudent for us to put more R&D dollars into our synthetic green laser program. There will be a charge equal to about $$0.01 of EPS in the fourth quarter, half of which will impact R&D and the other half gross margin. I have some good news to report also. About a month ago, Corning and Earlacon [ph] the world leading manufacturer of end-to-end and film TV solutions, announced a world record 11.9% conversion efficiency in the laboratory using Corning's glass on a research size silicon tan himself. We're very pleased to about this milestone. We continue to feel very good about our chances of making portable play Gas a viable new business for Corning. Now under our outlook. We expect our sales and EPS to be lower in Q4 compared Q3, due primarily to normal seasonality in Telecom and lower Glass pricing and display. We start with Display. We saw a modest increase in utilization rates at the Taiwanese panel makers in October. We believe this is in response to improving panel inventory levels and expectations for a stronger holiday retail demand. Our Glass demand forecast is based on the assumption panel maker utilization rates remain modestly higher for the remainder of Q4, in comparison to the low point last quarter, which was September. While we're expecting utilization rates to rebound in Q4, we are unsure at this time whether it will reach the level they were prior to the inventory correction. Admittedly, the fourth quarter is usually the most difficult for us to forecast given the specific market dynamics that take place this time of the year. Regarding the overall glass market, we expect market volume to be flat to down slightly quarter-to-quarter. For Corning, we expect our combined glass volume for our wholly-owned business and SCP to be in line with the overall market. We plan to continue to run all our Glass operations at full capacity to build some additional inventory. Regarding retail, we expect demand to remain strong in the fourth quarter, driven by heavy holiday promotions on LCD televisions, especially in the United States. We are modeling a significant amount of inventory to be pulled out at the supply chain during the quarter from retail to consumers. As a result, we anticipate supply chain inventory could fall to 16 weeks to 16.5 weeks exiting the year. Glass price declines at our wholly-owned business and SCP are expected to be in the mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. This is more than previous quarters and reflects the current imbalance of Glass supply and demand, which is causing pricing pressure from our customers. The fact that panel prices on certain panels have approached cash costs of some panel makers is also creating additional pressure. At Telecom segment, we expect fourth quarter sales to be about down about 10% comparison to the very strong third quarter. This decline is consistent with the seasonal decline we had seen in previous years. We expect sales in the Environmental segment to be consistent quarter-to-quarter. Expect light duty diesel demands to offset normal seasonal declines in auto. In Life Sciences, we expect sales to be up 5% sequentially as normal seasonal declines will be offset by full quarter sales from the newly acquired Plaslab. Specialty Material sales are expected to grow 10% to 20% sequentially, driven by Gorilla Glass. we anticipate Gorilla Glass sales to exit the year on a run rate of about $450 million, driven entirely by handhelds and IT products. At Dow Corning, we expect quarter four equity earnings to be down about 5% due primarily to the fixed cost drive from our new China facility. Moving to the income statement. We expect our Q4 corporate gross margin percentage will be lower than Q3, driven by the higher price declines in Display and the lower Telecom volumes. SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales will be higher due to lower sales. SG&A will be around 17% and R&D around 10%. Investors should note that movements in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate influence our results. For your modeling purposes, for every one point move in they end, our sales and net income move about $10 million. The net income impact includes SCP, where a stronger yen could also improve their results. And finally regarding our Q4 tax rate, we expect it to be between 2% and 3%. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you Jim. John, we're ready to take some calls.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first on the line is Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Jim, your thoughts on why the worst may be over, as it relates to production thoughts, panel maker utilization rates, adjustments and also the price cuts to clear the inventory. Do you think the cuts in investments were quick and deep enough? Is the initial retail data showing firming trends pointing to strong holiday demand or is it more extrapolation of historical trends? In essence, do you feel it might be a little early for utilizations to be increasing from the Taiwanese panel makers or can we trend line higher utilization rates for the rest of the year and into 2011?
James Flaws: Mark, it's always difficult for us to forecast Q4 utilization rates. I think the month of December is the most difficult month for us to predict. I can tell you that October utilization rates were improved in Taiwan, and the order rate for November reflects that continuing. I would not say that we would characterize it as too early because we did see panel maker inventories decline. What we do need to see worldwide is good retail demand and lowering the inventory that exists at the set assembly level on our model. But I will stress that the increase in October was a lot versus the low point in September. But remember, it was not back to where it was in July and August.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Historically, Jim, can you remind us when things are probably bottom in terms of inventory weeks? Is it at 16, 15 weeks?
James Flaws: Our model actually, we have seen as low as 13. At that level, which was coming out of the pulldowns last year. We think that results in a lot of out of stocks. We think a more normal operating range is 15 to 20. As it approaches 20, that's too much inventory. As it gets to 15, you approach out of stocks. I think we would be delighted at the supply chain exited this year at around 16 weeks. Our model shows between 16 and 16.5.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just on the repatriation of the $1.1 billion, are there any tax implications for that?
James Flaws: The tax implications are actually positive. And that is way, you may recall, we announced in April that our tax rate was going from 10%, down to 2% to 3% for the year. We're required to even thought the repatriation was occurring in November, once we decided that basically had to accrue at that rate for most of the year. So it was actually a very positive event for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just wanted to follow up on the repatriation question and ask, there are people with notable business leaders like John Chambers talking about changes to the repatriation laws that they expect to happen after the election. I wouldn't be sure and I know, but I just wonder for a timing point of view, are you guys saying that you don't believe that, that is worth waiting for and you're going to go ahead now? Can you just kind of help us understand why you went ahead with it now and didn't wait to see what came through on the legislation?
James Flaws: We made a decision in April on this repatriation that's actually more favorable to us than anything that's being proposed in Congress. And Also there was no point on waiting. So this one has something we've planning for a number of years and we've structured such that it related to a very positive benefit to our accrued tax rate. So there was no reason for us to wait. I want candy cap what's going to happen in Congress. Obviously, we generate cash overseas, and we'll work to take advantage of whatever legal structure exists in 2011 and beyond.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then also I wonder if you could help us understand, it sounds like there's pricing pressure from the suppliers or from the people actually buying the glass, the panel manufacturers. And I wonder if you can help us understand the linkage between that and demand. So if demand did weaken further in Q4, would you expect further pricing pressure to be that much more exacerbated? Or do you think pricing is kind of as bad as it can get at this point?
James Flaws: We don't anticipate much different from what I outlined with our price declines in mid-single digits. I mean, we're one month into the quarter, we've met with a lot of our customers and walked through all the pricing. So clearly, that's a changed statement from what we experienced in prior quarters. I don't think we expect to see much difference. We have not done anything on pricing for next year. And I think it's premature for us to do that until we all see how demand exits the year and what the supply chain looks like.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was just trying to get a feel for the linkage between demand and the pricing. So if demand did worsen, I know you don't expect it to at this point, but if it did, do you think the guys would come back to you for even greater price breaks? Or do you think that pricing would remain relatively stable even in the worst demand environment?
James Flaws: Our expectation is that it remains similar. The biggest price pressure really is what's happening to panel prices because that's what drives a lot of the pressure on us and our competitors. In some cases, panel prices have gotten the cash costs and we have seen some panel makers refuse to take orders at that level. So we're not anticipating anything significant change from the pricing guidance we've just given even if demand turns out to be a little bit weaker.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Brian White with Ticonderoga.
Brian White - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: When we look at the TV market in the U.S., Jim, we have five months of year-over-year declines, pretty easy comps for at least two or three of those months due to the digital upgrade last year. What does that tell us maybe about the penetration rate in the U.S.?
James Flaws: I think it's difficult to judge on the penetration rate. I mean, penetration rate in terms of annual sales, I mean LCDs remain still about 90% of all televisions being sold. In terms of the effect on the install base, I think it's a little hard to make a judgment on that based on just five months worth of television sales. As you've heard me say a number of times, the period of time, May through August, is a normally not a television season. You can always tell this by looking at advertising. People don't promote a lot of televisions during this period of times, and frankly, consumers are not as interested in televisions in the U.S. market. This has been historically true for a long time. But we do find that there was clearly a changed statement that occurred this past summer in the United States. We saw the effect of the higher panel prices earlier this year. We saw very little promotions during this period of time. And in general, I think there's a sense that the U.S. economy was weaker during this period of time. But it think it's premature to draw a perspective on what the impact is on the ultimate penetration on the install base.
Brian White - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: And when we look at China, up 8% in August, up 23% in September, and if we look back a year ago, we saw rates above 64%, up 75%. I know China has a big subsidy program so obviously pulled in some orders. What are your general views on kind of the trends we should think about in China over the next 12 months?
James Flaws: I think one of the things that you have to keep reminding when you compare this year versus last year is even in China, penetration rate in terms of the number of televisions being sold for LCDs is approaching mid-80s this year. So the fueling of the growth rate from the penetration change is ending. So we will fall to a more normal year-over-year kind of growth rate, and that's driven by what the pricing is and what kind of promotions that exist. And obviously the economic environment, the Chinese government represents. We were not expecting growth rate through any of those astronomical levels in China forever. We are expecting to see excellent growth in China again next year.
Operator: The next question's from CJ Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I guess first question on pricing. I guess, can you share a little bit in terms of what the mid-single digits mean? Is that 4% to 6%, 5% to 7%. And I guess also, importantly there, are you starting to see having to give a little bit of the benefit to your customers in terms of migrating more to thinner glass?
James Flaws: Moving to thin glass has not been a significant portion of our Glass yet. Clearly, we will give some of the benefit to them in terms of that move and they're aware of that, but that's not a significant part of the demand. A mid-single digits means that's, and I won't give you more detail on it. But it definitely is the mid-single digits, and we are expecting that to be helping both our base business and in SCP.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: And in terms of the price negotiations, has that been fully set across all gen lines or that's to be continued in terms of negotiating?
James Flaws: I believe we're pretty much done with all our customers and on all the generations.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: And then as a follow-up, on the gross margin side, I guess, can you talk a little bit about what transpired for the Display side, clearly with the benefit of FX helping? And then what kind of trajectory we should see there for Q4? And whether there's anything we should be thinking about in terms of the build of inventory and the implications to display gross margins going forward.
James Flaws: Okay, so as a reminder on FX, FX doesn't change the margin percent because we're translating both the sales and the cost of sales. The Display gross margins were down in Q3 versus Q2, even though we continue to run all our facilities. And the primary reason is because we sold 25% less glass and at the very, very high margins we have. Even though we had pretty lousy inventory, we didn't get the benefit of the sales against the very low cost of making a product. So that is the biggest driver in the down Q3 versus Q2. We will be down in the Display business in Q4 versus Q3. And in that case, the down is only really driven by price because we're saying we expect our volume to be either flat or maybe down just slightly. we're not expecting another steep downdraft like we incurred in Q3 versus Q2. But we feel fine about our Display gross margins. Obviously, a little disappointed that the supply-chain gyrations caused us to have a slightly higher price decline in this upcoming quarter. You may recall me saying early in the year, we certainly had hopes as people build inventory that this wouldn't lead to a quarter where we had to have more pricing pressure, but our hopes were misplaced. But in terms of how we're running and our cost and as soon as demand picks up, the margins will go up. In terms of the inventory we're building, we feel very comfortable with the level we're building. To the degree we feel it gets too much then we can just switch a tactic Gorilla faster than we would otherwise, and that's, again, good for us because frankly, we've been shorting the Gorilla market.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: What tax rates should we assume for 2011, any change there?
James Flaws: The tax guidance, no change. We're still expecting it to move up close to 20%. Obviously, we're very focused on what's happening in Washington. There are a number of things that could have an impact on us. We would love to see the Tax Extender Bill that's been put forth a couple of times go through. That could lower our tax rate by over 3%. And obviously, we continue to work on other programs that maybe could lower it. But for your guidance right now, I would use the upper teens.
Operator: And next we'll go to Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: It looks like Specialty Materials, the gross margin was up sequentially. Can you comment on how the Gorilla gross margin did sequentially? Did it also increase by similar amounts? And would we expect that to also continue in the fourth quarter since we expect Gorilla Glass to be up sequentially?
James Flaws: I'll speak about Gorilla Glass, excluding the Gorilla TV cover charge that occurred in both quarters. Our gross margins on the Glass we're selling to IT and handheld improved in Q3. We're starting to reach the point where I would say we're delighted, and there's a lot of smiles on this very new product that we're getting very high gross margins on the Glass the alone. We hope to have that continue, maybe jump up a little into Q4. And we're frankly just delighted by the IT and handheld Glass portion of the business and the gross margins are just going up very well for us. And we're expecting strong demand against next year, and we'll be making some of this on larger tanks, which should hopefully drive our costs down even more.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: I believe the revenues so far do not include any TV sales. Can you update us on where that stands? And does the margin then take a hit back down? When do you start selling it to TV application and maybe if you could just revisit the outlook next year? I think earlier, a couple of months ago, you mentioned that the business could be up to $1 billion next year given sometime has gone by, can you give us an update on that.
James Flaws: We will ship small amount of TV cover glass in quarter four, but it'll be very tiny. The margin on TV cover will be lower and therefore, the degree that that's a large sales next year, it will harm Specialty Materials compared to Specialty Materials on a margin percent basis, which just IT and handheld alone. How big the cover glass number is, is very dependent on, frankly, the strength of the television market and particularly upper end TVs. We've said we believe that could be a several hundred million dollar business. I think compared to our earlier expectations of getting to a $1 billion, I think it's still possible. It requires cover glass to be success. Frankly, compared to our original expectations, I think we know think handheld and IT will actually be stronger than what we originally expected. So I still think we have a shot of making $1 billion even if cover glass doesn't do as well in television. But we're delighted by the margins on IT and handheld. Our cover glass will be difficult for us in the beginning. It's very hard to make these very large pieces. But again, we expect it to be positive, and hopefully, as this business matures, we'll move up in gross margin.
Operator: And we'll go to Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: On the pricing environment, Corning has long stated about their disciplined pricing environment of kind of down 2% to 3%. One would think with only three to four industry suppliers and Corning's leading market share, you could maintain keeping discipline down 2% to 3%. So the question is around, one has to wonder if down mid-single digits, is that actually starting to become the new norm, especially since we haven't seen any additional capacity come on from the China expansion yet? Or do we think the more disciplined pricing could come back into the equation in the future beyond Q4?
James Flaws: I think it's a little premature to decide if this is a new normal based on one quarter. What drives the pricing pressure for us is when there is a gap between us and our competitors. They cannot get too large. And at the level of glass demand that's occurring right now, there is excess glass capacity. So as much as we'd love to be able to stick to our strategy of the rates you were talking about, we can't do that in an environment where there is excess glass capacity, and there clearly is now against what the industry had in place relative to what the possibilities have been earlier this year on the market growth. I don't think this has to become the new normal. I'm not going to give price guidance for next year at this point in time. But clearly, it's our desire to try and help the glass industry to have lower price decreases than what we're experiencing this quarter. But I think it's premature to declare that this is the new norm.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: If demand exiting Q4 and sell-through wasn't what you expected, would you look at lowering utilization or actually lowering pricing again?
James Flaws: I think what we would do is switch more of our capacity to Gorilla and then it's premature for me to say what the pricing environment is going to be under that scenario. A lot depends on what our competitors do at that point in time. But I think if demand is lower, what we'll do is switch to Gorilla earlier than we had planned.
Operator: And we'll go to Steven Fox with CLSA.
Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: First of all, on your unit outlook, can you talk about any influence, positive or negative, of the Chinese New Year next year is having on unit production of your customers? And then secondly, you highlighted on the fiber side, debated demand is strong and your competitive advantages. I was wondering if could just go into some more details on why you're picking up share in the data center?
James Flaws: On the ladder, it's really our Pretium EDGE solution for data centers in terms of the space and the ease of labor installation. It's really the advantage that we think we have there. On unit demand for the Chinese New Year, we've not heard a lot. We've had some commentary from a few of the Chinese television manufacturers beginning to talk about their expectations for that and making sure they had inventory. For that, that may be playing in some want to the Taiwanese panel makers thinking, because as you know, a large portion of television panels going through China have come from Taiwan. But I don't have much marketing input right now about the New Year in terms of plans.
Operator: And we'll go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On your capacity utilization plans into the first quarter. Clearly, you have built inventory here in Q3 even if panel inventories have come down, and then you're expecting the same in Q4 as far as increasing glass inventory even if panel inventory has come down. Do you see any scenario, if demand is disappointing in the fourth quarter, where you might actually have to take off-line in the slower first quarter or do you think that, that scenario is pretty much off the table at this point given that you can repurpose some of that capacity for Gorilla?
James Flaws: I think it's unlikely that we would take anything off-line. I think that most likely is that we will convert more tanks to Gorilla. Then we are planning in quarter one to begin converting some of the large capacity to Gorilla. I think the only thing that would change the statement would be advancing some of that a little bit.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: When I look at your $2 billion CapEx guidance for next year, can you give us a sense of how much of that is going at the gorilla versus the display or other? And then also, by how much do you think you'll increase your glass capacity next year based on who that CapEx also taking into account the transition to thinner glass?
James Flaws: I'm sorry. We are not giving out that level of detail on your capacity or CapEx yet.
Operator: And next go to Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you give us a little bit of a preview on how you expect to grow the company to $10 billion over the next several years? I imagine you'll hear a lot of this at the February Analyst Day but just any kind of color would be appreciated.
James Flaws: The things that have to occur for us to get to $10 billion is in the Display business as we know it today. We need to have television demand worldwide continue to grow in the areas of the world that are not fully penetrated. We define full penetration in an annual basis to be around 90% for LCD. So what we call emerging areas is not there yet. We need to have that occur. And we need to have television demand reflect a stronger replacement rate than what existed under the CRT era. And then we need to continue to see good IT demand as we go forward. But we need to see Display continue to grow driven by those things. Second, and speaking to our existing businesses, we need Environmental to have the diesel business fulfill it's fruition. We think we're beginning to see some of that take place as the number of trucks have started to increase. And we're confident that we can manufacture the product better, and we'd like to have a big diesel business. We're still trying to get it to be a $500 million business in 2012. And so that's got to happen. In Life Sciences, we have a goal to make it to be a $1 billion business. Most of that growth will come from acquisitions. You've seen us do two deals in the last two years, and we expect to continue to grow by acquisition. We need to have Gorilla be a homerun, which we think is on its way to become, driven clearly by IT and handheld. And we think we'd like to see our cover glass business develop. But it looks like Gorilla is turning out to be a homerun and if that continues to play out, that's very important. And lastly, we need to get something out of our new business efforts. And although green laser is now turning out to be a disappointment, we continue to have good hopes for photovoltaics and a closely related to gorilla but probably likely to be slightly different as we get some growth out of architectural or automotive on strengthened glass. If you put those things together and they come together and FX behaves, I believe we have prospects to get to $10 billion.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: Other income, would you expect that to rebound to more traditional levels at about $50 million per quarter in the fourth quarter?
James Flaws: It will definitely rebound up whether it gets exactly the 60, I'm not sure. But we definitely don't have the debt tender. The call we're doing in the fourth quarter has no charge, and I'm hopeful that we have no FX issues.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: And then lastly, why aren't you anticipating to see a little more of a rebound in the wholly-owned business and display given the relative underperformance in the third quarter? I would expect to have seen a little bit more of a snapback in the fourth quarter there. Relative to the overall industry.
James Flaws: Our wholly-owned business services primarily the Taiwanese, Chinese and the Japanese panel makers. And until they raise utilization rates that would deliver that, it's not going to have a big snapback. And there's been nothing about their utilization rate and order rates communicated to us that they would do that. I think some people focus on their area shipment numbers. And again, a reminder, because of the fact that they can reduce inventories, they could be shipping more than what they're taking from us. I can tell you is if turns out that they're going to run higher, we'll be to be happy to supply them the glass because we'll have.
Operator: And next, we're going to Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: On utilization rates in Taiwan and Korea, it seems those are beginning to converge a bit. Can you read through that, that in the fourth quarter incrementally Display volumes or all your volume business be up a bit and the SCP down a bit?
James Flaws: It's possible that, that could occur. Clearly, there has been a slight pullback in Korea, which we didn't experience before. So it's possible that we may do a little bit better in the base business than what we're seeing in SCP. I mean our guidance for both of them are similar but frankly, that could easily occur.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then can you give us some insight into the gross margins in your environmental business. You said in the past there's a lot of leverage there. Directionally, I know you don't give too many details but directionally, can you give us a sense of how much gross margin improved there in the third quarter and how much room is there for gross margin to continue improving next year?
James Flaws: I don't have the exact numbers right in front of me in terms of the gross margin improvement versus, I think, probably improved about 4%. The Auto business catalytic converters is back to its historical levels in the mid-40s. Obviously, the challenge for us is in the diesel opportunity, and we think there's a lot of room to move. Our light-duty filters today have good gross margins. They can get better. Our heavy-duty business has terrible gross margins, but we believe that we can get them up also. So as airfreighting ends and as our manufacturing performance improves in diesel, we expect to see the overall segment gross margins move up as we marched through 2012 when we expect the diesel business to finally hit the sales we've been hoping for.
Operator: And we go to Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Just on the Gorilla Glass, you mentioned bigger tanks, should that improve margins on that closer to the LCD glass margins as we look at next year? And what's the company, the landscape on the Gorilla Glass?
James Flaws: Well, we do expect to improve gross margins in the Gorilla Glass on the glass alone for IT and handheld. We're not expecting it to get all the way to the LCD margin. But we think we'll all be very happy with the margin level, particularly going to larger tanks does help. In terms of landscape, the competitive landscape is wider than it is for LCD glass because we have to compete. You can't have strength in the soda line. We now have a competitive or product from one of our LCD manufacturers in the specialty glass. We never expected to have this deal all to ourselves, but we continue to believe that we have leadership in terms of performance in this area.
Operator: That will be from George Notter with Jefferies.
George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I would love to ask a couple of questions on Gorilla Glass. When you look at your ability to ramp, your capacity there, how long does it take to convert traditional tanks to Gorilla Glass? And then when you think about next year and the capacity you're driving towards, was that fairly well in line with demand or is it likely that there will be some excess demand out there and you're not able to fulfill all the orders that you'd like?
James Flaws: We don't give out the glass change over time for competitive reasons, but it's not a long period of time. I think what you're starting to see in the Gorilla business and you'll see more next year is that business is getting large enough to where Gorilla can have dedicated tanks to it that don't have to change a lot. Up until now, the Gorilla business has been primarily in Kentucky older and smaller banks and we had to do a lot of changing around. As it gets larger and we have dedicated large tanks running it all year round, that's a positive advantage to us and we don't have to go through these changes. But they're are not very large. Your second question was?
George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just on your ability to meet demand next year. Would you expect that with the capacity you're planning, is that aligned with the demand you see or is there still some differential there?
James Flaws: I would say that we're getting closer to being in balance for next year, simply because we've taken steps to provide more capacity to the Gorilla business. Wendell would say that he still thinks he could sell more. So I think we'll have to see where we stand at the end of the first quarter, but I think there's more upside than downside in gorilla. Just a quick couple of closing comments. In terms of investor events, we're going to be in Toronto on November 3, and we'll be hosting an open luncheon for investors. If you're interested in attending, please contact our Investor Relations department. Second, our next formal presentation will be at the Barclays Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 8. And we hope to see many of you there. And lastly, we have a formal date for our Annual Investor Meeting in New York City. It will be on Friday, February 4, starting at 8 a.m. and ending around noon. For details and to register for the confidence, please log onto our Investor Relations website on corning.com. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you jim. Thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today, will run to 5:00 Eastern Time on Monday, November 15. To listened, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 174406. Audio webcast won't be available on our website during this time. And John, that concludes our call this morning. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Sofio -  James Flaws - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Member of Finance Committee and Member of Executive Committee Wendell Weeks - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian White - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Corporation John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Inc. Second Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now with that being said, I'll turn the conference over to the Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Sofio. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to Corning's Second Quarter Conference Call. This morning with Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, will lead the discussion. Joining me will be, Wendell Weeks, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements and they fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We have these risks detailed in our SEC reports. Jim?
James Flaws: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we released our results for the second quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. We have posted accompanying slides online as well.  In summary, we're very pleased with our second quarter results as they exceeded our optimistic expectations. I'll start with the highlights. Second quarter was a tremendous quarter as we posted record net income and earnings per share. EPS before special items was $0.58, that's $0.06 higher than the first quarter.  All segments experienced year-over-year sales in net income growth in all but one segment increased sales sequentially. Gross margin increased from 47% in Q1 to 48% due to higher volumes and very strong manufacturing performance in both Telecom and Display.  Our Display segment had an excellent quarter. Volume in the base business was up more than 10% sequentially and higher than expected. LCD TV retail sales have continued to exceed our expectations. Telecom had an excellent quarter as well. Sales were up 21%, sequentially driven by very strong fiber-to-the-home and also private network demand.  Specialty Material sales increased 31% sequentially, led by a very robust Gorilla Glass sales. Gorilla Glass sales are currently on pace to be approximately $250 million this year.  Free cash flow was exceptionally strong in Q2, $536 million. For the first half of this year, free cash flow is slightly over $1 billion. Looking ahead, we believe that third quarter has the potential to be another strong quarter for Corning. So let's get to the details. Second quarter sales were $1.7 billion, 10% increase from the first quarter and a 23% increase from a year ago. Our Q2 sales were negatively impacted by changes in exchange rates by approximately $27 million compared to Q1.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 48% in Q2 compared to 47% in Q1. This improvement was the result of very strong manufacturing and higher volumes in Display and Telecom. Our gross margin did include $25 million in Gorilla-related startup costs at Shizuoka. Please note we did not record those costs as a special item. Excluding those startup costs, our gross margin would have been over 49%. Regarding OpEx, we were pleased with our level of spending this quarter for both SG&A and R&D. Other income of $65 million in Q2 consistent with Q1, and equity earnings were $474 million in the second quarter compared to $469 million in Q1.  Our tax rate turned out to be 3.5% in the quarter which was slightly higher than we had forecasted. Net income, excluding special items, was $916 million in Q2 compared to $818 million in Q1. The negative impact from exchange rates was about $0.01. Our share count for the second quarter was 1.58 billion shares and consistent with quarter one. So let me dive into Display. Second quarter sales for the segment were $834 million or about 7% higher than Q1. Volume was up more than 10% and price declines down slightly. Sales were slightly negative impacted from a change in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate which averaged 92 in quarter two versus 91 in Q1.  Display gross margins expanded in the quarter due to higher volumes and improved manufacturing performance. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD Glass business were $353 million in the second quarter, an increase of 3% from the first quarter. Volume was up more than 5% and pricing was down slightly. For your modeling purposes, SCP's second quarter LCD sales were $1.1 billion and consistent with the first quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP's LCD sales only. Our public filings report SCP total sales, which include CRT glass and the other product sales.  Now I'd like to turn to discussing the supply chain and I'll start at retail. Retail demand in Q2 was strong across all major products; notebooks, monitors and televisions. I'll start with the television retail data. In the past, the worldwide retail growth rates we provided were the summation of the top four regions of the world, North America, Europe, Japan and China. While our television forecast of 177 million had included all regions of the world, the previous worldwide monthly growth rates had only been the total of the four major regions. We are now able to track emerging Asia and South America, and so we're adding those to our worldwide monthly growth rate data. Developing regions such as these will be responsible for a significant amount of worldwide growth this year and beyond. For this year, we expect about 23% of LCD televisions to be sold in these regions. Using our new worldwide measure, LCD television unit sales at retail were up 42% in April, 34% in May. We don't have the complete data for June yet to provide a comparable worldwide growth figure for that month.  In Europe, television growth was very strong, 20% in April, 34% in May. We don't have a final data for June yet but our preliminary estimates indicate it was also in the 30s, so again very strong. We think May and June demand may have been driven partially by the World Cup but we don't have specific data to point to.  In Japan, April was up 44%, May, 29% and June, 35%. These are all very strong growth rates, particularly May and June. As a reminder, the echo point program started last May so this is the first year-over-year apples-to-apples comparisons of LCD TV sales since the program started.  For a market that was first to adopt LCD televisions and were more than 90% of all televisions sold each year are LCD, these are impressive growth rates. We believe a faster replacement rate is driving much of this growth. In China, LCD television unit sales were up 72% in April, 23% in May and 38% in June. The higher April growth rate was likely due to sales that were pulled ahead of the Labor Day holiday, we believe retailers there now begin promoting LCD televisions early, similar to how it's done here in the United States for Black Friday. The blended growth rate for April and May was 42%, in line with our expectations, as was June which was at our optimistic level. In the United States, sales were up 10% in April but down 7% in May and down 10% in June. The year-over-year declines in May and June were likely due to the tough comparisons to last year, which is when the second and final round of the digital conversion occurred. As a reminder, May and June are typically lower volume retail months for televisions in the United States. We have the first two weeks of July, one week was up and one was down. Obviously, the U.S. television market has not been as robust. We think one of the contributors has been the lack of promotions during this time.  In the developing regions, emerging Asia sales were up 59% in April, 70% in May. South America sales were up 138% in April and 155% in May. We don't have the June data for either of these regions yet. And for your models, the monthly worldwide growth rates for LCD television unit sales, including emerging regions, were 23% in January, 45% in February and 47% in March. Now turning to monitors, sales continue to be on track with our forecasts. Our real-time data is based on shipments of the top nine monitor brands which make up about 70% of the worldwide monitor market. Year-to-date sales were up 12%.  For the Notebook segment, which includes traditional notebooks, netbooks, slates and tablets, our data is based on the top five ODMs which make up about 75% of the worldwide notebook market. Year-to-date, shipments are up 50% and higher than our forecast. We now expect LCD TV unit sales in 2010 to be 185 million, which will be an increase of about 28% over last year. Our notebook estimate has also increased and is now 213 million units, an increase of 25%. Our forecast for monitors remains the same at 184 million.  Retail data points are very strong and support our belief that the market is trending towards our optimistic case outlook. This should bode well for glass demand but as always, we need to think about the supply chain inventory levels. So I'll turn to that topic now. We measure the number of weeks of inventory in the supply chain, at panel makers, set assemblers and at retail. We believe that between 15 and 20 weeks of inventory in the supply chain is reasonable. At the end of Q1, we believe they're about 16 weeks of inventory. Investors with good memories our preliminary number for Q1 had been 17 weeks but our final number is 16, which we had concluded was reasonable heading into the second quarter.  We also told you that inventory levels may expand in Q2 as a supply chain prepares for seasonally stronger second half. We believe this happened. Our preliminary models indicate they were roughly 18.5 weeks of inventory heading into Q3. I'll provide some more color on the supply chain in our outlook discussion. One comment on panel pricing. As you know, we view panel pricing as the canary in the coal mine. The panel prices are up, stable or even down moderately. We believe it's an indication that panel demand continues to be strong, suggesting strength further down the supply chain. Panel prices have been declining for most of the second quarter. These declines have been very moderate and in line with our expectations. We expect to see panel prices to continue to decline at a moderate measured pace throughout the third quarter. Moving to the Environmental segment, sales in the second quarter were $184 million and down slightly from an extremely strong first quarter, due primarily to changes in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate and slightly lower auto volume.  In Telecom, second quarter sales were $441 million, up 21% from Q1 and stronger than our expectations. There were sequential sales increases in all product categories in all geographic regions. In particular, we saw a very strong demand for fiber-to-the-home and private network products in North America during the quarter. Compared to last year, Telecom sales were fairly consistent. Excluding divestitures, year-over-year sales were up 4%. Private network sales were up over 50% from last year which were mostly offset by a 34% drop in fiber-to-the-home sales year-over-year. The drop in fiber-to-the-home sales was not unexpected, given the planned slowdown by Verizon.  Now sales in Specialty Materials were $126 million in Q2, an increase of $30 million or 31% versus Q1. This increase was primarily due to strong demand for Gorilla Glass in advanced optics. Gorilla sales are currently on pace to be about $250 million of sales this year. We recently reached an agreement to supply cover glass on LCD televisions. It should result in several hundred million dollars of additional sales in 2011. As a result, we believe Gorilla Glass has the potential to reach $1 billion of sales next year. In Q2, we incurred $25 million in startup and other construction-related charges at Shizuoka to prepare it to make Gorilla Glass for television covers. There will be additional costs in Q3 but they'll likely be lower than the Q2, and we expect to begin manufacturing later this quarter.  In Life Sciences segment, sales in the second quarter were $125 million, up 6% versus the first quarter.  Turning to Dow Corning, they had record sales and income in the second quarter, driven by strong silicon and Hemlock sales. For your modeling purposes, second quarter sales were $1.55 billion, an increase of 14%. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were $111 million, consistent with the first quarter. As a reminder, the first quarter had included a one-time tax gain of $21 million. Excluding this, our Q2 equity earnings were up 22% sequentially. Silicon demand continues at a very high level and the strongest in developing regions such as China and Latin America. Hemlock's been running well and running at full capacity. In polysilicon, spot pricing has been stable.  Now turning to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $4.3 billion in cash and short-term investments, up from $3.9 billion last quarter. Free cash flow was $536 million and much higher than we expected. For first half, our free cash flow was about $1 billion. As a reminder, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and the GAAP reconciliation is on our website. I'd like to discuss what we're doing with some of these cash. Hopefully, you saw our two CapEx announcements from last week.  In summary, we're adding capacity in many of our businesses to be prepared to capture a significant amount of future growth. In China, we're expanding our auto substrate plant. We're also building a new manufacturing distribution center for Life Sciences. And we are adding a new melting and finishing factory for our LCD business.  In total, we're preparing the company to be in a position to capture significant new sales opportunities over the next four years as we strive to get Corning to the $10 billion sales level. As a result, our capital spending will likely to be closer to $1.2 billion this year versus our previous estimate of $1 billion, and looking ahead to 2011, our capital spending will likely to be at least $2 billion. We're also looking at our debt obligations coming due over the next several years. As you know, we have what we call a clear runway strategy. Simply put, we would like to avoid significant debt maturities over the near-term, usually the next three to five years. In the past, we've proactively reduced our refinanced near-term debt obligations, and given the current low or attractive interest rate environment, we may do so again this year.  So now turning to our outlook. As I mentioned at the beginning, we believe the third quarter has the potential to be another strong quarter for Corning. We expect the glass market to remain robust in comparison to the very strong quarter two. In Display, we expect our total glass volume to be consistent with the very strong second quarter. Volume at our wholly-owned business will be likely to be flat to down slightly. While at SCP, volumes should be up slightly. We anticipate glass price declines at both our wholly-owned business and SCP to be similar to the previous quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we believe the amount of inventory in the total supply chain heading into Q3 was at 18.5 weeks. This is inventory at panel, makers, set assemblers and at retail. It's been our experience to date that between 15 to 20 weeks is a reasonable range. Supply chain inventories fall below 15 weeks. We notice out-of-stocks, grows about 20 weeks, we notice the industry moves to a more severe supply chain correction. We think milder utilization cutbacks by panel makers will help the supply chain from building too much inventory heading into Q4. We have already received some changes from panel makers. We believe this is very prudent, rational decision, to prevent inventories from climbing too much.  We do not think the utilization changes reflect retail market concerns. This is based on the retail data we have to date. The amount of products that were shipped from retailers to consumers for all applications in the first half was up significantly. In Q1, the year-over-year increase was 24%, in Q2 it was 29%. If this pace continues which is what our forecast suggests and the supply chain takes a prudent view of its inventory levels and moderates production levels accordingly, we do not expect to see an overbuild of inventory in the supply chain heading into Q4. Now turning to Telecom, we expect third quarter sales to be flat to down slightly in comparison to the very strong second quarter. We expect our sales in Environmental Life Science segments to be consistent with Q2. And especially Materials, we anticipate Q3 sales to be up 25% sequentially, driven by Gorilla Glass.  Dow Corning, we expect to Q3 equity earnings to be down slightly. Moving to the income statement, we expect our corporate gross margin in Q3 will be consistent with Q2. SG&A and R&D, as a percentage of sales, will be consistent quarter-to-quarter. Investors should note that movements in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate influence our results. For your modeling purposes, every one point move in the yen, our sales and net income moves by about $10 million. The net income impact, including SCP, where a stronger yen will also improve their results. Regarding our Q3 tax rate, we expect it to be between 4% and 5%. Given our Q2 performance and our expectations for Q3, our total profit outlook for 2010 is more positive today than it was a few months ago. We expect to be earning more money this year, so we think this will lead to an average tax rate to the year of 4% to 5% versus our previous estimate of 2%. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim. And John, we are ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, with the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Is your sense that panel inventories may decline from 18.5 weeks as we move in from 3Q and into 4Q just as we extrapolate the supply chain data? And with utilization rates starting to decrease, how should we start thinking about sequential display volumes in 4Q for both you and Samsung Corning Precision and should we also extrapolate the thought that pricing will still be normal as we finish 2010?
James Flaws: So we're expecting our pricing to stick to our strategy so we have no reason to think that we'll be moving off of that. And we expect that glass sales will be fine heading into Q4, assuming that the very strong year-over-year demand at retail continues. I just want to remind you that the 18.5 weeks I gave you, was not just panel makers, it includes set assembly and retail and actually the majority of the inventory and supply chain as opposed to panel makers.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And Jim as we start thinking about 2011, there’s some investor thought that eventually, that the demand for display will stop suddenly. Maybe if you could just give us your big picture views of kind of what your early thoughts are for 2011 and attrition-wise and growth-wise?
James Flaws: So we don't believe the demand base LCD glass is going to stop suddenly at all. We believe that we will continue to see good demand led by television, particularly as emerging regions continue to grow very rapidly. We expect that the IT market will continue to be strong, and we believe that television demand and established television markets will continue to grow, particularly as we start to move into replacement cycles. As I indicated in my remarks, we think Japan is the leading edge of this. We're now having sold significant number of televisions for most of this past decade. We're seeing very strong growth even excluding the echo point program, and we think that a replacement cycle will be shorter for LCD televisions and CRTs. So we're not looking for any sudden halts in growth in the base LCD business.
Operator: Our next questions from Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: First of all, Jim, if the Gorilla Glass business does hit $1 billion next year, can you talk about what kind of margin profile it would have at that kind of run rate? And would it be incorrect to look at the historical gross margin profile of the LCD business as it ramped to give us a reflection of what might happen to Gorilla? So that’s question number one. And question two is, can you give some color on CapEx next year, the incremental from this year? How much of that is China expansion versus the Gorilla Glass expansion?
James Flaws: So the margin structure for Gorilla will be below our corporate average in the near term. Our model for our Gorilla business opportunity is the glass portion of the product, should have margins similar to display. But the finishing portion, which can range from simple line exchange to other products such as anti-glare and screen printing will have very low margins. So short-term, you should expect the margin structure for the overall Gorilla to be less than the corporate average. On the finishing processes, these are very new to us and we are working to improve the cost structure of those as we go forward. But we're very confident about the glass portion and some on the handheld items where we've been finishing for a while, we're improving our costs there. Short-term, Gorilla will be below our corporate average. I'm not prepared at this stage to give out details on the capital spending for next year driven by individual projects. As we get closer to the end of the year, we'll break the out spending. But China, in general, is a large portion of our CapEx next year as we will be spending on the Display factory, the Environmental factory and Life Sciences.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick follow-up. That was good color on the Gorilla margin. Do you think that if the business gets to the $1 billion target next year, it would still be below corporate average, given the lower margin on the incremental processes? Or do you think there's a chance that you can improve the margin there so that it can get to corporate average?
James Flaws: Well, it will not be at the corporate average.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you help us on what your assumptions are to get to the $1 billion in 2011 for Gorilla Glass, perhaps in terms of what sort of penetration rate you're assuming in your TV assumption for 2011? And how much of that $1 billion will come from TVs versus say, smaller-sized applications and tablets?
James Flaws: We're not prepared to break out that detail at this stage.
Wendell Weeks: I think the way you should begin to think about Gorilla is in two pieces. The fundamental jump being where we've continued to be doubling every year since we have been at this, the setting around with the touch interface. So if you want to get a feel for sort of the fundamental growth rates in that piece of the business, handheld and IT, then what you want to get an opinion on is how fast do you believe and what do you think the penetration will be of touch interface into our electronic devices, and that's something you can gather up a lot of opinions on. For me, I believe that is continued to be one of the most significant trends in Consumer Electronics and will continue until almost all devices have a touch interface in some way, shape or form. So we feel very good about how early we are in the stages of penetration there. And then there's another piece that’s begun to enter which is that from the design standpoint and from a functionality standpoint, Glass offers some tremendous advantages, specially our very strong glass versus plastic. First, it's a very authentic material, right? Next, it is much more damage-resistant, especially to things like scratches. It's more transparent, both to light but that then for equates to images, especially things like 3D images and it's also RF transparent, very unique. Finally, from a design standpoint, you have to understand that the thermal properties of glass. It has both a much higher heat capacity as well as a higher thermal conductivity and that's why when you touch glass, it's cool to the touch and it stays cool when it's in your hand because it doesn't warm. So all of those things also establish another drum beat in the business which is that of design. That, in our own engineering way, is much harder for us to predict and give a firm guidance on. So that's going to be a little bit of let's get some more experience. You will begin to see it around you, these borderless design TVs, other devices that I'm not at liberty to talk about at this time, and then you'll be able to get your own feel and opinions.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you help us with the gross margin in the Display business for the next quarter? You're ramping Taichung in Gorilla Glass', you spoke about higher inventory at the end of the 2Q, and your guidance of flat volume shipments which would imply some sort of quarter-over-quarter decline in gross margin in Display. Is that the right way to think about it or is there any other specific offsets that you would point to?
James Flaws: Our gross margins will be very strong again in the quarter. I won't give you any more specific numbers than that but you shouldn't expect big changes either way.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fox with CLSA.
Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: First of all, from a standpoint of looking at the panel industry, you seem to be suggesting a pretty diverse change in behavior going into the second half of the year. Is there anything you can point to that gives you confidence that the panel makers are going to behave responsibly over the next few months in order to keep inventories down? And then secondly, just the explanation around Gorilla Glass was very helpful but just curious, it seems like the Gorilla Glass market obviously has to be driven next year a lot more by TVs and we were expecting. And so is that something that we should start seeing in the first half of the year, second half of the year? How does that sort of play out qualitatively?
James Flaws: So I'm not sure what you meant by diverse by the panel makers but we believe the panel makers are beginning to trim utilizations very moderately as we speak. We have already received some notices of pullbacks both at SCP and our in wholly-owned business, and I think, for example, a panel maker announced results last night in talking about trimming very moderately. So we think that's all very appropriate to pull back just a little. I mean, the percentages are very tiny but we think that's appropriate. So we would say it is responsible and in line with inventories and what's happening in the market.
Wendell Weeks: So, I think what you're picking up in terms of the acceleration of the growth rate it is indeed to the television covers are helping that. Basically, what we've been running on is this business continues to double, and what we're seeing a potential to do next year, it's not in the bag but the potential to do next year is we're doubling our doubling rate. And with that doubling of our doubling rate is my brand new app., which is borderless TV design and the applicability of Gorilla to that borderless design. New app, new product and you should expect to see that product and that application go with our customers' normal new model launch dates.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Brian White with Ticonderoga. Please go ahead.
Brian White - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: When we think about the [indiscernible] (39:56) program that you announced this morning, you said it would be several hundred million in revenue in 2011, which equates to about 16 million units. Is this with one customer or multiple customers?
James Flaws: We've announced just that we have an agreement with one customer. We have the potential to have other customers.
Brian White - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: And then on the glass pricing, it sounds like the decline in September quarter, you expect to be consistent with June quarter. Just remind us, when panel makers are cutting utilization and they discuss excess inventories, do they typically come back for greater price cuts or do they stand still versus previous quarter?
James Flaws: I have to say that panel makers ask us for price declines basically everyday, whether they're cutting or raising utilization. So there's no consistent behavior related to their output. I would just say, we're sticking to our basic strategy. We expect to have similar in Q3 versus we had in Q2. I'd just like to emphasize, I want to make sure people are not reading too much into these moderation utilization cuts. As an example, one panel maker talked about going from like 97% to 94% utilization. They're really very tiny cuts. Don't take this as a huge statement of change.
Brian White - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: I know, Jim, it's just a directional change. That's why people get concerned.
Operator: And next, going to C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I was hoping you could talk about the impact of the adoption of thinner glass at your customers and what impact that will have, if any, incrementally, to ASPs and gross margins as you look to Q3 and Q4?
Wendell Weeks: I think the way to think about thinner glass is on a timeframe that is more than quarter-to-quarter. You are right to focus on thin glass. It is going to be, over time, one of the more significant trends in display. It matters to customers. It matters to our customers' customers. And what it does for us is it increases our degree of competitive advantage to the industry because of the way in which we happen to make it. It also provides us excellent opportunity to reduce costs. So we would view it as being a good thing relative to gross margins over time and relative to our competitive advantage. Remember, in these businesses, our gross margins are already very, very high. So talking about improving them is perhaps not as important as being able to maintain these very high levels. And then, we'll be very much a part of that, you're right to focus on it. More to come but it's just not going to happen overnight. These are significant product changes, significant long-term trends.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: When you look at your models and your customers slightly lowering their utilization rates, where do you see inventory kind of ending up in aggregate exiting this quarter? And I guess, as part of that question, can you talk about expected linearity of glass shipments within Q3 and when you think maybe we could see an inflection point the other way on the positive side?
James Flaws: So we expect supply chain inventories to peak at the end of Q3 and will be coming down in Q4, obviously driven by the very strong retail pattern that occurs in the fourth quarter. We would expect that if weeks of inventory were right about the seasonality of the year-over-year growth at retail, being continue the strong rate that we've seen, we expect next year to be an overall growth rate for the glass market. And I won't call the exact quarter of what it's going to be, but we expect next year to be a growth year as long as we're right about the worldwide economies.
Operator: And next, go to Rod Hall with JP Morgan.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I wanted to first of all, follow up on inventory and just ask, can you give us the absolute level, then, to inventory exiting Q2? And then, can you talk also on inventory about where you think what level and number of weeks we peak at in Q3 as we move through that quarter? And then, my second question is with regards to CapEx. I'm just wondering -- I mean, CapEx is accelerating a lot. I know you guys, it sounds like you're factoring in continued recovery in the global economy but we do have some questionable trends in terms of consumer confidence and so on, and I just wonder if you can talk a little bit about how much of that additional CapEx, maybe the $2 billion for next year, is committed? And how much you would have flexibility to pull back on if things did slow down?
James Flaws: So, first of all, our view is that we've never been able to tie consumer confidence directly to LCD purchases, when there have been dips before. So the only slowdown we really have seen, as I mentioned in my comments, is really United States televisions. Bu we're expecting to see good growth again for Gorilla and for LCDs next year. The capacity we're putting in the ground is really for 2012 by and large. The Chinese television market continues to grow very nicely. We don't expect to see any reversal of that growth. But clearly, these are big capital expenditure programs, and we always have the ability to moderate the rate of spending. So if we're wrong on this, we'll stretch out the capital. I doubt we would cancel it. We made that mistake in late '08 and actually have been harmed by not having capacity since then. But we certainly could stretch out the capital spending quite a bit. But against what we see in LCD, what we see in Gorilla, what we see in the China car market, we are pretty confident about the places we're investing and why we need the capacity. So we feel pretty good about that. In terms of your first question on inventory, I'll just say that we expect -- we ended at 18.5 weeks by our estimate at the end of Q2. We expect that we will not exceed the 20-week measure in Q3, and then the number of weeks of inventory begins to decline.
Wendell Weeks: Let me just add a little bit on the capacity piece from a strategic standpoint which is, one of the things we've tried to do with our flat glass adjacency programs, like Gorilla and photovoltaics [ph] (47:26), is over the long period of time, we're derisking our capacity investments because we're developing multiple uses for the assets. This allows us to feel even more confident that we'll make use of the capacity as we do a really good job of market development in these other areas where very high valued uses of glass. So we feel better now, I think, than we have in a long time.
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: If we think about a more cautious scenario -- just because we like to do scenario planning on this end of things, and I guess you guys do too, probably -- but would we be thinking just a couple hundred million of flex on the CapEx next year? Or would it be more than that? I'm trying to get a feeling for how much that CapEx could be stretched if you decided to do it?
James Flaws: How much it could be flexed down? Is that your question?
Rod Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. How much flex down you might have if you were to get into it because it sounds like, as Wendell said, there is a strategic need to have more capacity going out into the future. So even if we saw an economic downturn, you would probably want to continue to build. So I'm just wondering, would flexibility on CapEx and your definition equate to a couple hundred million? Does it equate to $500 million? Just trying to get a feel for how flexible that number is.
James Flaws: $500 million.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Looking back at your Investor Day, you kind of laid out kind of how the year is going to progress according to plans for glass shipments of Q2 glass shipments being down, then Q3 up and then Q4 down. Obviously, time has progressed and we know more information now, and Q2 was much stronger-than-expected volumes, and Q3 now flat off a higher base. Can you help us understand how it all shakes out for kind of Q4 your production plans? And then my follow-up question would be -- there's really no mention on solar update yet. A few months ago, you were shooting snowballs and hale pieces at the services which sounded quite interesting, but now there's kind of literally no mention at all during the conference call. Has your solar efforts been delayed or tabled? Or what's the status on that?
James Flaws: So the chart we showed at the Investor Day was not our production. It was the glass market overall. Our production, if that's the question you're asking, is we're going to continue to run our production full-out through the remainder of the year. We would still desperately like to rebuild a little bit of inventory. Obviously, we've gotten wrong twice in the last six months' cycle of the quarters. You may recall, in quarter four, we thought Q1 would be down and Q2 up. And then as we got to the beginning of the year, we thought Q1 would be up, Q2 down. As it turns out they were all up sequentially. And so we don't get it precisely right in terms of the sequence. We think we've been more accurate about the end market. So we're thinking that there'll be a -- quarter three will be a very good quarter for the glass market overall. It will vary a little between Korea and the base business, but coming off of the very strong quarter two combined with my enter [ph] (51:12) utilization cutbacks, and we're expecting Q4 to be a good quarter also.
Wendell Weeks: And on photovoltaics, I mean, how much good news can you guys take in one small period of time? I still feel good about photovoltaics and watch the space. More progress, things are doing good.
Operator: And we go to John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Dow Corning up 22% in earnings sequentially and up 14% in sales sequentially. Do they have their own Gorilla Glass project ramping up? Or how do you explain that kind of sequential improvement?
James Flaws: Well, Hemlock contributed nicely in Q2. Silicones are doing great. We're seeing strong demand around the world. They are having to deal with start-up costs of their China facility which is ramping now. But even that has been, I think, a little less of an impact in what we originally expected. So silicones are going great. I think, if I recall at the top of my head, China sales this year up 48% first half versus first half. But even in North America, silicone sales were up. So of course, we regard Dow Corning in total as like a Gorilla to us. So we're very happy with them and they're doing great.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Secondly, Jim, do you have any thoughts on the 2011 tax rate? It should be a normal year. I don't know if your guidance you gave back that at the investor center about normal tax rates changed in light of some of the mix here or the capital spending in Gorilla Glass ramping?
James Flaws: Well, my ability to forecast tax rates is not that great, as a number of investors have pointed out, but we're expecting, as I said in the last call, to be around 20%. That assumes that there is no help from the U.S. government on tax extenders, which appears we're unlikely to get. And obviously, the big repatriation benefit we got this year won't repeat. So we're planning around 20%, but our tax department is highly incented to come up with ways to make it lower.
Operator: Our next question is from Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: In regards to Gorilla Glass, when talking about the margin profile at that billion-dollar run rate, you mentioned that it would be below the corporate average. Just to clarify that, are we talking about gross margins, operating margins or a net margin there with equity earnings? Or all three?
James Flaws: So the comment we're making about is for our Gorilla Glass, what is the gross margin or manufacturing margins? What we said is it would be below the corporate average next year, and that is driven by the fact that on the -- primarily on the cover glass -- that we have a lot of new finishing processes that dilute the margin. The glass portion of cover glass will be very strong gross margins. But we will be a little below the corporate average next year for Gorilla Glass but it is gross margins.
Wendell Weeks: And adding to that, to Jim's comment, it is like you would expect for us, the returns, or margins, are closely following those process steps with what kind of capital is required. So glass margins are very good, as Jim said, similar to Display because that is where the high capital piece is. Downstream, we have combination of manufacturing ourselves and outsourcing steps and for those, the level of capital is dramatically less, and margins are also less. And the functionality of those steps tend to be less so they tend to drive a lower price value as well. So it's -- we like the profitability of the business from a return standpoint, and I think a lot just depends on what metric we end up giving you over time. If we're using a gross sales figure, then you think about the gross margins over time as this business grows. We'll think through the right way to give you transparency so that you can tell from which segment it's growing, what type of margins grow within those individual segments. But we're still kind of early here, and I think it just doesn't feel quite so early because the numbers are getting so big so fast, but that has more to do with the explosive growth than it does dealing with how we'll ultimately be able to talk to you about this business.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: And as this market gets larger and we see these numbers increase, can you discuss your expectations for how the competitive environment is going to evolve?
Wendell Weeks: It's early still. We've had a pretty clear runway for a long time with Gorilla. I thought we'd get followed more quickly than we have. But what it's been is a real materials conversion battle. So it's been glass versus plastic, and then high-tech glass versus low-tech glass has been what's dominating the competitive picture. And obviously, that's gone well for us. Now we're beginning to see other high-tech glass players come in, which we would have anticipated earlier. And we feel good about our competitive advantages. But I think now, other people are starting to come into play that will increase the overall category growth as folks begin to understand actually how flexible and durable glass is as a material and I think the real loser here long-term will be plastic and really cheap glass.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: When we think about a second source for some of the products you have in the marketplace, could we see a second source introduced over the next two to three quarters for some of your higher volume applications in Gorilla Glass?
Wendell Weeks: So we've had some second sources already come in from a variety of different levels. And I think you're best off trying to talk directly to those folks. It is like most things that are very high-tech, in glass it isn't hard to figure out some of the very small handful of people who have the capability sets to even begin to play.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: On Dow Corning, the 10% drop in earnings sequentially, is that primarily from the expansion in China? Or was there something else going on there on a sequential basis?
James Flaws: There's a series of small things that add up. There's no one thing that's causing it. So China's part of it. There are some other costs that are increasing but there's no one thing.
Operator: And we will move on to Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: First question is on Gorilla Glass again. The $25 million in one-time start-up costs that you incurred in the second quarter -- will those be repeated in the third quarter or will that be an incremental tailwind?
James Flaws: We will have a repeat of some of the costs. It will be less than $25 million, though.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And then, you said that your utilization should remain basically full-out through the remainder of the year. So I gather from that, that we should expect your inventories to also increase. If so, at what level do you think your inventories are adequately rebuilt?
James Flaws: They're not adequately rebuilt in any of our forecasts. We would love to be able to increase them a little bit more. So there's nothing about the production and market environment as a negative to us in this regard. We would take every piece of glass we could make and put it in inventory. And when those get back to adequate levels, it'll allow us to switch over and make more Gorilla Glass which we could sell more if we could.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Given your CapEx plans for China, what is your view right now on what those CapEx plans imply in terms of share of the Chinese market? Is it going to be about a quarter of the market as it is overall? Or closer to the 50% that you own together with SCP?
James Flaws: The China market, what we're putting the capacity in, in Display is for 2012 and beyond. We expect to have, as the new large-scale panel fabs there ramp up, we expect to sign contracts with panel makers and where we get a contract with them, we'll have very high share. And as we see more approvals there, we'll be able to update you on what our share is. I will emphasize that the Chinese market is very big already, and we have a large part of that, but driven by our imports from Taiwan and Korea.
Wendell Weeks: We always think about us as being much in China as being much closer to the overall family share figure than it is are individually.
Kenneth Sofio: It's time for one more call.
Operator: And that'll be from George Notter with Jefferies.
George Notter - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I was interested in your comments about the retail sales strength for LCD TVs. If I look around your TV prices year-on-year, I think they've been pretty flattish in many markets. We've seen a lack of promotional activity, as you've said earlier in the call. It seems like we really haven't been able to dive down into -- dig into elasticity of demand on TVs. How do you feel about the retail sales strength right now in light of the fact that pricing really hasn't come down? And when we think about next year, do you really need to see 20%-ish kinds of cuts in TV price points in our order to really drive double-digit unit sales in TVs next year? What's your thought?
James Flaws: We clearly have not seen, particularly in this country, that much price promotion. And obviously, without price promotion in what is a slow period of time for televisions anyway, we think that contributes to slow demand. We do think we'll see price declines in the fall. I would remind you, even though we're very pleased by the pace of the panel price declines, they will add up. So over four-month period of time for most of the normal television models, you've seen panel prices descend 10%. So it's nice that it's moderate only 2.5% per month. That's good for the integrity of the supply chain, but ultimately, it'll be good for at retail that that will show up, we think, this fall in lower prices. We do think that as some of the set makers begin to get better at making some of the LED televisions that you'll see price declines on those. And you really haven't seen as much of that yet so we think that will help drive demand also. And lastly, we think replacement rate will help drive demand. So we'd like to see a few more price promotions. We expect we will see that this fall. And coupled with new features, we expect to see demand grow.
Kenneth Sofio: Back to you, Jim.
James Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Just a couple few comments. We think Q2 was a great one for Corning, and we are actually quite upbeat about Q3. We think the supply chain inventory, the moderate utilization cuts, moderate panel price declines and very strong retail demand worldwide bode very well for us. We're delighted by our progress in Gorilla. This business is going to more than triple this year. And if we're right about next year, we'll go up close to 4x. We're delighted about our progress in China in many of our different businesses, and we hope that investors are pleased with our results and our direction. One final administrative note, we will be in Boston on Tuesday, August 3, and we'll be hosting an open luncheon for investors. If you'd like to attend, please contact our Investor Relations department. Ken?
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Wendell. Thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m Eastern Time today, run until 5 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, August 11. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 165308, and the audiocast, of course, will be available on our website during this time. John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Sofio – VP IR Wendell Weeks – CEO James Flaws – CFO
Analysts: CJ Muse – Barclays Capital  Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs George Notter – Jefferies & Company  Analyst for Jim Suva - Citigroup Steven Fox - CLSA Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets John Roberts - Buckingham Research Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer  Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan  Andrew Abrams – Avian Research Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch  
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated first quarter 2010 results. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over our host, Ken Sofio, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ken Sofio:  Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter conference call. James Flaws, Vice Chairman, and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, our Chairman and CEO, will join for the Q&A.   Today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in our SEC reports. Jim?  
James Flaws :  Thanks Ken, good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the first quarter which can be found on our Investor Relations website. We have posted accompanying slides on line as well.  In summary, we are very pleased with our first quarter results as they exceeded our most optimistic expectations. Before I get into details I want to walk you through the key points we will be covering this morning.  Number one, our first qtr performance was outstanding. Earnings per share were $0.52, up $0.08 or 18% from Q4 earnings per share excluding special items of $0.44. Q1 EPS was also up significantly from last year which was just $0.10. We are clearly pleased with the progress the company has made since that time.  Second, we had significant improvement in our gross margin in the first quarter. Quarter one gross margin was 47%, up from 42% in Q4 and 27% a year ago. The improvement was better than we expected and was driven by very strong manufacturing performance and higher volumes in our Display segment. I will have more on gross margin and Display performance in a few minutes.  Third, our first quarter earnings benefited from a much lower tax rate than we had previously forecast. Our effective tax rate was 2% in Q1 versus our expectation of 10%. We expect 2% to be the effective tax rate for the rest of 2010. The benefit of the lower tax rate versus our original expectation was worth roughly $0.04 per share in Q1. I will talk more on the drivers behind the lower tax rate in a moment.  Fourth, we had significant free cash flow in the first quarter. Free cash flow was $472 million. While we have been successful in generating substantial free cash flow on an annual basis, since 2004 our first quarter free cash flow was usually negative. This quarter was the first time in the last 10 years that we have changed that pattern.  Fifth, retail sales of LCD televisions and IT products during the first quarter were stronger than our forecast. As a result, we are raising our 2010 unit forecast for all LCD products. We are also increasing our glass market forecast from the previous range of 2.8-3 billion square feet to 2.9-3.1 billion square feet. This represents glass volume growth of between 18-27% over last year versus our previous estimate of 14-22%.  Sixth, we expect LCD glass volumes at our wholly owned business and SCP to be up in the mid single digits sequentially in the second quarter, separately and in the aggregate. Glass prices are expected to decline slightly.  Lastly, based on the strong retail data in Q1 and expectations for the remainder of the year we believe inventories in the supply chain are at appropriate levels heading into Q2. I will walk you through our model in our Display discussion.  Now to the details. Our first quarter sales were $1.55 billion, a 1% increase from the fourth quarter and a 57% increase from a year ago. Our Q1 sales were negatively impacted by changes in exchange rates by about $17 million versus Q4.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 47.1% in Q1 compared to 42.4% in Q4. This improvement was the result of very strong manufacturing and higher volumes in our display business. Gross margin also benefited from the non-repeat of the $10 million in one-time accelerated depreciation charges taken in the fourth quarter due to the Taiwan power outage.  Regarding operating expense we are very pleased with our level of spending this quarter. SG&A was $235 million or 15% of sales. R&D was $145 million or about 9% of sales. Other income was $64 million in Q1 and consistent with Q4. Equity earnings were $469 million in the first quarter compared to $461 million in the fourth. First quarter equity earnings include a special item totaling $21 million relating to a manufacturing tax credit at Dow Corning. As a reminder, Q4 earnings at Dow Corning also had included a tax valuation gain of $29 million.  Now onto our tax rate. During the first quarter we made the decision to repatriate approximately $1 billion in cash from foreign subsidiaries. We plan on repatriating this cash to the United States later this year. As a result of this decision we are able to use excess foreign tax credits which have the impact of lowering our full-year effective tax rate in 2010 from our previous estimate of around 10% to around 2%. This was also in our tax rate for Q1 and the benefit for Q1 EPS was about $0.04. To be clear, this decision simply moves cash from overseas to the United States. It does not change the total cash balance for the company. I will have some additional comments on our longer-term tax rate in the outlook.  Net income excluding special items was $818 million in Q1 compared to $696 million in Q4. The impact from exchange rates was immaterial and more than offset by a balance sheet hedge gain in the quarter. We hedge our balance sheet against currency fluctuations. This resulted in a gain of about $7 million in Q1. We don’t expect this to repeat in Q2.  EPS and EPS excluding special items were the same, $0.52 per share. There were a few special items in the first quarter but the net impact was only $2 million. Included in the special items are the $21 million manufacturing tax credit at Dow Corning I mentioned earlier. In addition we took a charge of $56 million to reflect the increased future Medicare subsidy tax expense change. This shows in our tax line.  You should note EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Our share count for the first quarter was 1.58 billion shares, consistent with the fourth quarter.  Now let me turn to the segment results for the first quarter and I will start with Display. First quarter sales were $782 million or 9% higher than Q4. Volume was up 12% and pricing was down slightly as expected. Sales were impacted by about $10 million from the change in the Yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate which averaged $0.91 versus $0.90 in Q4. Display gross margin expanded in the first quarter as the higher volumes resulted in improved manufacturing performance. In addition there was the non-repeat of the $10 million accelerated depreciation charges I mentioned a moment ago. The drag on margins from the Gen 10 facility remains small.  Equity earnings from SCP’s LC glass business were $344 million in the first quarter, an increase of 7% from the fourth quarter. Volume was basically flat and pricing was down slightly as expected. The increase in equity earnings was primarily due to a very strong manufacturing performance and non-repeat of some year-end accruals. For your modeling purposes, SCP’s first quarter LCD sales were $1.1 billion and consistent with the fourth quarter. As a reminder this represents SCPs LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP’s total sales which includes CRT glass and other products.  Net income in the display segment which included equity earnings was $703 million in the first quarter, an increase of 14% over the fourth quarter net income of $619 million. As a reminder, display’s fourth quarter results included the effect of the accelerated depreciation.  I would like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain starting with retail. Retail demand in Q1 was strong across all major products; notebooks, monitors and LCD televisions. Worldwide LCD TV unit sales at retail were up 17% in January and 40% in February. We do not have complete data for March to provide a worldwide growth figure for that month. For those regions that do have data it continues to be very positive. As a reminder, worldwide retail sell through is the aggregate of data provided by different data vendors in each of the primary television sales regions; China, Europe, Japan and the United States.  The most significant growth regions were Japan and China. In Japan LCD TV unit sales were up 79% in January, 65% in February and 167% in March. These growth rates were higher than our internal expectations. As a reminder retail sales in Japan have been running in the high double digits since last May and the Echo Point program incentive was produced.  LCD TV sales in March have been even more robust due to clearance sales of models that were not eligible for the new Echo Point specifications starting in April. However, we recognize these higher growth rates may be an indicator of faster replacement rates. Another indicator that a faster replacement cycle is underway in Japan is the significant number of larger size televisions being sold there. In March there were three times as many 40 inch and larger LCD televisions sold in comparison to March of the prior year.  The 40 inch and larger category has been consistently outperforming total LCD television growth during this Echo Point program. As a reminder, LCD TV penetration is already over 90% in Japan. Consumers have been purchasing LCD televisions there longer than in any other country. That is why we are focusing on consumer based studies there to understand if there has been an acceleration in LCD TV replacement rates versus traditional CRTs. This is important to know as Japan could be a precursor to what occurs in other regions. We plan on sharing the findings from the studies with investors in the future.  In China, unit sales were up 53% in January and 167% in February. We do not have the March data yet. As a reminder the Chinese New Year ran from February 1 through 14th this year. Last year the holiday began in January. You need to combine the first two months to have a more accurate picture of the growth rate. In China, January and February combined TV unit sales grew 85% which again was higher than our internal forecast.  Based on this retail data, we believe more than 8 million LCD television sets were sold in the first two months of the year in China versus our expectation of 7 million. It appears that retail sales were very strong during the holiday. We are aware there were some in the industry who had higher expectations. We have seen reports that state there were up to one million sets of excess inventory built. We do not view this number as being significant given the industry expects at least 37 million televisions to be sold in China this year.  In addition, if there had been a significant amount of excess inventory or at least enough to impact the Display supply chain we would expect to see TV panel prices falling in March. I will cover panel prices in a moment but as many of you know TV panel pricing was very stable in March. So in summary, we don’t believe there was an excess amount of panels or set inventory build in China.  In Europe, television unit sales were also strong. January and February sales were up 12%. We don’t have the March data for Europe. In the United States TV sales were down 19% in January, up 19% in February and up 14% in March. As a reminder, last January retail sales were influenced by the first round of digital conversion [inaudible] in February. In addition, Circuit City was liquidating their inventory last January and the Super Bowl occurred one week earlier. So the down 19% was in line with our internal forecasts. Combined, January and February sales were basically flat year-over-year in the United States.  We also have two weeks of April data for the United States television market and they were up 12% versus last year. As a reminder, a significant portion of the growth in LCD televisions this year will be outside of the United States and Europe. We will continue to monitor the week-to-week and month-to-month data from NPD but the region we monitor most closely is China.  Sales of monitors and notebooks have also started the year strong. For monitors our data is based on shipments of the top nine monitor brands which make up about 80% of the worldwide monitor market. In January shipments from these brands were up 31% year-over-year and in February up 11% for a year-to-date growth rate of 21%. These growth rates are much higher than our internal forecasts. We don’t have March data yet.  For notebooks our data is based on the top five ODMs which make up between 75-80% of the worldwide notebook market. In January shipments were up 87% year-over-year and in February up 46%. Year-to-date the growth rate for the first two months is 64%, again much higher than our internal forecast. It should be noted that the monitor and notebook year-over-year growth rates are against a relatively weak environment in Q1 of 2009.  So in summary on the retail side, sales of televisions, monitors and notebooks remain strong. As a result we are increasing our 2010 glass market estimate to a range from 2.8-3 billion to 2.9-3.1 billion square feet. For those who are modeling here are the newer unit forecasts based on the lower half of this new glass volume range. LCD television unit sales are expected to be 177 million versus our original estimate of 171. This is an increase of 22% over last year’s 145. Monitor sales are expected to be 184 million up from our original estimate of 176. Our notebook estimate also increased slightly from 207 to 209 million up 22% over last year.  I would now like to update you on the supply chain inventory levels. To measure the overall health of the supply chain we look at both total square feet and equivalent glass held at panel makers, set makers and at retail as well as the number of weeks of inventory. We believe the number of weeks in inventory may be a better metric as the total end market increases over time. The amount of inventory in the supply chain required to meet the demand should grow also.  We believe between 15-20 weeks of inventory in the supply chain is reasonable. Let me give you some historical examples. In the second quarter and third quarters of 2008 the amount of square feet of glass in the supply chain was between 770-870 million. This represented 21 weeks of inventory. This was too high so the supply chain subsequently corrected. The correction was amplified by the financial crisis. After the supply chain correction contraction in late 2008, inventory levels fell to 630 million square feet in Q1 2009. This represented 12 weeks of inventory which is too low. We saw stock out’s at retail in Q1. The supply chain needed to expand and did starting in Q2.  Exiting 2009 there were 756 million square feet of inventory. This may appear to be reasonable but it represented only 14 weeks of inventory. We believe this may be one of the reasons in addition to the strong retail environment why glass demand was so robust in the first quarter. The supply chain recognized inventory levels were lean and we acted accordingly. At the end of Q1 we believe inventory levels are about 825 million square feet, about 17 weeks of inventory which we believe is reasonable heading into the second quarter.  I have one more display market topic and that is panel pricing. As you know we do panel pricing as the canary in the coal mine in relation to the overall health of the Display supply chain. When panel prices are heading up, stable or even down moderately this is an indication that panel demand continues to be strong and stable which suggests there is strength further down the supply chain. We now have panel pricing data for the second half of April and it was in line with our expectations. We had expected price declines at this time of the year. We have seen TV panel price declines in April and believe it is likely the overall panel prices will decline $3-5 per month throughout Q2 meaning panel prices will remain well above cash costs in Q2.  Monitor panel prices increased modestly in Q1 as demand remained strong. In April monitor prices were down $1-2. Note the panel prices were flat in Q1 and in April but we believe we could see moderate monthly price declines here also in the coming months.  Now I will turn to the Environmental segment where sales in the first quarter were $192 million, an increase of 6% over the fourth quarter. As a reminder we were guiding a sales decline of about 10%. We were also surprised by the strength of auto demand in the quarter. Auto product sales were $117 million, up $9 million versus Q4. Demand continued to be strong throughout the quarter. According to Global Insight, the industry source for auto data, worldwide auto production is now estimated to be 67 million in 2010. This estimate is up from 64 million just a few months ago. As a reminder last year the auto market was 59 million.  Most of the year-over-year growth is expected to be in China but there is also growth expected in the United States and Europe. We believe the stronger than expected auto production levels have placed further straining on the auto supply chain which has been struggling to replenish inventories since last year. As a result we have had to restart production that has been idle and call back workers. In addition demand has been so tight and inventory levels so low for the first time in our history we have had to air freight almost all of our production.  Lastly we are in the process of transitioning our heavy duty production lines to manufacture the new products required under the U.S. 2010 regulations. The cost of all of these actions weighed on the Environmental segment margins during the quarter. We expect the impact of the actions to continue into Q2.  In addition, it is important to note that the current auto industry run rate is about 72 million autos. We don’t believe this pace is sustainable so I would forecast the demand for auto products to ease slightly in Q2. I will discuss Q2 auto expectations in our outlook section.  Diesel sales in the first quarter were $75 million, up slightly sequentially. The increase was due primarily to engine manufacturers finishing engines for last year, ahead of the 2010 regulations. Segment net income was $11 million in Q1 which was lower than [Q4].  In Telecom first quarter sales were $364 million, down 10% from Q4 and in line with our expectations. The decline was due primarily to lower fiber cable sales in China. Fiber to the premise demand was up 7% sequentially. Sales in our fiber and cable products in the first quarter were $190 million, a decrease of 18% sequentially. We believe the lower sequential demand in China in the first quarter was more seasonal in nature. Fiber volume was also up 50% from a year ago. However, as we discussed at our annual investor meeting we still expect the pace of demand to ease later this year with the China market ultimately being down between 3-14% versus last year.  Sales of our hardware and equipment products were $174 million in Q1, consistent with Q4. Compared to the first quarter of last year Q1 Telecom sales were down 5%. The year-over-year decline was primarily due to softer fiber to the home demand. Sales of private networks were higher compared to last year as were fiber and cable sales in China. As a reminder, the first quarter of last year included $9 million of sales in businesses that were later divested.  Segment net income was $8 million in Q1 versus a loss of $19 million in the fourth quarter. You should note the Q4 results had included $21 million in after-tax restructuring charges. We are quite pleased with the operating performance of the Telecom segment given the increase in net income on lower sales. We are now seeing the benefits from cost reduction actions taken last year.  Sales in our Specialty Material segment were $96 million in Q1, down 13% versus Q4 and in line with our guidance. The decline was due to lower advanced optics sales. We were very pleased with the sales of Gorilla glass consistent between the fourth and first quarters. We had expected Gorilla sales in Q1 to be slightly lower given the seasonal demand in Q4. We exited Q1 with a sales rate for Gorilla of almost 170 million in the month of March. We continue to receive requests from many consumer electronics companies as well as others outside of the industry about Gorilla. Gorilla glass is now in 80 different models of handheld and notebook products and we are also very confident we will have our cover TV glass agreement soon.  We are taking steps this quarter to prepare for Gorilla glass manufacturing at our Shizuoka facility. Our Gorilla glass operations in Harrisburg, Kentucky are currently running close to full capacity. As we continue to receive requests for Gorilla glass on new handset and IT models as well as the potential for TV cover glass, the need for additional operation flexibility is required. There will be some costs associated with the preparation of our facility in Q2 which will be reflected in the Specialty Materials segment.  In Life Sciences sales in the first quarter were $118 million and consistent with the fourth quarter. Turning to Dow Corning equity earnings in Q1 were $112 million including the $21 million tax gain I mentioned earlier. There was a tax gain of $29 million in Q4. Excluding the tax gains in each quarter, Dow Corning equity earnings were down about 12% from Q4.  Silicone sales were running very close to previous peak levels in the first quarter but Hemlock sales were about 30% lower sequentially. The decline in Hemlock is primarily due to the non-repeat of the significant one-time sales in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, last quarter Hemlock sold most of its lower grade poly that had been sitting in [inventory]. Hemlock also experienced a manufacturing issue in March that affected sales. This problem has been fixed and Hemlock’s operations are running again at full capacity. For your modeling purposes, Dow Corning sales were $1.35 billion in Q1 compared to $1.47 billion in Q4.  Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $3.9 billion in cash and short-term investments and $3.6 billion at the end of last year. Free cash flow was $472 million and much higher than we expected. Corning usually runs free cash flow negative in the first quarter so we view this as a very positive sign. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and the GAAP reconciliation is on our website.  While on the subject of cash, we are updating our capital spending range for 2010. Our original range was $600-700 million. As I mentioned at our investor meeting in February there is a chance that CapEx could be $300 million higher. I had mentioned what we are already doing for Gorilla capacity. In Display we have also restarted expansion at our Taichung facility that had been halted in late 2008 as a result of the supply chain contraction. As a result of these actions, we now expect our 2010 CapEx to be closer to $1 billion.  Now, I would like to turn to our outlook and I will start with Display. We expect glass volume at our wholly owned business to be up in the mid single digits sequentially in the second quarter. This is on top of the 12% sequential increase we had in Q1. We also expect SCPs volume to be up in mid single digits sequentially also. We anticipate glass pricing at our wholly owned business and SCP to be down slightly sequentially. We expect equity earnings at SCP to be about 5% lower sequentially. The higher volumes will be more than offset by the expected impact of changes in exchange rates as well as the fixed costs of some new capacity that will be coming online. I will comment more on the exchange rates in a moment.  Gross margin in our Display business is expected to expand slightly in the second quarter primarily due to higher volumes. In general, we expect second quarter volumes in the glass industry to be fairly consistent to up slightly compared to the first quarter. This forecast for the Q2 glass market is based upon the lower end of our range. We also have a forecast for Q2 showing the glass market growing more. If this optimistic case occurs we have the capacity to do greater than a mid single digit forecast in both our wholly owned business and at SCP. We expect to regain some share in Q2 at both the base forecast or in the optimist case.  Panel makers are expected to continue to run at fairly high utilization rates. In total we expect inventories in the supply chain to expand in Q2 as it prepares for the seasonally stronger second half. As a reminder, the second quarter is typically the seasonal low point for retail sales of televisions. Longer term, some investors have asked about the likelihood that panel makers will add too much capacity in 2011. Investors should note the panel industry has historically built more capacity than required to meet the true retail end-market demand.  For example, last year end market demand was 2.32 billion square feet but panel makers had capacity to ship 3.3 billion. In 2008 equivalent panel demand was 1.95 billion square feet and panel makers had 2.6 billion square feet in capacity. The same was true with 2007 when panel capacity was 2 billion but the retail demand was only 1.6 billion. So in summary, we believe panel makers may build more panel capacity in 2011 than needed to meet the end market demand. The important question is whether the glass industry will follow. We can speak for ourselves. Our strategy will be the same as it always has been; we are going to add capacity to meet our view of end market demand.  As I mentioned earlier we will be adding some additional capacity at our Taichung facility to meet what is expected to be another year of glass volume growth in 2011. In addition, we are likely to have a decision on the timing, location and cost of adding melting capacity on mainland China soon. However, the China capacity will be to address our 2012 glass volume needs. Capital spending for that project will not be significant until 2011.  In our Telecom segment we expect second quarter sales to be up between 10-15% driven primarily by the higher seasonal fiber and cable demand in both North America and Europe. We also anticipate sales of private networks, fiber to the home and hardware and equipment products to trend slightly higher in Q2. In China we expect Q2 fiber demand to remain consistent with the first quarter. In our Environmental segment we expect Q2 sales to be consistent with Q1. In Life Sciences we anticipate Q2 sales to be up 5% sequentially. In Specialty Materials we expect Q2 sales to be up between 15-25% sequentially driven by growing Gorilla glass sales.  At Dow Corning we expect Q2 equity earnings excluding special items to be consistent with Q1. Silicone sales are expected to be consistent sequentially while sales in Hemlock are expected to increase 25%. These sales gains will be offset by the impact of start up costs of the significant expansion in China.  We are very excited about the start up of the China facility. This is a $1 billion CapEx project which has been under construction for four years. As in many of Corning’s businesses, the silicone market in China will shortly be one of the world’s largest and we continue to have strong growth. This expansion positions us well to succeed in China. I would like to take a minute to say how delighted we are with Dow Corning. The economic recovery is showing strongly in the silicone business. Their new product portfolio is paying off. Hemlock’s new capacity is on track and the solar market is improving both in volume and the stabilization of spot price. All of Hemlock’s customers are current with their pre-phase.  Turning back to the full income statement we expect our corporate gross margin percentage in Q2 will be consistent with Q1 while. We expect gross margin expansion in Display and Telecom it will likely be offset by the one-time costs of preparing Shizuoka for Gorilla glass. SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales will be consistent quarter-over-quarter. Other income will be about $7 million lower due to non-repeated Q1 balance sheet hedge gains. We are expecting equity earnings to be 3-5% lower sequentially excluding the quarter one tax gain at Dow Corning.  We are basing our Q2 guidance on a Yen to Dollar exchange rate of about $0.94 which is roughly where it is trading today. In Q1 the Yen averaged $0.91. For every one point move in the Yen our sales and net income moves by about $9 million. So if the Yen averages $0.94 in Q2 our sales will be impacted by $27 million and so would our net income. The net income impact includes SCP where a weaker Yen also lowers their results. In total, the impact of the weaker Yen and the non-repeated balance sheet hedge gain would be about $34 million in Q2 or roughly $0.02.  Regarding our Q2 tax rate we expect it to be consistent with Q1. In 2011 we are still forecasting our tax rate to be about 20% excluding the benefit of the Tax Extender Bill passing in Congress. If the Extender Bill passes our 2011 effective tax rate would be reduced by about 2 percentage points. As we outlined in February we expect to grow earnings in higher tax jurisdictions such as the United States and Japan which is pushing our effective tax rate higher. Ken? 
Ken Sofio :  Thank you Jim. Operator, we are ready to take some questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of CJ Muse – Barclays Capital. 
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital : In your prepared remarks you discuss the base case in a more optimistic case for Q2 glass volumes and I guess considering how tight glass still is and your visibility today plus some of the public comments we have heard from [LTL] and AUO and your competitor NEG, I am curious why you are guiding to the less optimistic case. Is this just a level of conservatism on your part or is there something else there? 
James Flaws :  Well as you know we tend to be a little more conservative on our guidance. We also are paying attention to the inventory in the supply chain. I would also caution you sometimes people focus only on AUO or LG and you really have to add up all the panel makers to get a forecast of the market. Clearly we could meet the optimistic case. If that is true and the market needs that much we will ship more. 
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital : Can you talk a little bit about your gross margin outlook overall for the company heading into Q2 and the second half of 2010? I know you don’t like to guide forward but is there any reason in terms of Q2 why the corporate gross margin shouldn’t increase given your guide for display gross margins to tick higher? Any other moving parts we should be thinking about? 
James Flaws :  Yes, as I just mentioned we will have some costs at Shizuoka to get ready for Gorilla. So that will probably hold our corporate gross margin to be roughly similar to Q1 in Q2. Without that it would have gone up. We expect display margins assuming we are right on volume and pricing to get better. We expect Telecom to improve as we get more volume. We are quite hopeful that environmental will improve as the year progresses particularly as we stop air freighting and we run manufacturing better. So in general our gross margin outlook is optimistic for the company. Of course at any given time we can have events like the Shizuoka costs but we feel quite good about our gross margin and our manufacturing performance. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: On Gorilla can you clarify what you said about the run rate exiting March? Just trying to understand that better. The second question is given this analysis you showed in terms of the inventory in the channel and 15-20 weeks, what do you do if anything if you see it exceeding the 20 week level some time before the second half begins? Do you do anything or do you watch it? What would be your course of action in that kind of situation? 
James Flaws :  Your first question on Gorilla in March we see strong demand. We are expecting in Q2 Gorilla on an annualized rate could exceed $200 million. So we are feeling quite good about that. On inventory, there is not too much we can do. If our customers keep buying we are going to keep shipping. We will clearly alert you guys if we think inventory has gotten too high as it did in 2008 but we can’t stop our customers from running. We are obviously at very modular capacity and would be prepared to correct if we had to. Frankly if it dipped a little we just put something in inventory because we have almost no inventory right now. Right now, inventory is at 17 weeks. If you take the more optimistic case in our forecast it doesn’t get to 20. 
Wendell Weeks :  It also informs us, one of the reasons we look at it is it informs us in how we play out our particular customer strategies around how do we want to handle our share and when do we want to make what moves when. It is very helpful information both I think for you and it also helps inform us as far as when we want to make what type of moves. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs. 
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: First I was hoping you could clarify your expectation of gaining share in the second quarter. I think NEG guided up 10% for their own shipments in the second quarter. Are you just assuming in the best case scenario you can do better than that? If you can just give us an update on the Sharp Gen 10 facility. There has been some press reports of that accelerating production as well. If you can give us some sense of the gross margin impact there both in the second quarter and potentially for the back half of the year. 
James Flaws :  I will take the latter question first. Gen 10 is a slight drag on our gross margin in the display business. We expect if Sharp ramps as they are telling us they are going to that goes away over the back half of the year. Relative to gaining share I would remind you that we talk about share for the total market and when you compare to NEG they are primarily focused on a couple of customers. We do expect to gain a little share back in Q2 compared to where we were in Q1 and Q4 in both the base and optimistic case. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of George Notter – Jefferies & Company. 
George Notter – Jefferies & Company : I was trying to understand how you might address the Chinese opportunity with the government there helping to facilitate the development of new panel facilities in China. Would you address that business then through the wholly owned business or would you address that business through SCP? I am thinking about the case where the Korean panel makers get into the Chinese market. How would you address them? 
Wendell Weeks :  We are very closely engaged with the appropriate folks in China. We already have finishing operations in China. We have said we will be melting in China as well. Now it is just simply a question of where and when. We would expect to make that decision this year. As pertains to how we would address that market, we would primarily address that through our base operations [we are open to] depending on what happens with Samsung’s particular play in China. Considering a potential role for SCP. Any such consideration would look primarily to our interests first and at the same time some consideration for what it is best serves our customer base. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Analyst for Jim Suva – Citigroup. 
Analyst for Jim Suva - Citigroup: Could you just recap what you said about the tax rate for 2011? 
James Flaws :  We said we haven’t changed our forecast but the tax rate could move up to 20% if we make the money we expect to make in Japan which has a much higher overall tax rate. Then I also said that if Congress should move to pass the Tax Extender Bill that could fall by a couple of percent. So that is the outlook right now. 
Analyst for Jim Suva - Citigroup: On the $1 billion you are repatriating can you talk about any plans on what you will do with that cash? I am assuming some of the increased CapEx can be funded with probably balances that are domiciled overseas given the display operations are overseas? 
James Flaws :  We have no immediate plans for the cash. We have talked about this year the company would think about our growing cash balance and whether we should be doing something more than just keeping it. When the board makes that decision we will update you. You shouldn’t take this move, the plan to move back by the way occurs in the later part of the year, as a signal we are about to do anything. We thought this was a very prudent move from a tax point of view and that is why we made the decision in Q1 to adopt the decision and it affects our tax rate on a book basis for the full-year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steven Fox – CLSA. 
Steven Fox - CLSA: A couple of questions on Gorilla glass. First of all, excluding the start up costs in Japan for Gorilla. Can you give us an update on how the manufacturing efficiencies are moving and how you see the margin profile going forward? Then secondly if you could talk a little bit more about what a large TV customer could mean for your growth expectations as you get out over the next few quarters? 
James Flaws :  I will handle the latter one and I will let Wendell talk about the manufacturing of Gorilla. Our expectation is that we will have a large customer who will be committing to take cover glass. Manufacturing could start in Q3. We could have a minor amount of shipments in Q4. It will probably be a significant volume next year obviously if consumers buy these televisions. Relative to Gorilla manufacturing from my own perspective we are improving as we go along. We clearly are growing so rapidly we have some start up expenses as we try to keep expanding capacity to keep up with the growing demand. Maybe Wendell, do you have any comments about manufacturing in Gorilla? 
Wendell Weeks :  We are happy with the progress. I think as this business grows in importance to us what Jim and Ken will do is give some thought as to the best way to help you all think about the profitability on Gorilla. At the glass level its profitability is quite enjoyable but we add a lot of value to it with things like coatings, finishing’s, special surface morphologies and all of that added value is great from a revenue perspective and also very good for making more money at the bottom line. However, in terms of margin percent richness it is going to be significantly less than that of the glass. As we work our way through that we will think about the best way to help you to be able to build that into your models in the appropriate way. 
James Flaws :  On the margins of the finishing it is not as [acid] intensive as glass. So we don’t need to have the very high margins we have the very high margins we have on the glass portion. Lastly, some of the added value we are putting on the glass is very important to our customers as they take this glass and do various things with it. It helps us to retain customers by some of the stuff we do with it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Does it feel like the early stages of an upgrade cycle? Should we extrapolate the trends in Japan to other developed markets such as the U.S. and Europe? How should we think about replacement cycles overall? 
James Flaws :  I would say we are hopeful that Japan will be a predictor of other developed economies but until we get complete results back from our consumer study I can’t declare that definitively. It is very clear from some data we have the various things that are happening in televisions; I will stress in particular right now the impact of LED with the thinness of the product appears to be driving the cycle. We have noticed in Japan the mix has shot up on LEDs. Remember they were introduced later there than they were introduced in this country. Of course we are interested to see how 3-D plays out particularly as more content becomes available. So we are hopeful. I just can’t prove it statistically yet. Clearly I think there is some good news in Japan. The question is how much. 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets:  With a lot of the new things and form factor in LEDs directionally should we plan for sequential volumes to increase in September and December or should we think about seasonality increasing? 
James Flaws :  Are you talking about the overall glass market or are you talking about at retail? 
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Overall glass. 
James Flaws :  For glass in our base case or lower case, Q3 is higher than Q2. In our optimistic case both Q3 and Q4 are higher than Q2. As always we have to have a range because we don’t know exactly what the supply chain will do so when you pull it back from retail there is always some variability in inventory. For those who are worrying about Q2 being the peak quarter for us this year we don’t have that in any of our forecasts. 
Wendell Weeks :  I just want to cycle back to the first part of the question because I do think it is worth really giving some thought to what is going on in Japan. We are doing that but I also think it is worthy for those on the call to engage with our customer base to actually engage in some of those conversations with them. Some of our customers have in terms of long term outlook, leave this year…this is very long-term outlook, the extremely robust view of what they think is going to happen in terms of replacement cycle and in terms of television demand.  We don’t share those views yet but it is very interesting to know just sort of the tone of the dialogue around these factors and how actually the whole energy level around what is the right replacement cycle and what is going to happen on this new product cycle is going to play out. So it is quite intriguing and it is dominating a lot of conversation in the industry right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Roberts - Buckingham Research. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: A housekeeping question and if you could give us an update on solar. The housekeeping question you had a $0.04 tax benefit in the quarter which it looks like First Call is going to include that in its $0.52. Would it be about $0.04 in each of the next three quarters assuming that underlying earnings remain roughly in this range? 
James Flaws :  Obviously I am not going to give you guidance for the remaining quarters but I will tell you the way the accounting works for tax rate particularly the total year rates obviously we would have had 10 throughout each quarter of the year. We are now thinking 2 every quarter and you can apply it to your forecast for the quarters. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Could you give us an update on the solar development activity? Really I think you are a little bit behind where you thought you originally would be with that. 
Wendell Weeks :  I would say that solar when we were all together in February what our comments were was that we weren’t moving forward as quite as aggressively as we would have liked. I would say that over the last few months we are feeling much better again. A lot of where we felt progress was slowing some had more to do with our own sort of internal set of priorities and how much work we were having to put in getting touch technology right, among a lot of other things. I feel really good right now we are back on track and making nice progress and we are continuing to see nice experimental data. We still have a lot of work ahead of us to finalize our product, the manufacturing process and to close on a major customer but I do feel like we are on the right track. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer : In terms of seasonality it looks like your base case for the market you are looking at first half seasonality of about 48%. Is that roughly the math you are using? 
James Flaws :  I don’t think about it that way. I will actually have to look and calculate it but keep going on your questions and I will get the math out. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer : The raised guidance for LCD TV sell through, where are the incremental units coming from? Is it Japan and China or is it more widespread than that? 
James Flaws :  It is across the board but obviously we are thinking Asia is running well ahead but we actually raised our numbers for the United States and Europe also slightly. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer : On inventory, it looks like most of the upside in the first quarter in terms of panel shipments came from monitors. If you annualize the rate of the first quarter you would have year-over-year growth in monitors of well over 20%. Does that really reflect, is there demand coming from the refresh cycle in enterprises or is that really where the inventory is starting to kind of get sized up? 
James Flaws :  It is hard for us to determine exactly what drives the demand. Obviously when you look at the year-ago overall demand was very weak. We can’t know for sure what is refresh cycle. It is difficult for us to tell. 
Wendell Weeks :  I would say in our conversations with the major computer makers, and I am sure you are hearing it as well from them, they seem to be feeling very strongly about the refresh cycle and demand in enterprise as well as consumer. Most of the conversations I am participating in sound very bullish on their side. I am sure that is what you are hearing too. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer : Based on your studies what has historically been the replacement rate for TVs? 
James Flaws :  The only studies we have are the CRT market which were 8-10 years. LCDs haven’t been around long enough for us really to have any of that kind of [actives]. That is what we are striving to get because that is where they have been around the longest. 
Wendell Weeks :  Actually I think two investor conferences ago Peter Volanakis presented sort of a bunch of our different data on some of the main factors that helped drive overall television growth. Included in that presentation sort of the historical ranges on replacement cycles and then what different replacement cycles would mean for overall demand in terms of glass. I am sure Ken would be willing to make that available to you. It is very helpful to think about what range you really believe and what the impact would be on glass demand if you are interested. 
Ken Sofio :  I would be more than happy to. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to touch base on cover glass again. Based on your preliminary discussions with this one OEM, could we see adoption rates in 2011 be as high as 30% if the market is receptive to these types of products? I know it is very early on but based on your conversations with the OEM is this something that could flip very quickly like we are seeing in LED? 
Wendell Weeks :  I am not sure I understand the question. 
James Flaws :  The answer is no. We are not expecting a 30% adoption rate in the total television market as early as 2011 on covered. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: I am sorry. I guess I was thinking of the one OEM that you are in discussions with. 
Wendell Weeks :  We are in discussion with a number of the OEMs. It is not one OEM. It is a number of the OEMs. 
James Flaws :  I still think that would be a high number though. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: In regards to Dow Corning can you talk about the outlook for the second half of the year in regards to the drag from the expansion in China? Is that something that is going to continue for the second half of the year or is that going to be largely behind us after 2Q?
James Flaws :  It will still be a little bit of a drag in Q3 on the silicone business but Hemlock should have a very strong Q3. I don’t think it is going to be a large number but we will update you when we get later on in the quarter. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Can you elaborate a little bit on the progress you have made over the past couple of months on the solar side? 
Wendell Weeks :  Sure. I think as you may recall there are three different major film types; [Cadtel, Sigs] and then micro morph tandem structures on silicone. I would say that we are very pleased with our progress in [Cadtel] and the continued positive lab level results we are getting. We are getting closer and closer to nailing down exactly what type of product would best serve that market. Similarly in [Sigs] we are getting closer and closer at nailing down what the product requirements would be and seeing some nice uptick in terms of conversion efficiency as we are doing these relatively massive BOEs to actually nail down can we improve conversion efficiency. Finally on the tandem structures I think we are about half way there in terms of being able to show a conversion efficiency gain that we would need to be able to justify specialty glass.  I think overall the good news is we continue to believe that we can generate significant increases in conversion efficiency using a specialty glass. There was widespread disbelief in the industry. Now I would say there is widespread belief of that in the industry. Now we have to turn to the next challenge to actually turn this idea into revenue. We need to have exactly the right product for each of these areas, exactly the right manufacturing process to deliver on the appropriate economics and then we need to catch the customer build cycle exactly right.  All of that is ahead of us but I think the good news is there is nothing about our original product content, the thin specialty glass that is proving to be not a good idea. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Looking at Corsam, can you give us some color as to what the agenda for Corsam would be? Also whether the market it would be addressing. Is it related to some of the China opportunities for Samsung products [inaudible] they can operate with you? Is it all in the LCD area or outside of the LCD area as well? The second question would be on your equity earnings I am just running through the numbers and it is far more than being impacted by just Dow Corning and Samsung [Corning] positioned glass. Could you give us some color as to are there any other ventures that are becoming material as a percentage of that which we should start thinking about at this stage? 
James Flaws :  On equity earnings I don’t think there is anything else that is really material. When you look at equity earnings you have the impact of the other part of SCP. We do have [uracara] in there but I am not aware of anything material happening. On Corsam the focus is beyond LCD. That is what we put into place for. It is focused on use of flat glass. Beyond that we are not disclosing where it is going. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: What about the financial? It is quite a significant amount of investment from both companies right now. Running the numbers it is almost $50 million in a quarter I think last quarter. In terms of overall investment over the next year or two is there some sort of broad number you can share with us? 
James Flaws :  Directionally you ought to think about it as around $40 million a year. I am not quite sure how you got to the 50 but I am happy to deal with it offline. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: As you look at the Shizuoka capacity you are moving over to cover slip production what is that being used for now? 
James Flaws :  Shizuoka capacity is the older capacity that has actually been shut down since 2008. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Are you carrying depreciation for that on your books? 
James Flaws :  Yes we are. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: As you move it to cover slip is that depreciation going to move over to the specialty glass business? 
James Flaws :  Yes it will. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: In the cover slip business you mentioned currently with Gorilla glass you are putting on coatings and adding value in other ways. As you think about the TV opportunity there are a lot of films and coatings going into making a high quality television panel. To what extent is capturing that revenue an opportunity for you guys? 
Wendell Weeks :  Similar to when we do highly finished IT parts in Gorilla we will see that same type of investment and that same type of product attribute for cover TV should we be able to actually close that business. All sorts of different ways to deal with light and I think the main difference between that and what we do for IT would be we probably wouldn’t have to put on our anti-smudge type material. It does add a lot of revenue, all of these various steps. That is quite true. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Given you are actually reducing some costs the panel manufacturer would have in other areas, how would their build of material change by adopting your TV cover slip technology? 
Wendell Weeks :  This is actually the same question our Vice Chairman, Mr. Flaws, has for us. I would say the level of our understanding is not yet deep enough to actually understand to give you an accurate answer to that question. In many ways it looks to us like it adds costs. I think clearly it is a cost add overall. How much they reduce their costs in other space we just aren’t expert enough yet on the overall manufacture of a television set to be able to answer that question accurately. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: If we look at Japan rates year-over-year what is the implied replacement rate you think exists in those high growth you have seen in the first part of the year? 
James Flaws :  We don’t have a calculation yet. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan. 
Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan :  Regarding the expansion in Taichung and the retrofit in Shizuoka, when is that capacity coming on line and what impact, if any, does it have on your expectations? I think in the past you have talked about LCD glass industry capacity maximum utilization being around 3.2 billion square feet? 
James Flaws :  I am not sure I got your question totally but Shizuoka coming is not going to be in the display business. It will be for Gorilla. So we are not going to count it on that. Taichung the additional capacity we are bringing on would be at the very end of the year. On a theoretical basis if everybody was running everything perfectly if you annualize all tanks it would be between…it could get up to 3.4 for the industry. 
Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan : I am wondering if you could give us the dollar amount of [FTTP] sales and hardware and equipment? I think you talked about how that moved directionally on a percentage basis but I don’t recall seeing the dollar amount for a few quarters. 
James Flaws :  I didn’t understand your question. 
Ken Sofio :  I can get you that offline. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Abrams – Avian Research. 
Andrew Abrams – Avian Research: Two China questions. I know these are still kind of on the speculative side. Can you talk about the Chinese supply chain, where you are feeding into the supply chain right now and how that has expanded over the last 6-12 months? Meaning what is going into the supply chain glass wise relative to where it was a year ago? Also, if we are talking about that can you also talk about how you are going to approach the fact there could be a number of LCD fabs in different locations in China kind of spread out as opposed to maybe in the science parks in Taiwan where it is a little easier? How do you deal with that? Are they duplicate construction sites for you? What is the concept there? 
James Flaws :  On the first one there really hasn’t been much change on the China display right now because there really hasn’t been a change in the people running the panel fabs. The next new fab I don’t think really has cranked up very much. So there really hasn’t been a change to date. What we are evaluating is the fact that when the Chinese government gets the final agreements to panel fabs they may be in multiple locations and as we said in February we are considering whether we end up having two factories and what the best place to put them is but that obviously will be dependent on where the fabs get finally approved. 
Andrew Abrams – Avian Research: Do you have a thought process on the number of final licenses that are going to wind up being issued or is this just kind of guess work on everybody’s part? 
Wendell Weeks :  I think it is guess work on everybody’s part, guessing how China will actually choose to behave and what they will approve in any industry is quite challenging. The good news is we can actually wait until that process is done and then make our decisions and we will work with all of the right folks to be able to make the right decision. 
Andrew Abrams – Avian Research: Do you supply a substantial amount to BOE in China now or is it done a different way outside of China? 
Wendell Weeks :  BOE is one of our most valued customers. It has been one of our most early customers in China and so we think very highly of them. 
James Flaws :  A reminder, we already have a glass finishing operation in Beijing. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch : In your exploratory talks with TV vendors and Gorilla glass what sort of models from a screen size and thickness are the ones that are driving adoption of cover glass in your opinion? 
Wendell Weeks :  Different OEMs have very different ideas. Some don’t think the borderless design is a good idea. Some think that the borderless design is the best idea since sliced bread. Depending on where you stand as an OEM on that continuum depends on how far across your product line you want to take it. I think if you do like borderless there is relatively widespread agreement in the camp of people who like borderless it is best on the highest end models, the largest pieces, because those tend to be the customers that will highly value design. As far as footprint and thickness, the short answer is thinner is always better than thicker. One of the keys for our ideas is that you could potentially go thinner with our product than you can with competitive products. 
Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch : On gross margins, off the 470 basis points of sequential improvement in gross margins how much of that improvement would you attribute to expansion of gross margins in the display segment? Would you attribute greater than 100% to display? 
James Flaws :  I won’t do that for you because we are not giving out specifics on display margins. But Display had a big role in it. 
Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch : Can you update us on any potential progress on discussions with SCP for a one-time cash dividend? 
James Flaws :  Yes. We are having very favorable discussions with them. As I indicated in February we have high expectations that by the end of the year we will get increased dividends. 
Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch : Can you talk about the magnitude of that? 
James Flaws :  No.  Just a couple of quick closing comments to leave you with. Regarding the first quarter we could not be more pleased with our results and hope you are also. This was an excellent start for 2010 and we hope to build upon the performance. We believe there is the potential for further sales growth and gross margin expansion this year.  In Telecom we expect to continue to benefit from the cost reduction actions we took last year. In Environmental there is a significant opportunity to bring gross margin up to its historical levels. In specialty materials Gorilla glass continues to find its way into more products and hopefully a few more soon with much larger screen sizes. Investors often ask us what the most significant next business opportunity is for Corning and we think it is Gorilla. So we remain very optimistic about our potential to further grow sales longer term as well as the potential to further expand gross margin and our bottom line.  Lastly, a couple of investor related announcements. Our annual shareholder meeting is tomorrow at 11 a.m. right here in Corning, New York. If you are unable to attend in person the meeting will be webcast. We will also be speaking at the JP Morgan Technology Conference in Boston on May 17th. We will be on the road meeting investors in London early in the week of May 24th. If you would like to attend an investor luncheon there please call Ken. In June we will be attending the B of A large cap conference on June 3rd and the UBS Technology Conference on June 8th. Both of those conferences are in New York City. Finally on June 15th we will be in Minneapolis meeting investors and will likely have an open luncheon. Again, if you are interested in attending that lunch please call Ken. 
Ken Sofio : Thank you Jim. Thank you Wendell. Thank you all for joining us today. A play back of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. ET today and will run until about 5 p.m. ET Monday, May 12th. To listen dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 152579. Audio cast will also be available on our website during that time. Operator that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen as mentioned that concludes the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Wendell Weeks – CEO James Flaws – CFO Ken Sofio – VP IR 
Analysts:  Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Brian White – Ticonderoga  Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Steven Fox - CLSA Jim Suva - Citigroup CJ Muse – Barclays Capital  Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak  George Notter – Jefferies & Company  John Roberts - Buckingham Research Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer  Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan  Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch  
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated fourth quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions) With that being said, I'll turn the conference over to the Division Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Sofio. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Sofio: Good morning. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter conference call. James Flaws, Vice Chairman, and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, our Chairman and CEO, will join for the Q&A.  Today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in our SEC reports.
James Flaws : Thanks Ken, good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the fourth quarter which can be found on our Investor Relations website. We have posted accompanying slides on line as well.  In summary we’re very pleased with our fourth quarter results. Before I get into the details I want to walk you through the key points we’ll be covering this morning. First, our fourth quarter sales, gross margin, and profitability were all higher than the third quarter.  A stronger Yen helped but we also benefited from higher volumes in Display and Environmental. In fact, Q4 was our most profitable quarter all year. In addition equity earnings and free cash flow were both all time records for the company.  Second, based on our models we believe the LCD supply chain inventories at the end of the fourth quarter are in good shape heading into Q1. Third, retail sales of LCD televisions remained strong worldwide throughout the fourth quarter.  Based on the strength of Q4 glass demand we believe the 2009 glass market reached 2.4 billion square feet versus our most recent estimate of 2.3 billion square feet. Demand was driven was by LCD television sales which were also stronger than we had forecasted.  We now estimate the total number of LCD TVs sold in 2009 was 141 million versus our most recent estimate of 132 million. Lastly, looking ahead to the first quarter we expect glass volume at our wholly owned business to be up between 8% to 12% sequentially.  SCP glass volume will be flat to up slightly quarter to quarter. In total we expect the glass market to be up in Q1 versus our original expectations of slightly lower seasonal demand. We believe the supply chain will need to expand in the first quarter, backfill for the stronger Q1 demand and to support a much larger end market this year.  We’re still finalizing our end market and glass market forecasts for 2010 but they will both likely be higher than our previous estimates. We’ll discuss both and our thoughts about Q2 at the Investor Meeting next week.  So let’s turn to the details, fourth quarter sales were $1.53 billion, a 4% increase from the third quarter. Our Q4 sales benefited by changes in the exchange rates by about $33 million. Moving down the income statement gross margin was 42.4% in Q4 compared to 40.5% in Q3. We were very pleased with our gross margin performance in the quarter.  Part of the improvement was the result of better manufacturing and higher volumes in our Environmental business. Gross margin also benefited from the non-repeat of $22 million in one-time accelerated depreciation charges taken in the third quarter due to Shizouka’s earthquake. We did have one-time charges in Q4 from the Taichung power outage, but they were much less.  SG&A was $244 million or 16% of sales in Q4 as expected. R&D was $145 million in Q4 or about 9% of sales. Other income was $64 million in Q4 compared to $48 million in Q3. Equity earnings were $461 million in the fourth quarter compared to $418 million in Q3. Equity earnings included a special item totaling $29 million related primarily to a tax valuation gain at Dow Corning.  Our Q4 tax rate was 5% and consistent with the last quarter but higher than we had expected. The primary reason it was higher is actually a good thing, we made more money in the United States than we thought we would during the quarter.  Net income excluding special items was $696 million in Q4 compared to $654 million in Q3. About $40 million of the increase was due to favorable exchange rates. EPS excluding special items was $0.44 compared to $0.42 in Q3.  You should note that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Our GAAP net income includes $44 million of special items. Including these special items, our Q4 EPS was $0.47.  Our share count for the fourth quarter was 1.58 billion shares and consistent with the third quarter. Now I’m going to turn to the segment results for the fourth quarter and I’ll start with Display.  Fourth quarter sales were $717 million and about 6% higher than Q3. Volume was up 2% and pricing was flat. Sales benefited by the change in the Yen to US dollar exchange rate which averaged 90 in Q4 versus 94 in Q3. Display gross margin was higher in Q4 due mainly to the non-repeat of Shizouka accelerated depreciation charges.  In addition the fixed cost drag from Gen 10 was less than we thought it would be as we ran at higher volumes than planned. Equity earnings from SCP LCD glass business were $321 million in the fourth quarter, a slight increase from the third quarter. Volume was up 3% and pricing was flat. The benefit from changes in foreign exchange here was about $20 million. For your modeling purposes SCP fourth quarter LCD sales were $1.1 billion, up 10% versus the third quarter. As a reminder this represents SCP LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP total sales which includes CRT glass and other products.  Net income in the Display segment which includes equity earnings was $619 million in the fourth quarter, versus $600 million in the prior quarter. As a reminder Display’s fourth quarter results included $8 million in incremental accelerated depreciation.  Regarding our Shizouka and Taichung facilities, operations have recovered as planned and the remaining [unlit] capacity will be brought on line over the next several weeks. I’d now like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain starting with retail.  Strong demand for LCD televisions continued throughout the fourth quarter. Worldwide LCD TV unit sales at retail were up 45% in October, 28% in November. We do not have complete data for December to provide a worldwide growth figure for that month.  But for those regions that we do have data, it continues to be positive. As a reminder worldwide retail sell through is an aggregate of data provided by different vendors in each of the primary TV sales regions; China, Europe, Japan, and the United States.  Most significant growth regions were Japan and China. In Japan LCD TV unit sales were up about 73% in October, 64% in November, and 70% in December. For the year LCD TV sales in Japan were up 50%.  In China unit sales were up 115% in October, thanks to Golden Week, and 69% in November. In December sales were up 47%. For the year LCD TV sales in China were up 72%. In Europe television unit sales were also strong, in October and November sales were up 20% and 19% respectively.  We do not have December data yet for Europe. In the United States LCD TV unit sales were up 28% in October, 22% in November, and 14% in December. For the year LCD television sales in the United States were up 21%. We do have the first two weeks of January data for the US, television sales were down 12% versus last year.  We were expecting this lower growth rate since last January sales were up 34% for the same two-week period due to the digital conversion. This is a good time for me to make an important point, a significant portion of the growth in LCD televisions this year will be outside the United States and Europe.  We will continue to monitor the week-to-week and month-to-month data provided by MPD but the region we will monitor most closely is China. In fact we’re expecting over 70% of the LCD television growth this year will come from China and other developing regions.  This is also a reason we were so pleased by the recent decision by the Chinese government to double the subsidy limit in 2010. This will effectively cover 40-inch and larger television market and could drive sales of those sizes further. We’ll be sharing our 2010 television forecast by region next week. Regarding the Display supply chain we believe total inventory in terms of equivalent square feet of glass was approximately 760 million square feet exiting Q4. This would be inventory at the panel makers, set assemblies, and at retail. Given the overall market last year was 2.4 billion square feet, and given our expectations for a strong Q1, we would say this level of inventory is appropriate.  In terms of total panel maker inventory as measured in square feet the amount at the end of Q4 was equivalent to the end of Q3. So even though panel makers ran at higher utilizations throughout Q4 we believe the pull from set assembly and retail was strong enough to keep panel inventory levels from increasing.  At the set assembly level inventory measured in square feet of glass increased only slightly and at retail we believe inventories fell significantly in Q4, down about 10%. This makes sense given the strong seasonal demand.  So overall inventory levels in the supply chain appear to be okay heading into Q1. I’ll have a few more comments on Q1 in the outlook. Moving to Environmental, sales in the fourth quarter were $181 million, an increase of 8% over the third quarter and much higher than we had expected. Auto product sales were $108 million, up slightly versus Q3 of $103 million. The auto industry normally experiences seasonal declines in Q4, in fact, our original guidance for this segment were for sales to decline 10% to 15%.  Its now apparent that cash for clunkers and other incentive programs deleted inventories far more than we estimated. The question is how long will this rebuild continue. Right now the demand for our products suggests supply chain is preparing for a 75 million auto build level. That’s not realistic. Looking ahead we believe the rebuild of auto inventories will near completion sometime in Q1.  I’ll update this in the outlook. Diesel sales in the fourth quarter were $73 million, and up 14% sequentially. The increase was due to light duty filter sales as we continue to reap benefits from previous platform wins. Segment net income was $15 million in Q4, a significant increase from the $4 million loss in Q3.  The higher auto and diesel volumes benefit of cost reduction improved gross margin led to strong earnings performance in the quarter for this segment. In Telecom fourth quarter sales were $405 million, down 10% from Q3. The decline was primarily due to lower fiber to the home sales and normal seasonal declines in cable and hardware and equipment in North America. This decline was slightly offset by better than expected demand for private network products in North America and fiber demand in China. Sales in our fiber and cable products in the fourth quarter were $231 million, a decrease of 8% sequentially. Seasonally lower volume in North America was offset by strong demand in China. Sales of hardware and equipment overall were $174 million in Q4, down 13% sequentially. Segment incurred a net loss of $19 million in the fourth quarter compared to net income of $21 million in Q3. You should note that Q4 results included $21 million in restructuring charges after tax. Excluding those charges this segment would have shown a small profit.  Sales in our Specialty Materials segment were $110 million in Q4, up 22% versus Q3, much higher than we expected. Increase in sales was due primarily to strong demand for Gorilla Glass and advanced optics. We are quite thrilled with the industry interest in Gorilla. We ended the year with a sales run rate of $120 million annualized.  Gorilla Glass is currently contained in over 65 different models, handheld and notebook products, and we have great expectations for this product going forward. Peter Volanakis, our Chief Operating Officer, will outline our future expectations for Gorilla Glass at our Investor Meeting next week.  In Life Sciences, sales in the fourth quarter were $117 million compared to $92 million in the third quarter. Increase was due to a full quarter sales of Axygen which was acquired in September. Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $132 million including the previously mentioned $29 million tax one-time gain.  Excluding the special Dow Corning’s equity earnings were up slightly from Q3. Dow Corning sales were $1.47 billion in Q4, compared to $1.41 billion in Q3. The sequential increase was driven by Hemlock. Hemlock had strong solar spot sales within the quarter. We feel the demand in the solar market has improved but new capacity will continue to hold down spot prices.  Hemlock met the increased sales load by reducing inventory which will not repeat in Q1. Sales of silicones in Q4 were consistent with a very strong Q3. Sales in silicones in Q3 and Q4 are actually very close to the pre-recession level of early 2008. This improvement reflects economic recovery, stronger in Asia than North America or Europe and some market share gains.  Now turning to the balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with about $3.6 billion in cash and short-term investments, up significantly from $2.9 million last quarter. The increase was primarily due to free cash flow which was $756 million, an all time record for Corning.  Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and the GAAP reconciliation is on our website. We were successful in reducing inventories again from $618 million at the end of Q3 to $579 million in Q4. The biggest declines were from Telecom and Specialty Materials. For the year we reduced inventories by more than $200 million.  Now let me go to the outlook and I’ll start with Display, glass volume at our wholly owned business is forecasted to be up between 8% to 12% sequentially. We expect the remaining capacity from the manufacturing upsets to be back on line this quarter providing the production volume to meet demand.  At SCP glass volume is expected to be flat to up slightly and as a reminder the Korean panel makers have basically been running full for some time now. In total we expect glass market to be up in Q1 versus our original expectations of slightly lower seasonal demand. We believe the supply chain will need to expand in the first quarter to backfill for the strong Q4 sell through, and in preparation for a much larger end market this year.  Recent panel price data supports our belief that demand throughout the supply chain continues to be strong. First half of January panel pricing for LC televisions were up slightly. Monitor prices were up even more. In general we expect supply chain inventories to build slightly in Q1. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we’re still finalizing our end market and glass market forecasts for 2010 but you should expect they will likely be higher than our previous estimates.  We anticipate glass pricing in Q1 at both our wholly owned business and SCP to be down only slightly sequentially in line with historical declines. And gross margin in our display business will expand in the first quarter due primarily to the higher volume and of course, non-repeat of the Taichung costs. All [tanks] that were impacted by one-time events will be up and running during the quarter.  In our Telecom segment we expect Q1 sales to be down about 10% to 15% sequentially. There are two main drivers of sequential decline. First we expect fiber and cable demand in China to be lower in Q1 compared to Q4 when demand had been stronger that we had expected. Second, we expect private network demand to be lower in North America.  We believe this softness is due to capital project timing. Investors should also note we divested several [loans] strategy businesses last year, 2009 sales related to those businesses were about $40 million. Q4 sales in them were about $7 million.  Compared to last year Q1 sales will be about 10% lower. As a reminder we expect spending in the telecom market to be lower in 2010 versus 2009 as the telecom industry usually takes longer to recover following an economic slowdown.  Environmental segment, we expect Q1 sales to be down about 10% sequentially as the rebuild of the auto inventories nears completion. In Life Sciences we expect Q1 sales to be flat to up 4% compared to Q4. In Specialty Materials we expect Q1 sales to be down about 10% to 15% sequentially due to lower advanced optic sales.  And at Dow Corning we expect equity earnings excluding specials to be down about 20%. Decrease reflects lower Hemlock sales, there will be no repeat of the sell out of inventory and slightly lower prices on contracts. Also Dow Corning will have some higher expenses due to new capacity in China.  Moving down the income statement we expect our corporate gross margin will expand in Q1 as the increase in Display will offset lower volumes in Environmental and Telecom. SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales will be consistent quarter to quarter.  Regarding our tax rate, our estimate right now is 10%. This could change significantly based on whether the Tax Extender Bill be passed by Congress later this quarter. If that happens our tax rate for Q1 would be a few percentage points lower. Passing of the Extender Bill would also lower our full year tax rate.  I’ll be providing more detailed look at our tax rate going forward next week. Investors should also note our results can be materially influenced by the Yen to US dollar exchange rate. For Q4 the Yen average 90, it is around [inaudible] today. For every one point move in the Yen, our net income moves by about nine million.  So if the Yen were to average 92 in Q1, our net income would be impacted by about 18 million or roughly $0.01 of EPS. Now before we go to Q&A, I’d like to offer a few observations about 2009. In the fourth quarter of 2008 the global business environment had changed dramatically, post the Lehman bankruptcy, financial crisis, and with the depth of a global recession becoming apparent to all of us.  For Corning our sales fell suddenly with the panel industry shutting down to cut inventories and the car industry collapsing. Our sales in Q4 fell to $1 billion or about a $4 billion run rate. At Corning we have learned to move through the denial phase quickly. We began a series of difficult but necessary actions which Peter Volanakis outlined for you last year as the rings of defense. We were confident supply chain correction would end and the people would buy televisions. Nevertheless we needed to size our business for lower revenues. We chose $5 billion, obviously above that current $4 billion run rate.  We closed factories, laid off people, froze salaries, trimmed hours, cut capital, and drove inventory down, etc. I’m very proud of our speed and most importantly by how our people reacted to the challenge. Twelve months later our sales were $5.4 billion, above our goal and well above the $4 billion run rate. But that comparison is a little misleading. FX helped and obviously LCD at retail helped. But car sales and semiconductor sales were also far worse than we originally thought. Our actions mattered and it produced very strong results for you, our shareholders. We had very strong profitability in Q3 and Q4 and we had record free cash flow for the year, and we made outstanding progress on new products, such as Gen 10, new diesel products and platform wins, Gorilla Glass, and strong new products in Telecom.  I’ve been at Corning 36 years now and have been through six recessions. They have all ended but they’ve all been painful. I think our response and performance this recession was the best I’ve ever seen and I hope you appreciate the results.  We are now ready for your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Can you give us some comments on the sustainability of retail strength as we start 2010, and perhaps your thoughts on why its not just catch up spend and we’re not front loading the year and what I’m trying to get to is your comfort level on sell through, overall penetration, and that its not just channel refill in China for example ahead of the new year, if you could give us your thoughts.
James Flaws : Our confidence is very high for the demand for LCD televisions. Retail price points are at a very attractive level. We saw very good retail demand in China in the month of December, being up 47% year over year. In terms of refilling inventory around the world, we exited the year at a very nice level. Its not too lean nor is it we think there was too much there. Clearly people anticipate for Chinese New Year which by the way falls in February this year not January. But we see signs of good demand worldwide. China was, Japan was strong in December so we have the echo point program continuing in Japan. We have the increased subsidy in China. So we feel quite good about the sustainability of retail demand around the world.  
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: And since the first half may be less seasonal, does that imply that the second half is more seasonal or should we rather see a more gradual growth as we play out 2010. 
James Flaws : We’re going to talk to you at our Investor day next week about our cycle for the year. But we think this year we may be seeing a flatter overall cycle than what we have seen the last couple of years. But Jim Clappin will be walking through that for you next Friday. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian White – Ticonderoga 
Brian White – Ticonderoga : I’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about the Gen 10 plant, how far are we in ramping that and when do you think it will not be a drag on margins. 
James Flaws : We have all the tanks now lit in the facility for the current phase. They’re not all making good glass yet. Sharp is ramping but we still have a long way to go in their ramp and our own ramp as we go through the course of the year.  This will probably actually be the last time I’ll talk about the drag on gross margin. Its relatively small and we expect it to diminish as we go through the course of the year. We’re quite excited about Gen 10 and if you happen to come to our Investor meeting next week, you’ll actually see a piece of Gen 10 glass.
Brian White – Ticonderoga : And maybe just comment a little, the panel makers in Korea are approved to set up panel plants in China, Taiwan is probably quickly or shortly thereafter to follow and I’m curious how Corning thinks about China on the glass production. 
James Flaws : I believe the Korean government has approved the panel makers to go to China but I do not believe the Chinese government has yet approved the Korean panel makers to go there. But nevertheless as we said for awhile now, we expect the Chinese market to be the largest for LCD televisions. We expect the local industry to be built. We think eventually a series of large size fabs will be built and we had a finishing factory there for two years.  And we plan on taking melting there. We haven’t made a final decision but we expect to be a big supplier to the Chinese panel industry going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Just first on your guidance for prices to decline slightly in the first quarter, can you just give us a little more color why you would expect prices to be down slightly as opposed to flat considering panel prices are moving up and in fact you did have prices stay flattish last quarter. 
James Flaws : Well unfortunately we never get to tie our prices exactly to panel prices. They’ve moved up quite a bit this past year and we didn’t get a chance to raise our prices. So we’ve said many times we’re in a consumer electronics industry. We expect over the course of time our prices to come down and we’re planning on very minor price declines in Q1, is consistent with that philosophy.  We talked about for ourselves, we think that we can keep up with very minor price declines with our cost reduction. We now have the ability to do that with having most of our operations back and running. So we’re not concerned at all about the very moderate price declines we’re talking about in Q1.  
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned that you’re probably not going to talk much going forward about the drag from the Sharp plant, I think in the past you had talked about a 350 basis point improvement once that drag is out of the way, is it fair to assume that the vast majority of that 350 basis point improvement has now been realized or can you just quantify a little bit for us how much of that is still ahead.
James Flaws : So at one time it was five points and now its considerably less than that. So its rapidly falling and if and this is the big if, if the demand continues to grow there, it will disappear as the year goes along. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox - CLSA
Steven Fox - CLSA: Not to preempt next week’s meeting but is there anything you can talk about with Gorilla Glass in terms of the momentum that it has into Q1 specifically what would be driving that. And then secondly any update on CapEx thoughts versus what you said last quarter. 
James Flaws : The [inaudible] for Gorilla is very strong. We have a little bit of a war going on between the division manager who is in charge of Gorilla and the division manager in charge of Displays, who gets which tank so demand is quite strong and I think last time I talked about Gorilla we were at 45 products and now were in 65.  So Wendell was right all the way along. This is going to be a homerun for us and so we just see the influence of touch expanding very rapidly. In terms of CapEx for this upcoming year, I’m really not expecting much change from what I’ve said before. We don’t really need much right now. I think the obvious question is if we take melting to China, when we start spending on it, but I really believe that’s 2011. If we need to spend more capital then the $600 to $700 million I talked about before would be a high class problem and it would be because Gorilla and Display are doing better than we expected, but I really don’t expect much movement from that number. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva - Citigroup
Jim Suva - Citigroup: On the pricing front just a quick clarification have you already locked in pricing for calendar Q1 because my history or memory reminds me of sometimes you lock in stuff very late in the quarter, other times earlier in the quarter and I’m just trying to see where you’re at in the negotiation process. 
James Flaws : Our customers all know our pricing now for Q1. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: And then when you talked about the gross margin impact no longer being a drag from the glass production in 2010 as the year progresses, can you maybe just help us understand the exit point of this year, how much of a drag quantitatively they were still in. Was it still 350 basis points or are we down to much less and we’re trying to figure out how much still upside room there is in the gross margins from the things like power outages and Gen 10.
James Flaws : So Gen 10 was less than 3% in Q4 and the power outage was about $8 million in Q4. So the Gen 10 drag is all dependent on Sharp ramping which we think they will. And that will diminish and that’s why I don’t intend to actually have to talk about it as we go forward.  And we’ve got our fingers crossed that we don’t have any more earthquakes or power outages. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of CJ Muse – Barclays Capital 
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital : I guess first question, can you talk a little bit about what your outlook is for glass supply/demand in 2010, and I guess within that context whether you’re discussing pricing with the panel makers for all of 2010 today. 
James Flaws :  We expect by and large that glass supply/demand relationship to be pretty tight throughout the course of the year. And we have not really moved into pricing beyond what we’ve done in Q1 right now. 
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital : And then in terms of your core glass volume guide of up 8% to 12%, do you expect that that will track what the panel makers are seeing or are they looking to build glass inventory. 
James Flaws : So our own math for our entire supply chain model for Q1 is a slight increase in Q1 in terms of inventory. And we’ll walk you through the details of that next week. 
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital : And then can you provide a context in terms of the magnitude of the uptick for gross margins for Display we should expect in March versus December or maybe a construct as to how we can model that out.  
James Flaws : No, I think you’re going to have to do the work on that one yourself. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Two notable features of the LCD market for me in 2009 were the sharp growth in Japan sales even though that’s an area where LCDs are already fairly highly penetrated and second in China the rapid migration away from CRTs during the year. Wondering if you can draw any conclusions about the dynamics of these markets, how people are using TVs, how CRTs might be shut down in other parts of the world and how we might think about that going forward in other markets. 
James Flaws : The CRT industry is collapsing. I think China is the first stage of that and you’re going to see it collapse elsewhere and Jim Clappin will talk a little bit about that particularly relative to the Indian market next week.  So we think that that’s accelerating for many reasons. Just as an example we talked about before through our Samsung Corning, we’re still making a small amount of CRT glass and as soon as the tanks hit the end of their life, in some cases sooner, we shut them down because its not economic.  So that capacity is going away and I think consumers in China have also voted with their feet, helped by the tax subsidy which continues that they prefer LCDs. I believe we’ve got up to 68% of all televisions sold in the current year in China were LCD so we think CRT’s gone away and it will go away in other emerging developing economies soon. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein:  And Japan, there was a subsidy but why the strong growth given the already high share. 
James Flaws : So its an interesting question, we did some consumer research on this about 18 months ago and remember Japan is obviously the country where this took off first and we think that we may be seeing a replacement phenomenon starting with LCDs so you were an early adopter five years ago, and you bought a 32-inch television, its not a very good one compared to what you can get today at a much lower price. So that’s one hypothesis along with the echo point program and obviously people expanding to have more than one. But its hard to know for sure unless you go out and do direct consumer research but those are some of our hypothesis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Was hoping to get a little bit of color on your outlook for the US market, I know you don’t want to provide too much in regard to details today, but given the fact that the retail was down 12% for LC TVs in the fist two weeks of the year, how confident are you that we’ll see the US market grow in aggregate in 2010 for LCD TVs.
James Flaws : We’re very confident we’ll see growth and I think the distortion in the first part of the year in comparison to last year is clearly traceable to the digital transition which happened in early February and you may recall there was a second transition in June of last year.  But we’re looking for unit growth in the United States again this year. It clearly will be the lowest unit growth place geographically around the world but we’re definitely thinking there will be unit growth again this year. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: And then with a strong balance sheet and an encouraging outlook for 2010 free cash flow, can you highlight your plans for use of excess cash in 2010. 
James Flaws : Well I love the strong balance sheet and Wendell does too but clearly we know, our priorities are the same as what we have outlined before that the Board has agreed to. First if our financial health, which we feel pretty confident about. Second is to make sure we have the money to invest in growth and that would include consideration of acquisitions and then third, it would be return to the shareholders which I’m sure our Board will turn and discuss again this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: On the Gorilla Glass business do you have any data on your current business, what the average screen size that the product is being used and I think for most of the year the manufacturing was all US based, is that still the case. Can you comment on what you plan on doing as the business goes in terms of using additional capacity elsewhere.
James Flaws : So on the latter point, our plans are to keep the production in the United States at our Kentucky factory, but what will be happening is we will take another tank away from Display in Kentucky and give it to the Gorilla Glass. So basically Kentucky is on its way to becoming a Gorilla or photovoltaic trial place. We have not yet moved to take Gorilla outside this country but that could easily happen this year. I don’t have handy the mix of the product between handheld. 
Wendell Weeks : Right now far and away. The majority of the glass demand is being driven by handheld where it’s at the very, very beginning of the demand for IT. What makes it exciting is the larger diagonal means a lot more surface area of glass. But the bulk of our volume today is all aimed at handheld. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak : I’m not sure if I missed this the R&D and the SG&A in Q4 in dollar terms was higher than expected, can you offer any color on Q1 and is there any seasonal bump in Q1 in terms of compensation and what have you. 
James Flaws : No, actually compensation goes down in Q1 versus Q4 so we didn’t give guidance but you should expect no bump. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak : On the Environmental segment being down sequentially do you hope to keep the gross margin and profitability in the segment similar to Q4 or is there going to be some headwind there. 
James Flaws : It depends on the down in terms of the level but gross margins for the auto business could be down just a little bit. But you shouldn’t expect a big drag from that. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak : And then on the Specialty Materials your comment on the optical, specialty optical, what’s driving that, did you just have a very high Q4 and its just a give back from that or why is it down in Q1.
James Flaws : It would be, we did Q4 was higher than what we expected and really demand on that business is not very smooth and predictable but definitely Q4 turned out to be greater than what we expected. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak : On the photovoltaic you kind of alluded to a second ago, is there any color there or are you going to do that at the Analyst Day. 
James Flaws : You get to see it at the Analyst Day. We have a special presentation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Notter – Jefferies & Company 
George Notter – Jefferies & Company : I wanted to ask about the gross margins in the wholly owned business, if I go back and look for example at the first half of 2008 and obviously you don’t break out gross margins there explicitly but we can kind of back into those numbers and get a rough sense of where they were and if I think about your wholly owned Display business right now from a gross margin perspective relative to where it was in the first half of 2008 it seems like there’s still a pretty good gap and I guess I’d like to better understand is it possible to get back to those kinds of gross margins levels and if so, how do you see that playing out. 
James Flaws : So our gross margins back in early 2008 were in the upper 60’s in our wholly owned business and then we suffered an enormous price decline at the beginning of this past year coupled with having a lot of capacity down. We still have some capacity down basically its part of our Japanese capacity that was built to serve Sharp Gen 6 and that’s still down right now so that’s a little bit of a drag couple with the Gen 10 that I’ve talked about previously. But we believe our gross margin is moving back up into the 60’s but we’re not as I’ve said before, we don’t think it will get back to the high point unless there’s unusual circumstance which occurs which we have very strong demand and no price decline.  But we’d be delighted by the improvement back into the 60’s which we’re expecting. 
George Notter – Jefferies & Company : Historically you have talked about high single-digit price erosion in the LCD wholly owned business is that still, glass [inaudible] business rather, is that still a logical kind of number for 2010.
James Flaws : What we’ve said is that our idea of a good time right now with the price declines between 1% and 2% sequentially we think we can keep up with that in terms of our cost reduction. We’re not giving full year price guidance but that’s obviously a business model we’re comfortable with. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts - Buckingham Research
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: I think you said silicones sales were at pre-recession levels, how do you explain that. The global economy is not at pre-recession levels and some sectors like construction are well off pre-recession levels. 
James Flaws : So silicones continue to gain in emerging areas as they move up in terms of average kilograms per person. And second as I mentioned on the call we think we gained a little market share from some of our competitors. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Do you think higher oil prices which push up acrylics and other things are allowing some of that share gain. 
James Flaws : I would say its superior performance by our team versus some of our competitors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer : My first question is on SCP, can you talk about what the capacity situation is there, and whether you think SCP can keep up with the growth in capacity, some of the main customers are Samsung and LG over in Korea.
James Flaws : SCP is running relatively full right now but they clearly are very closely connected to their two large customers and we’ll be able to keep up as appropriate. Now they have a great relationship with actually both of them and intend to have capacity in place for whatever is needed.  I will point out that neither of the large Koreans are ramping that much right now but clearly SCP has got in their plans their ability to keep up with them. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer : And then in terms of the US going back to the question of digital conversion, obviously there was an uptick just ahead of when that went live but do you see this as an ongoing process, in other words a lot of people just went out and got boxes, do you think a lot of those people are still kind of hankering to go out and buy new TVs so that upside from digital conversion could potentially last a year or two or three. 
James Flaws : We know that the digital conversion I was referring to was that some people went out and bought televisions last year rather than buying converters and that’s when we saw these little spikes in the small sized television. Our theory was those who still get their signal by rabbit ear probably are also people with small televisions and they went out and bought them.  Our opinion is that you have to [inaudible] and we think everybody hankers after and LCD television and so we would expect that people will gradually that even though they just converted will gradually over time replace those CRTs with small sized televisions and frankly the price points of small televisions are phenomenal. This past Christmas we saw an interesting pricing phenomenon where as Christmas 2008 the 26 television was really hot. That same price point bought you a 32 this past Christmas so, we think that those people will eventually convert. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer : And then do you expect, when you look at the upside to your expectations for all of 2009 do you think that upside in LCD TV sales came primarily from stronger than expected TV sales in general, or from a faster than expected migration from CRT to LCD.
James Flaws : I think there was both going on. We actually, the total television market was better than what our original expectations were. We clearly saw CRTs dropping faster. We saw the benefit of people getting subsidies. We think we’re also beginning to get a little bit of effect from people recognizing that LCDs are more energy efficient than CRT. So we think all those things contributed and basically we think all those same drivers exist for us in this upcoming year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan 
Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan : I was wondering if you could talk qualitatively not to preempt your February 5th commentary on the longer-term implications for LCD glass seasonality now that the emerging markets have increased prominence and demand and the refresh rate on LCD TV sales suggest high penetration rates are possible or even likely and I think along the lines of mobile phones and [year two] greater than 100% penetration in some areas, should we be thinking about a new pattern of seasonality both within and beyond 2010. 
James Flaws : Possibly, what we have to do is first of all we have to break the market into two pieces, one would be IT which I don’t think has gotten enough attention lately. IT was particularly weak this past year and we and many other people are looking for IT growth. But then you have the television market which has very unusual seasonality but it varies throughout the world.  So we look at China which we expect very shortly to be the largest market for televisions. The seasonality is much flatter throughout the course of the year with these big spikes from holidays. There are a number of holidays there.  And we got the United States which is very strong beginning of the year, very strong at the end of the year. Europe is similar to the United States but a little more muted. And then Japan is relatively flat all year long so it will be a balance of those. But we’ll be seeing a shifting.  What we don’t know enough about is the seasonality of televisions in other emerging markets that we don’t have, its hard to get good data on that. But we clearly expect to see the seasonality of the business shifting from what its been. And then of course the biggest factor of seasonality as we see it, is also relates to what happens on inventory in the supply chain. But I think maybe one of our upcoming conferences we’ll try to give you some more help on seasonality going forward. 
Paul Bonenfant – Morgan Keegan : And a quick question of clarification, you mentioned during the call that your expectations for LCD glass industry in 2010 are likely higher than your previous expectations, are you referring to your previous calls for 2.7 top 2.8 billion square feet in 2010.
James Flaws : Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: The first question is let me ask the recent interest from PC makers and tablets, can you sort of discuss what kind of design wins you have, how much content that you can get in that sort of category, and what your expectations for this year are, for both your Display as well as Specialty Materials segment. 
Wendell Weeks : We’re doing very well in the IT space. We’re not going to talk about specific design wins especially in the tablet area, so we’ll have to see how this market develops but we feel really good about the strength of our value proposition and the strength of our product. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Could you say that at least in the tablets that are out there that you have the majority share in some of the wins in terms of value added products.  
Wendell Weeks : Well its real early in things like tablets so, and I think we’ve yet to see really the definitive product set to the tablet area. So we’re going to be pretty shy about talking about which customers we’re in with and exactly how that market is evolving.  I think suffice it to say that glass area matters to glass makers and one of the things that we’re encouraged about is our opportunities as touch technology moves beyond the handheld now into bigger and bigger devices, augmented by among other things Windows 7. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then just looking at [10 G] could you give us some indication as to outside of Japan whether this year you expect any significant announcements from your customers on adopting 10 G.
Wendell Weeks :  A number of our customers are looking very closely at 10 G. But we don’t want to steal their thunder one way or the other. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch 
Wamsi Mohan – B of A Merrill Lynch :  You mentioned all the tanks effected by outages will be back on line in Q1 but can you perhaps comment on your current expectations on the progression of additional capacity to be brought on line through the course of the year. 
James Flaws : So we have by the end of Q1 basically all the tanks will be up and running that we had down and so clearly to go into Q2, you get even more effect from that. And then of course the Gen 10 operation will provide a lot of glass for us and that is not running at full output yet. So that will give us a lot of opportunity and then lastly we have some decisions to make about some of the capacity that shut down in the original part of our Japanese factory actually hasn’t been running since the end of 2008 and whether that will be needed. So we haven’t made any decisions there but clearly there is opportunity if we need it.  I have a couple of investor related announcements before we wrap up, first of all as you heard many times throughout the script, we will be holding our Investor Meeting next Friday, February 5th at the Times Center in New York City. If you’re interested in attending, I strongly advise you to register for the event in advance on our website.  We will begin that day at 7:45 in the morning when we open the doors for our product and research review. That will be your opportunity to speak informally with business managers and researchers about our latest products and emerging technologies.  I think you’ll all enjoy the Gorilla Glass demonstration we’re planning as well as some of the solar glass testing we’ve set up. You should be interested in our new Pretium Edge network demo which we unveiled at an industry conference recently.  And lastly we will have a full sized piece of Gen 10 glass. I would like to remind you that the product booth closes at 9:00 and will not reopen, so we urge you to get there at 7:45. At 9:00 formal presentations will kick off and you’ll be hearing from many members of our management team discussing outlook for 2010 and we will have a spirited Q&A session. The event is scheduled to end around noon and we hope to see you all there. Lastly a couple of upcoming events, on February 11th we’ll be in Dallas and we’ll be holding a luncheon. If you’re interested in attending, please let our IR group know. And then on February 23rd, we’ll be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet conference in San Francisco.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ken Sofio – Division VP, IR Jim Flaws – Vice Chairman & CFO Wendell Weeks – Chairman & CEO
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Steven Fox - CLSA Jim Suva - Citigroup Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC John Roberts - Buckingham Research Vijay Rakesh - Thinkpanmure LLC Brian White - [Unidentified Firm] Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Corning Incorporated third quarter results. (Operator Instructions) I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Division Vice President of Investor Relations Ken Sofio. Please go ahead.
Ken Sofio: Thanks. Good morning. Welcome to Corning's third quarter conference call.  Jim Flaws, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, our Chairman and CEO, will join for the Q&A.  Today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim?
Jim Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone.  This morning we released our results for the third quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. We have posted the accompanying slides online as well.  In summary, we're very pleased with our third quarter results. Before I get into the details, I'd like to walk you through the key points we'll be covering this morning.  First, our third quarter sales and profitability were stronger than the second quarter. Sales were up sequentially in every one of our segments. Second, we believe LCD supply chain inventories at the end of the third quarter were at appropriate levels to meet fourth quarter demand. Third, anecdotal data suggests LCD television sales in China were very robust during Golden Week. It appears the amount of inventory built for the holiday week was appropriate to meet the strong demand there. Fourth, retail sales of LCD televisions remained strong worldwide throughout third quarter. This helped pull a significant amount of product through the supply chain and kept inventory levels healthy. We anticipate the strong retail environment to continue in the fourth quarter.  Fifth, we want to be clear on what we believe may happen in the fourth quarter in the display industry. After significant increases in all applications for most of the year, we expect panel pricing to continue to gradually decline in the fourth quarter. We do not view gradual panel price declines in the fourth quarter as a negative.  We also believe panel makers may lower their utilization rates later in this quarter. Exact timing is up to the individual panel maker, and the decision will likely be driven by the strength of quarter four sell through, expectations for Q1, and the amount of panel inventory they want entering Q1. We do not believe utilization rates need to fall significantly, but barring a much stronger end market than we currently anticipate, they are likely to be reduced. This is important to the overall health of the supply chain and will help to maintain a reasonable level of inventory heading into Q1. Sixth, given the anticipated lower utilization rates of panel makers, we expect the overall glass market to be slightly lower sequentially in the fourth quarter. We expect our wholly owned business volume to be flat to down slightly sequentially. As we announced last Monday, our Taichung facility recently suffered a power disruption. This reduced the amount of glass we can manufacture this quarter. Before the event we thought our wholly owned volume could be up as much as 5% sequentially. Seventh, we expect our display glass prices to be flat in Q4 at both our wholly owned business and SCP.  Eight, we believe the glass industry has the appropriate amount of capacity to meet our expectations for the 2010 glass volume. Lastly, with our current view of the end market demand and supply chain we are now forecasting the 2010 LCD glass market to be 2.7 billion square feet, up about 15% from this year.  Now turning to the details, our third quarter sales were $1.5 billion, a 6% increase from the second quarter. Our Q3 sales did benefit from changes in exchange rate by about $35 million.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 40.5% in Q3 compared to 41.2% in Q2. This slight decline was due to $22 million in incremental accelerated depreciation charges related to the Shizuoka plant following the August earthquake there. Excluding these charges gross margin Q3 would have been 42%. Both our Display segment, excluding Shizuoka, and our Environmental segment had good manufacturing performance in the quarter.  SG&A was $219 million or 15% of sales in the quarter.  R&D was $131 million in Q3, about 9% of sales. Operating income was $48 million in Q3 compared to $41 million in Q2.  Equity earnings were $418 million in the third quarter, which is an all-time record for Corning and 16% higher than Q2. The significant increase was due to higher earnings at both Samsung Corning Precision and Dow Corning.  Our Q3 tax rate was 5% compared to zero in the prior quarter. This is a higher tax rate than previous quarters. It reflects a catch up this quarter for a higher tax rate for the year due to stronger second half earnings performance. We now expect our full year tax rate to be around 2%. For the first two quarters the tax rate was zero. Net income excluding special items was $654 million in Q3 compared to $614 in Q2. About $24 million of the increase was due to favorable exchange rates.  Earnings per share excluding special items were $0.42 compared to $0.39 in Q2. About $0.015 of the increase was due to favorable exchange rates.  You should note that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Our GAAP net income includes $10 million in special items. You should note the $22 million in incremental accelerated depreciation charges are not considered to be a special item.  Our share count for the third quarter was 1.57 billion shares and consistent with the second quarter. Now I'd like to turn to our segment results starting with Display. Third quarter sales were $679 million, slightly higher than Q2. Volume and pricing at our wholly owned business were flat sequentially. Sales benefited from the change in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate, which averaged 94 in Q3 versus 97 in Q2.  Display gross margin was slightly lower in Q3 compared to Q2 due to the accelerated depreciation. Besides not selling out inventory as we did in Q2, the stronger yen and good manufacturing performance at our Taiwan plants lifted our Display gross margin. In addition, the fixed cost drag from our Gen 10 plant was 350 basis points, lower than our original estimate of 550 basis points. Higher than expected volume production helped to offset the impact of fixed costs in Sakai City.  Equity earnings from SCP's LCD glass business were $317 million in the third quarter, an increase of 12% compared to $284 million in Q2. Volume was up 7% sequentially and pricing was flat. SCP also benefited from changes in exchange rates. For your modeling purposes, SCP third quarter LCD sales were $1 billion, up 9% versus the second quarter. As a reminder, this represents SCP LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP's total sales, which include CRT glass and other product sales.  Net income in the Display segment, which includes equity earnings, was $600 million in the third quarter versus $555 million in the second quarter. As a reminder, Display's third quarter results include the $22 million in incremental accelerated depreciation. Regarding our Shizuoka facility, the restart of production is on track. We restarted some capacity in September and more in October. We already have good glass from the first restarted tank. Now would be a good time to give you an update on our Taichung facility. Last weekend the facility suffered a power disruption. There are backup systems in place, but for some of our tanks these systems did not respond as they should have. They're still working to determine the root cause of the incident and the actions to reduce our risk of this event occurring in the future.  The power disruption adversely impacted some of our tanks. These tanks will not have to be brought down to room temperature to be repaired, but it will still take between several weeks and two months to get them back online depending on the tank and the extent of the work involved. We're doing everything possible to accelerate the repairs and are very encouraged about the progress that has been made in just the last week.  In the meantime, we'll be leveraging our worldwide supply chain to secure additional glass supply for our customers. We will likely not be able to secure enough glass to offset all the lost capacity; however, between accelerating our repairs and obtaining glass from other sources, we believe glass volume at our wholly owned business could be flat to down slightly sequentially. Prior to this event we thought our wholly owned glass volume could have been up as much as 5% in Q4.  We'll incur about $11 million accelerated depreciation charges in Q4 related to the repairs from the power disruption. I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain, starting with retail. Strong demand for LCD TVs continued throughout the third quarter. Worldwide, LCD television unit sales at retail were up 29% in July, 27% in August. We don't have complete data for September to provide a worldwide growth figure for that month, but for the regions that do have data it's continued to be positive. As a reminder, worldwide retail sell through is an aggregate of the data provided by different data vendors in each of the primary TV sales regions - China, Europe, Japan, and the U.S.  The most significant growth regions were Japan and China. In Japan LCD TV unit sales were up 61% in July, 57% in August, and 66% in September. Year-to-date sales are up 42% in Japan. In China unit sales were up 60% in July, 64% in August, and 75% in September. Year-to-date sales in China are up 70%. We also have some data on Golden Week sales which I'll discuss in a moment. In Europe LCD TV unit sales were also very strong. In July and August sales were up 22% and 13%, respectively. We do not have September data yet for Europe.  In the United States LCD TV unit sales were up 13% in July, 16% in August and 22% in September. As a reminder, the U.S. data is provided by NPD and their data does not include Wal-Mart or Costco; however, Costco recently reported August LCD TV unit sales grew at 32% over the prior year and their September sales were up 35%. This higher growth rate supports our belief that U.S. sell through growth is likely more robust than NPD coverage indicates. We also have the first week of October data for the U.S. LCD TV sales, which are up 23% versus last year, but recall that television sales were fairly weak in the first half of October last year in the United States.  So overall the data we have so far suggests worldwide LCD TV sales in Q3 remained robust.  I'd like to spend a few moments discussing Golden Week in China. This was a topic of concern for our investors earlier in Q3. There were many who feared there was too much inventory built in anticipation of Golden Week and that retail sales would not be strong enough, leaving too much inventory in the supply chain.  As you may recall, our modeling suggested there were about 8 to 9 weeks in inventory in China to go with about 4 million sets. We estimated about 2.4 million sets would need to be sold to justify this amount of inventory.  I'm pleased to say that our internal checks with set assemblers and retailers on the ground indicate that LCD TV sales during Golden Week were spectacular. Industry estimates indicate about 2.6 million sets were sold between October 1st and October 8th, at least double the amount of televisions sold last year in the holiday period. So in hindsight, the inventory build was justified.  Looking ahead, we believe inventory levels now in China are in line with volume expectations for the rest of the quarter, which are also expected to be robust.  Getting back to the overall supply chain, we believe the total inventory in terms of equivalent square feet of glass was about 8 million exiting Q3. This would be inventory at the panel makers, set assembly and at retail. This is in line with our original estimate. Given the market size and expectations for Q4, we would say this level of inventory is reasonable. In terms of total panel making, inventory as measured in equivalent square feet. At the end of Q3 they were a little more than half of what they were in Q3 of last year.  At the set assembly level, inventories as measured in square feet have increased in comparison the second quarter as expected. At the end of Q3 our model suggests they're about 9% less than Q3 last year. We expect set assembly level inventories to decrease in Q4 as retail pulls more inventory out of the supply chain.  And at retail we believe inventories there also increased compared to Q2 and are up about 10% in comparison to the third quarter of last year. It's worth noting we estimate retail sales have been up over 15% year-over-year throughout the third quarter, so we do not consider these levels to be excessive, especially in light of the strong China holiday week sales. Looking ahead to Q4, we expect retail inventory levels to decline.  So overall, inventory levels and supply chain appear to be at reasonable levels heading into Q4. I'll have some more comments on Q4 in the outlook section. Moving to the Environment segment, sales in the third quarter were $167 million, an increase of 27% over the second quarter and much higher than we expected. Auto product sales were $103 million and up 21% sequentially. Sales were driven primarily by government incentives in China, Germany and the United States, which helped pull inventory out of the supply chain and increase demand for us.  We're pleased with the spike in demand, but we don't believe it's sustainable. The U.S. cash for clunkers program was a success, but overall we still expect worldwide auto sales to remain at depressed levels. As a result, we took certain restructuring actions in the third quarter to better align our capacity with a smaller market.  Diesel sales in the third quarter were $64 million, up 36% sequentially. Industry data indicated that September was the fourth straight month of increased heavy duty truck orders. We believe this order trend is driven by the industry activity ahead of the 2010 heavy duty emission mandate, so unfortunately it does not appear that our improved sales are as a result of a recovery in the freight industry.  The segment incurred a net loss of $4 million in the third quarter versus a net loss of $9 million in Q2.  Moving to the Telecommunications segment, sales in the third quarter were $450 million, an increase of 3% versus Q2 and in line with our expectations. We saw strong demand for optical fiber in China during the quarter. In North America, strong demand for private network products was offset by weaker fiber to the home product sales. In Europe our sales quarter to quarter were consistent; however, compared to last year the European telecom market this year has declined due to lower capital spending by our customers. Sales of our fiber and cable products in the third quarter were $251 million, an increase of 7% sequentially. China's 3G build out was the primary driver again this quarter.  Sales of hardware and equipment products were $199 million in Q3, a slight decline from Q2.  Segment net income was $21 million in the third quarter compared to $18 million in the second quarter.  Sales in our Specialty Materials segment were $90 million in Q3, up 27% versus Q2 and more than we expected. The increase in sales was primarily due to strong demand for Gorilla glass and recovery in the semiconductor market. The segment incurred a net loss of $11 million in Q3, which was comparable to Q2. In the Life Science segment, sales for the third quarter were $92 million compared to $81 million in the second quarter. Q3 sales included $7 million from the recently acquired company, Axygen. We believe Axygen's product portfolio and established distribution network will significantly strengthen Corning's Life Science platform. Segment net income was $12 million versus $9 million in Q2. Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings in Q3 were $92 million, up 59% versus second quarter's $58 million. This sequential increase was driven by higher demand in both the Silicone segment as well as Hemlock. Silicone sales have grown each month over the past several months. Hemlock benefited from capacity that came online during the quarter. For modeling purposes, Dow Corning sales were $1.4 billion in Q3 compared to $1.2 billion in Q2. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with about $2.9 billion in cash and short-term investments, down from $3.1 billion last quarter. The decrease in cash was primarily due to the acquisition of Axygen in the quarter, which was approximately $400 million, as well as capital expenditures of $236 million.  Free cash flow was an outflow of $114 million in Q3. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure, and the GAAP reconciliation is on our website.  We were successful in reducing inventories again from $647 million at the end of Q2 to $618 million at the end of Q3. The biggest decline this quarter came from Environmental and Telecom.  Now I'd like to turn to our outlook, and I'll start with Display. We expect glass volume in our wholly owned business to be flat to down slightly sequentially, but SCP glass volume is expected to be flat quarter to quarter. We anticipate our glass pricing at both our wholly owned business and SCP to be flat sequentially. Gross margin in our Display business will be higher in the fourth quarter as the non-repeating Shizuoka repair costs will be only somewhat offset by repair costs at Taichung. Fixed cost drag from our Gen 10 plant in Q4 should be comparable to Q3.  I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss our view of what we anticipate will happen in the Display supply chain this quarter. We hope this will help investors understand what to expect and how to react to specific announcements. And I'll also have some early thoughts about Q1 and next year. We believe investors currently have two main supply chain-related concerns that are shorter term in nature. First, how will the supply chain react to falling panel pricing? And second, will there be too much inventory heading into Q1? The answer to both questions will be driven to some extent by how well the panel makers manage panel prices and whether retail demand remains strong.  We expect panel makers to lower their utilization rates later this quarter. We think the panel makers remember the lessons learned last year when they kept running at higher utilization rates despite falling panel prices. As a reminder, we believe that a significant portion of panel maker costs are variable not fixed. However, we do not expect panel makers to reduce their utilization rates significantly. We expect more moderate reductions than we saw last year. We believe utilization rates for the panel makers outside of Korea will fall from about 90% to somewhere in the 70s later this quarter.  This type of rate cut would be viewed positively by us since running at lower rates will reduce the number of panels produced and hopefully be an additional pressure on panel prices. But exact timing of when panel makers will cut utilization is up to individual panel makers. Their decision will likely be influenced by the strength of sell through in Q4, expectations for Q1 demand, and the amount of panel inventory they want entering Q1. We expect panel prices to continue to gradually decline in the fourth quarter.  At this time we do not view this as a negative. As a reminder, panel prices rose significantly in all applications through most of the year. For example, a 32-inch television panel rose from $150 in January to $205 this fall.  You should note when we reference panel prices, whether or not they've increased or decreased, we are using what is known as the low estimate from WitsView. WitsView publishes panel pricing by end product every two weeks. It provides a low, average and high estimate. Based on our discussion with panel makers, we believe the low estimates are the best indicators of supply and demand.  We now have panel price data for October and noted that declines have been gradual. In the last two weeks of October television panel pricing was down $2 to $5, which we consider to be very reasonable, and notebook prices were flat in the last two weeks of October after being reduced by $3 in the first half of the month. Monitors have seen the most price declines in October. Prices have come down $3 to $4 in the first half and second half of October, respectively.  Regarding retail, the fourth quarter is shaking up to be stronger than we expected as evidenced by the data we shared earlier. There will be very attractive retail pricing for LCD televisions that should spur additional demand. A strong retail environment will pull inventory out of the supply chain. Panel makers running at lower utilization rates will help maintain healthy inventory levels into Q1.  Right now our supply chain models indicate there'll be approximately 750 million square feet of inventory exiting Q4. If this happens, we believe this is healthy in comparison to a market of this size. Obviously, if retail continues to be strong and panel makers manage their production levels appropriately, this will be better for glass demand in Q1. So in summary, while it's possible there could be too much inventory headed into Q1, we do not view it as the most likely case. We feel good about the supply chain today and expect it to remain healthy heading into Q1.  Looking ahead to the first quarter, we expect the Taiwanese panel makers to reduce utilization rates further in Q1 to correspond with seasonally lower demand. As a result, we expect first quarter glass demand to be lower. In Korea we expect panel makers to also reduce their utilization rates but to a much lesser extent than in Taiwan. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect utilization rates at the Taiwanese panel makers to snap back as they prepare to meet seasonally stronger second half demand. In this environment, we expect second quarter glass demand to increase significantly. Another shorter term investor concern is the amount of industry glass capacity heading into seasonally lower Q1. Overall, we believe the glass industry has the appropriate amount of capacity to meet 2010 demand expectations. We do not believe we will have a significant amount of excess capacity given our expectations of 2010 demand.  In Q1 we're likely to continue to run our tanks and build some inventory. We also have routine maintenance scheduled on a few tanks in the first quarter. If it appears that we do not need the capacity from those tanks, we could decide to repair them but not restart them until they're needed. Given our expectations for end market demand next year and glass supply in the industry, we believe the glass market will be balanced to tight next year post Q1.  Our recent forecast suggests the worldwide glass market will be about 2.7 billion square feet in 2010, an increase of around 15%. We expect about 156 million LCD TV unit sales next year, up from around 130 million this year.  I also have some guidance for other segments. In our Telecom segment we expect Q4 sales to be down 15%. As a reminder, fourth quarter sales are normally lower compared to the third quarter.  In our Environmental segment we expect Q4 sales to be between 10% to 15% lower sequentially. This decline reflects normal seasonality plus the expected drop off in demand following the end of the cash for clunkers program in the United States.  In Life Sciences we anticipate Q4 sales to grow more than 25% sequentially, all due to Axygen, which is the company we acquired in mid September. Excluding Axygen, Life Science sales would have been just slightly lower. In Specialty Materials we expect Q4 sales to be flat to down 5%.  And at Dow Corning we're expecting another good quarter. We believe equity earnings could grow 10% to 15% sequentially.  Moving to the income statement, we expect our corporate gross margin will be consistent with the third quarter as the increase in Display will be offset by lower volumes in Environmental and Telecom. SG&A will be slightly higher, reflecting normal year end accruals. R&D will likely be around 10% of sales. We expect our tax rate to be between 2% and 3% in Q4.  Investors should note that our results can be materially influenced by the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate. For Q3 the yen averaged 93. For every 1-point move in the yen our net income moves by about $9 million. So if the yen were to average 91 in Q4, net income would benefit by about $18 million or roughly $0.01 of earnings per share.  Before I head into Q&A, I'd like to make some overall comments. At the beginning of the year we told investors our sales plan for the year was $5 billion. If you recall, this was not universally accepted by investors and rightly so since our sales at the time were only about $1 billion a quarter. But we had a plan to get there as well as actions to reduce our cost structure. At this time we believe we're on track to exceed the $5 billion sales plan, and based on Street estimates so do most of you. Our cost structure is certainly better although there are some actions that needed to be completed this quarter.  That being said, not all lights are green in the worldwide economy, so we continue to be cautious with our expectations until we see more improvement. Outside of LCD television, which continues to be a resilient consumer purchase worldwide, and China, which has created significant demand for fiber and auto substrates, there's still room for caution. With that, we're happy to take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Jim, have you started to see retail inventory levels decline as we head into the holidays or is it too early to tell? And can we see a scenario where retailers don't have enough inventory? And conversely, if we don't get the sell through that we're anticipating, are there indications that the panel makers will move faster this time around to adjust their utilization rates?
Jim Flaws: We think retail inventories are appropriate right now. I guess you can imagine a scenario where demand is very strong and maybe there would be shortages, but right now we think they're at an appropriate level and that retailers have built a little to get ready for the holiday season in this country and in Europe, in particular. It's hard for us to predict the reaction of panel makers to demand. I think everybody remembers last year when panel prices fell so dramatically, but we don't feel we're seeing a repeat of that, so we think it's unlikely that we'll see drastic reductions in utilizations. But it's difficult to forecast.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: And separately, Jim, as you have more visibility into your planning as your overall demand picture firms up for next year, how shall we think about operating expenses, R&D in particular, as we start 2010?
Jim Flaws: I think you'll see R&D levels be relatively consistent year-over-year, so I don't think you'll see a big shift there. SG&A will probably [inaudible] with inflation, but, again, I don't think you should expect to see big changes in SG&A.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Jim, I appreciate the outlook in terms of seasonal volume for the first half. I was hoping maybe you could comment on what you would expect for Display gross margins if what you presented occurs?
Jim Flaws: For which period of time, C.J.?
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: For Q1 and Q2?
Jim Flaws: Well, obviously, we hope to have no repeats of various upsets like the earthquake or the power disruption, so that's an improver to gross margin. We expect volume to grow at our Gen 10 factory, so that should help. And even though demand will be down slightly we're thinking that we will continue to run our tanks, so we should not be seeing a down draft from cutting off demand there. So I would say we expect gross margins to be better in Q1 versus Q4.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: And then I guess moving to Dow Corning, I kind of think of it as a late cycle traditional type business with Hemlock added to the mix, which at some point I would think we would start to see some pricing risk there. How do you think about the growth rate for that business into 2010 and 2011, and what kind of both earnings and dividends should we expect?
Jim Flaws: I'm not ready to give guidance on Dow Corning for next year at this stage. We have seen increased demand for silicones all year long. And we saw something very unusual for Dow Corning in late December of '08 and January of 2009, where usually we don't see a violent a move in terms of destocking by our customers as we saw this time. I think we're past that and we've seen consistent robust demand overall, some saying it's stronger than others, but they have a very high R squared versus economic growth around the world, so it all depends on what you think a growth rate is. If economies grow they will grow in silicones.  Hemlock, it's much more difficult to predict. Obviously, spot prices are down quite a bit, but our customers all continue to take their contractual obligations. And so we'll just have to see how the solar spot market develops.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Can you comment on where pricing is for contracts relative to spot?
Jim Flaws: In quarter three spot was still above our contracts.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Fox - CLSA.
Steven Fox - CLSA: First of all on Gen 10, given the better than expected or less than expected drag in the quarter, why does the Gen 10 factory still have the same type of margin drag this quarter? And if you can also just sort of play out when it would get sort of to a neutral effect on margins.
Jim Flaws: Because we're bringing on an additional unit of capacity in this quarter, which, with fixed costs it'll just be starting up and there'll be no production off the tank that we're starting up. So even though there's more volume, we have some more additional fixed costs that's not producing. And I would say as we exit next year, assuming that our customers are taking all the volume that they've said they're going to, it shouldn't be a drag. 
Steven Fox - CLSA: I think I heard that you said the fiber to home business or sales into that type of market were less than expected or a negative offset. Can you just talk about what's going on in that market, how it's being affected by the economy and how it could play out into next year from what you're hearing from the carriers?
Jim Flaws: Well, for fiber to the home what we're seeing is more of a slowdown in some of the major projects around the world. Some of it's inventory correction at those carriers where fiber to the home is well established and just how they're managing their projects, but in Europe we're seeing a little bit more of a slowdown versus what we expected. And I think that's driven by a combination of regulatory debate and just timing on more full commitments from some of the major players there.
Steven Fox - CLSA: So does that make you more cautious about that market for next year at this point?
Jim Flaws: I would say it's too early for us to comment on Telecom next year. Telecom tends to be a business that is going to lag into any slowdown and lag out of any slowdown because of the difficulty and complexity of the civil works projects. I think it makes it not react one for one with the economy in the same timeframe.  I think the real news on Telecom this year is we predicted it to be down in the double digits, and around that world that's been pretty true with the exception of China, which has just been on fire. So China's really offset especially Europe, which is a little slower than what we thought, and we expect China demand to continue into the early part of next year, so that's good.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Suva - Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Just to help us clarify - and I've got a couple of questions from investors on this - as you talk about how the panel makers are going to fluctuate their production, you know, seasonally down in Q4 and down in Q1, then up in Q2, when I look at your inventory, which was down this quarter about 4.5% and you talk about some production issues because of the earthquake and the power outage, it looks like you indeed do need to rebuild inventory. Can you help us figure out or understand your production Q4/Q1 levels? It looks like you would probably have to run a little bit more output relative to the panel makers just to rebuild inventory. Is that the best way to think of it?
Jim Flaws: The answer's yes. In Q4 we're going to be running everything we possibly can to meet the demand of the panel makers given the issue we had with the tanks in Taichung. And as I said in my remarks, in Q1 we will likely rebuild inventories in Q1 because we don't have any inventory for all practical purposes in the display business right now. So we will keep our tanks running and build some inventory back to more normalized levels, and we're very comfortable with that given that we have almost none today and obviously we believe Q2 will be very robust demand next year.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: And I thought, though, that you had a couple of comments about Q1 - you may take some off for repairs?
Jim Flaws: No, I said that we have some scheduled for normal repairs, and to a certain degree we almost have tanks every quarter have normal repairs. And what I was commenting was if for some reason we saw something adverse in the marketplace we could just leave them down after the normal repair. But we have no plans to do that.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: A lot of the panel makers have been putting up some panel making production in mainland China. Can you just comment, do you have plans to put up a glass site in China at some point or is just not the supply chain up to speed there as we kind of notice once in awhile when there's a power outage or loss of water or earthquake or something like that, even in more developed countries, you're already starting to have some challenges there, so any thoughts about glass production in mainland China? And what tax rate should we expect for full year 2010? 
Wendell Weeks: Let me start with China, and then Jim can address the tax rate question. So what we've seen is a number of panel maker announcements of doing a panel production site in very large size panel facilities. What we're doing and we've been investigating it for awhile now is we're engaged with the appropriate people in China and our customers working through a decision on what to do about melting in China. Today we currently do glass finishing in China. And we'll work our way through that decision over the coming set of months and come to a decision on if we're going to put melting in China then, if so, where and how that will tie with the various panel production announcements that we've seen around the country. There aren't particular things about the infrastructure that concern us. We do extensive manufacturing in China in large number of our businesses today, and we feel very confident we've had the ability to do that in LCD as well. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: And then on the tax rate for 2010.
Jim Flaws: The tax rate for 2010 we expect to be just slightly below 10%, but that is very dependent on what Congress does on the tax extenders bill. If they were to pass a tax extenders bill, it could be a lower rate than that, but obviously it's very difficult to forecast whether that's going to happen or not. So as soon as we know more about that we'll let you know, but if they don't pass it, it'll be slightly under 10%.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly when you said that you think panel makers outside Korea may bring down utilization to about 70%. I believe they've guided to 90% in the fourth quarter, so I just wanted to see if your comment was more about a point in time and how you'd reconcile those two?
Jim Flaws: So that would be our point of view as we are exiting the fourth quarter. I'm not talking about the fourth quarter as an average. I'll say it again - that's our point of view; it's not what the panel makers are saying. It's just what our belief is likely to occur.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: And so if it weren't to occur then you would presumably think that inventories could exit higher in Q4 than what you're foreseeing right now?
Jim Flaws: Well, I think it would depend on what their reason was for doing that and whether they felt that their inventories were too low or what retail demand was. The absolute math is yes; if we're right on demand they run more than what we said then there would be some more inventory.
Wendell Weeks: At this time we're expecting the overall supply chain inventory in glass to drop between the end of quarter three and the end of quarter four, so the dialogue around which panel makers run at what utilization, it's main impact will be around how much is that supply chain reduced overall. We would like it to end a little lower because Q1 tends to be a seasonally low demand quarter.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just a couple of quick questions on the Specialty Materials business. I saw very nice growth there of about 27% sequentially, but net losses were flat. I just wanted to see if you can comment on what it would take for profitability there to improve. And then looking into the fourth quarter, you're guiding that business down slightly. I would have thought that would be an ongoing very significant upturn in the semiconductor equipment cycle in addition to the real glass uptake you would see sequential growth in Q4 again. 
Wendell Weeks: For us what will move the profitability, we have a mix affect going on with a positive push from Gorilla but still negative from the very low utilization in our semiconductor optics plants. Even with an uptick in semiconductor demand, remember there is a significant gap in time between equipment demand and uptick in actual semiconductor sales. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Looking forward to 2010, wondering how you think your growth might compare to the overall market in glass. And what I'm wondering is given the production issues that you've had outside of Korea over the last couple of months, it's probably fair to say you've lost a little bit of share. I'm wondering if you could get that back next year?
Wendell Weeks: What typically happens in this market is that share losses that come from events like we've been experiencing tend to be pretty temporary in nature. That's one of the reasons why, despite an expectation of the market to be sort of flat to down slightly in quarter four, we originally expected to be up versus that market, up as much as 5%. And that is because in quarter three we would have had a drag from our inability to supply our customers everything that they wanted. So that has been our experience in the business. We would hope that that experience would extend into the future and that, as some of our production issues come under control, that we'll be able to relatively quickly recapture our position in the marketplace.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: You had some strength in private networks in the Telecom business. I'm wondering if you could give us some color on what applications that went into and how your Multimode ClearCurve is doing. 
Wendell Weeks:  Well, I think in a way your second part of the question helps address the first, which is we saw it in some major data centers and also we're seeing some great pull for us for our brand-new product suite that's enabled by the ClearCurve Multimode fiber. We call this product suite the Landscape [Preterminated] Solution, and demand there has been very strong. And we're seeing the value prop really hold up, up to 35% faster deployment, 25% faster moves, and about 100% more density than traditional preterminated solutions. So we're very happy with how that's going.  And the private networks business did a little better this year than what we'd thought going in, and we're pleased to see that resilience.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: Just a clarification on the LCD gross margin - it looked like it was up sequentially if I strip out this accelerated depreciation charge. Is that correct?
Jim Flaws: I'll have to check, Nikos. I didn't think about it that way. I'll get back with you on it.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS:  I guess while you're looking that up, can you give an update on the Gen 10 competitive situation? You're starting to ship now. What's your sense of how you're doing competitively? Are other shipping or do you feel like you're the sole source? Can you give some comments on that?
Wendell Weeks: All along for us in Gen 10 we anticipated that although we would be far and away the majority supplier that we would have some alternative suppliers in the supply chain. We see nothing that would have us conclude differently than that original set of assumptions. What we're delighted with is the start up for both ourselves and our customers have been very good and better than actually our previous experience has been on introducing a new generation in Japan.  So we're seeing some of the benefits of the level of integration that we have in Sakai City. It's still early to over conclude from that data that this early experience will continue into the future. But we feel really good right now about Gen 10, and our customer feels very good about the way in which this new integrated facility is working. 
Jim Flaws: To answer your question, gross margin was up slightly without the accelerated depreciation.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: And just one last one on gross margin. Do you have the SCP gross margin? I know last quarter there was a phenomenonal gross margin. I'm just curious what happened this quarter.
Jim Flaws: I don't have it in front of me, but it was phenomenonal again.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: A quick question here on overall outlook for glass in 2010. You're looking for 15% growth. I was hoping you could give us a little commentary in regards to where you see the most risk to that number, both on the upside and the downside. Where can you be wrong here?
Jim Flaws: We've proven we can be wrong just about everywhere. I think we feel probably the least risk about television. Obviously, we're looking for IP growth next year, and we could be wrong about that. I mean, it could be that IT doesn't grow as much, so I would say there's more risk in IT than there is in television. And then the other place, when we give you the glass market we obviously are making an assumption about what the supply chain will do cumulatively on inventories for the year, and therefore what they'd be exiting 2010 looking into 2011.  So I think in terms of impact on our 15% assumption, that's where we could have the most variability; second-most would be IT and then last would be television. 
Wendell Weeks: I'd echo what Jim is saying. I think one of the most interesting things about this year is in the face of the strong economic headwinds that the business continued to perform and grow very strongly, so we feel pretty good about that. And the top issue tends to be how does the supply chain interact and how does that cycle through the year as well as regional dynamics, so I would echo what Jim says.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: When we think about panel capacity growth next year, 15% glass [growth], what do you have looking capacity growth next year?
Wendell Weeks: Where panel capacity starts out, we think they have today enough panel capacity to meet demands next year, and there are some additional panel capacity going up. Jim, would you like to add anything to that?
Jim Flaws: We think it's going to grow again next year probably greater than our 15% slightly. But, again, there's always a difference between what people put the capacity in place and then how much they run it. And so I think clearly there are some new plants coming up next year. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Moving to ASPs, it sounds like, given your gross margin commentary for 1Q in Display, you're not expecting ASPs to come under too much pressure on the glass side. What about for the full year for 2010? I know you don't want to give formal guidance, but could we think about kind of a normal year in regards to ASP declines in 2010 being in kind of the mid to high single digits? Is that a reasonable assumption?
Wendell Weeks: I'm not going to give pricing guidance for next year. Obviously, it's our hope that we have very overall moderate price declines and that we're able to recover that through our own cost reduction.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: On Taiwan, can we talk about utilization rates there, if you could kind of walk though where you think utilization rates were in 3Q, where you see them exiting 4Q and possibly where you see them exiting 1Q?
Jim Flaws: Are you talking about for panel makers?
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, panel makers utilization.
Jim Flaws: That's way too specific for this call. I think they've been running relatively full in Q3. We expect at the end of Q4 that there'll be reductions, not through all of Q4. We expect them to stay down for part of Q1, and then as they exit Q1 we expect them to be ramping up. But I'm not going to give you specific numbers month by month. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: This last question might be a little too detailed also, but I'm going to give it a shot. Just on Dow Corning, as it becomes a relative large portion of the earnings here I was hoping to get a little bit more color in regards to the earnings breakout in regards to Hemlock versus the Dow Corning segment of the business. Do you have a sense on the earnings contribution there in the most recent quarter?
Wendell Weeks: I do, but we're not giving out that detail. What we've said in the past is Hemlock is extraordinarily profitable, and it's much closer to Display than it is to Telecom, so that's the way you ought to think about it. But other than that we don't give out details.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: Looking into 2010, with your exposure to Taiwanese guys who have consequent exposure to the Chinese TV manufacturers, is it a reasonable assumption to think that you will outgrow your 15% volume growth, the industry volume growth, next year?
Jim Flaws: Regional mix is probably the hardest thing to call, so I think what is the most reliable is, given your assumptions around market growth, is that together between our joint venture in Korea, Samsung Corning Precision and our wholly owned operations in Taiwan, Japan, and mainland China, that we will perform with the market barring any minor shamoos one or the other.  Calling down at the next level of detail how much flows in a given region has proven to be too challenging for us to do consistently and well because it goes directly to our customers strategies, how they choose to run, what they're choosing to invest, how their brand performance goes. So it's just a little too tough for us to call with any great degree of precision. We'll comment on our beliefs about that as we roll into the beginning of the year next year in our normal analyst discussions in February. 
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: Okay, a quick follow on from that one down to your 20% TV growth for next year, what are you expecting the Chinese TV market to grow at within that? 
Jim Flaws: We're looking for China to probably grow close to 50%.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: My last question is on Q4, the Telecom segment, the 15% decline, is the majority of that decline coming out of the fiber segment?
Wendell Weeks: This follows our normal seasonality. For us in that business always quarter four tends to be a little bit lower, but I wouldn't say that fiber is down more than our cable systems business is. Because of the strong exposure in China I'd say fiber will be down a little bit less. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Roberts - Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Update us on your plans to make thin film solar substrate on some of the LCD capacity.
Wendell Weeks: So our solar project aimed at introducing a competitively advantaged substrate or superstrate for the various thin film solar production techniques continues to do very well versus our internal milestones. Laboratory level testing continues to reinforce our hypothesis that we have some innovations that can increase the conversion efficiency of thin film technology. And, once again, laboratory experiments continue to confirm our assumption that we could make thin glasses be incredibly durable and withstand the various significant testing that they must for a solar plant's lifetime.  So we continue to be encouraged by our progress in this program and, as we continue to make notable progress, within the confines of our confidentiality agreements we will make sure we share that with you. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: And secondly, should we think about the automotive environmental technology segment being more levered to U.S./European production or to global production? It sounds like your comments really track more the U.S./European post-clunkers program whereas the global numbers are a lot more stable, I think.
Jim Flaws: The only thing you're leaving out - you're leaving out Japan, Korea and China. China's very robust for us right now. We do well in Korea; Japan, I think, has always been our weakest market. So I think we've seen consistently strong demand in China, so our comments about the up and then down has been more related to what's happening with the impact of the incentive programs in the United States and Europe.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I'd echo that. It's the sequentials is where you get caught up in the Europe and U.S. piece, but our overall footprint here is exactly as Jim has described it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vijay Rakesh - Thinkpanmure LLC.
Vijay Rakesh - Thinkpanmure LLC: Looking out into the first quarter, I know you mentioned you needed to build back some inventory, but that combined with the fact that panel guys probably reduced their [inaudible] 70% exiting Q4, which is that [inaudible] in 1Q. Do you think net-net is it fair to assume that volumes probably, glass volumes probably still come down into 1Q for you seasonally?
Jim Flaws: Yes.
Vijay Rakesh - Thinkpanmure LLC: And just big picture, looking at 2010 on the glass supply side, this year we had earthquakes in Japan. You had a pretty nice stimulus in China and a [inaudible] here, so glass pricing has been pretty firm. Next year should it be more kind of in balance on the supply demand side?
Wendell Weeks: I'm not sure I follow your question. 
Vijay Rakesh - Thinkpanmure LLC: I was wondering does glass pricing come back into more normal trends next year versus this year when glass pricing has been flat to up mostly through the year.
Wendell Weeks: Glass pricing this year was down dramatically in the first quarter, down a little bit less in Q2, and then no declines in Q3 and Q4. We're not giving guidance for next year, but our hope for this industry over the long term is that we have moderate price declines year in, year out. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian White - [Unidentified Firm].
Brian White - Unidentified Firm: Just another question on glass pricing. When we look into fourth quarter, utilization rates are coming down. I think the panel makers have definitely taken a turn for the worse more recently, and their prices are coming down. So why do you think pricing for glass will be flat in the fourth quarter?
Jim Flaws: Because that's what we've negotiated with our customers already. 
Brian White - Unidentified Firm: Okay, so negotiation for the fourth quarter is already finished?
Jim Flaws: Yes.
Brian White - Unidentified Firm: And then just back to China. What type of lead time do you need to build fabs in China, and are there any local competitors we should be aware of?
Wendell Weeks: We know of a number of players who are trying to enter the LCD glass market in China. So far we have not seen any strong progress for many of them. We currently do finishing of LCD glass in China ourselves.  So as far as the timeline, it's a little too early for us to talk about that. A lot depends on the scale of what we would do, so what we first have to do is decide sort of whether we're going to put glass melting there, then where and how much, and then we'll be able to provide a little bit better guidance on timeframe. I'd note it is a relative long period of time. This isn't something that's going to sneak up on us or our investors. It takes a good amount of time to build a productive glass plant.
Brian White - Unidentified Firm: And if you wanted to, could you transfer equipment over to China from other sites in Taiwan, Japan, Korea?
Wendell Weeks: Sure. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: Yes, I want to give a try to a question that was asked previously. Obviously, over the course of 2009 there's been a big discrepancy in utilization between Korea and Taiwan. It seems like some of the underlying factors of that in terms of FX are beginning to reverse. One look at 2010, I mean, should we be expecting some kind of convergence in Korean and Taiwanese utilization rates?
Wendell Weeks: Once again, we think that in many ways is one of the hardest things to predict. We tend to think of that as our regional mix, and the level of competition and the complexity of that competition makes it incredibly hard to predict. You're right; to the extent that the FX advantage, the yuan is diminished, that will help other players around the world. But note also in Korea you have relatively strong brand alliances, which is also a factor.  So very difficult to predict. I think you're thinking about it directionally in the right way, but I would not over conclude. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: It seems as though LG and AUO both forecast some growth in their shipments for the fourth quarter. You indicated that you thought that shipments for the industry would be flattish. Do you think that what they're seeing is some share gains relative to smaller players or what else might explain the delta between your view and their view of the market in the fourth quarter?
Wendell Weeks: Relatively consistently we find differences between what specific panel makers predict and what we predict. Some of this has to do with the level in the supply chain and timing of how long it takes them to take our product and turn it and transform it into a finished panel. Some of it has to do with individual beliefs about relative share. Some of it has to do with differing individual beliefs about the end market.  By and large we have found it to be a relatively fruitless exercise to try to directly correlate with each of the individual players. Instead, we manage our capacity around our view of the end market, and that has proven to be at least as good as anybody else's view though far from perfect.
Ken Sofio: Operator, we're running a little over. Let's just do one more phone call.
Operator:  Certainly. Your last question comes from Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Two questions. The first is, just looking at your revenue mix, I think right now from a long-term perspective in Display you've said that you expect the two businesses, the consolidated and then Samsung Corning, position to be about the same size. In this quarter you reported I think almost 50% higher revenues from the Korean operations. So on a go forward basis, do you expect the current scenario to stay there?  And also just a better understanding of the manner in which you recognize revenue. It's still the case where the revenue is recognized not where you produce the glass, in what geography, but where it's sold, so we'd just like some color on that. 
Jim Flaws: I think we said for many years despite our thinking it would be different that our wholly owned in Korea turned out to be relatively equal. But that clearly has been tilted now with what happened really post the first half of 2008, where the Korean panel makers carried through the recession much stronger than what happened to the panel makers our wholly owned business provided. So we have not said for a long period of time now over the year that we would expect them to be relatively equal.  As Wendell said, we have a hard time predicting exactly what the balance will be going forward, and that will get exacerbated over the next few years by what decisions are made in China. But we no longer are saying they're going to be equal. I'm not sure I understood your second question. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Which is that the manner in which you recognize revenues for the two, for consolidated and for the Samsung Corning Precision, is not on where you produce the glass but more on where you sell it, the customer you sell it to. Is that still the case?
Jim Flaws: You recognize the revenues by the entity that sells it to the customer, so if we sell in Taiwan and that glass came to us from Korea, Korea would sell it to our entity in Taiwan and then we'd recognize it in Taiwan. Does that help answer your question?
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: So it would be recognized - if you sell it to Taiwan but the glass came from Korea it would be recognized as part of the consolidated sales?
Jim Flaws:  That's correct.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then the second question is just on the M&A front. You've said that you were looking at acquisitions quite actively in the middle of the year, and you've made your first material acquisition. Are you still active in looking at further traditional acquisitions right now, and could you give us some color on how rich the pipeline is?
Jim Flaws: As we said earlier this year, we've definitely turned our sites to supplement our organic growth with growth from acquisitions, and we are continuing to focus on that. But you shouldn't expect anything imminent. 
Ken Sofio: Jim?
Jim Flaws: Just a few wrap up comments related to our Investor Relations program. We'll be in Toronto hosting an investor luncheon on Wednesday, November 5th. Looking out to December, we'll be in New York City hosting investors at a luncheon on Thursday, December 3rd. If you're interested in attending either of those, please contact Ken or Ann. And lastly, we'll be presenting at the Barclays Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 9th, so we hope to see you at one of these events.  Ken?
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Wendell. Thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. It will run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Monday, November 9th. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 117492. The audiocast is also available on our website during this time. And that concludes our call today. Please disconnect all lines. 
Operator:  Thank you.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ken Sofio – Division VP, IR Jim Flaws – Vice Chairman & CFO Wendell Weeks – Chairman & CEO
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein Jim Suva - Citigroup Steven Fox - CLSA John Roberts - Buckingham Research Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC Paul Bonenfant - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Corning Incorporated second quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now with that being said, I'll turn the conference over to the Division Vice President of Investor Relations, Ken Sofio. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Sofio: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter conference call, also being audiocast today on our website. Jim Flaws, our Vice Chairman and CFO will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, Chairman and CEO will join the Q&A. Today's remarks contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim?
Jim Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. This morning we released our results for the second quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. We have also posted the company's slides on our website. We were extremely pleased with our results and hope that you are as well. Before I get into the details I want to walk you through the key points we'll be covering this morning.  First, second quarter sales, gross margin and profitability grew significantly, driven primarily by strong Display volume.  Two, we believe supply chain inventories at the end of the second quarter have rebuilt to levels similar to where we entered 2008 as the industry prepares for a stronger seasonal second half of the year. We estimate that the current inventory supplies are 16% less than quarter two last year compared to retail demand that's been actually running 15% ahead of a year ago. Retail demand for LCD products is forecasted to continue growing at double-digit rates in the back half of the year. This comparison gives us comfort about the current supply chain and the outlook for the remainder of the year. Third, retail sales of LCD televisions remained strong worldwide throughout the second quarter. This helped pull through a significant amount of product in the supply chain and kept inventory levels healthy. Fourth, based on the robust retail data in the first half, in our expectations for the second half we've increased our forecast of the LCD market glass volume this year from roughly 2.2 billion square feet to 2.3 billion square feet.  Fifth, we met 40% of our wholly owned Display shipments in quarter two by depleting our inventory. We need to and have restarted tanks to replace this inventory drawdown to meet quarter three demand. We have some decisions to make soon about whether or not to bring back capacity for quarter four, but we are proceeding cautiously until we have more information from our customers on their quarter four plans and, of course, we'll continue to monitor end market demand. Sixth, despite our efforts to bring required capacity online rapidly, we expect to be capacity constrained in Q3 and are prioritizing our glass allocation to customers with long-term supply agreements. Seventh, we expect our Q3 Display volumes to be flat to up slightly compared to the stronger-than-expected Q2 performance. We also expect Display gross margins to be consistent with Q2. You should note that our Display volume estimates for Q3 are much higher today than they were just a few months ago. Eight, we expect our Display glass prices to be flat in Q3 sequentially at both our wholly owned business and SCP. This is a dramatic improvement from the significant price declines we experienced in Q1.  Lastly, we expect consistent to modest sequential growth in our other businesses for the second quarter in a row and this could be an indication that our businesses may have hit bottom in Q1, so let me turn to the details.  Our second quarter sales were about $1.4 billion, a 41% increase versus the first quarter. Q2 sales were negatively impacted by changes in exchange rate versus Q1.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 41% in Q2 compared to 27% in Q1. This significant increase was primarily due to higher Display volume.  SG&A was $211 million or 15% of sales in Q2 compared to $207 million or 21% of sales in Q1. We're very pleased we were able to maintain a consistent level of SG&A given the 40% increase in sales.  R&D was $136 million in Q2 or about 10% of sales compared to $151 million or 15% of sales in Q1.  The cost savings from our restructuring actions were about $35 million in the second quarter. That breaks down to $20 million in cost of goods sold, $8 million in SG&A, and $7 million in R&D. Other income was $41 million in Q2 versus other income of $20 million in Q1. The increase was primarily due to higher royalty income from SCP driven by their higher Q2 sales.  Equity earnings were $361 million in the second quarter compared to $195 million in the first quarter, a sequential increase of 85%. The significant increase was due to higher earnings at both Samsung Corning Precision and Dow Corning. As a reminder, quarter one equity earnings had included $29 million in restructuring charges at Dow Corning.  Net income excluding special items was $614 million in Q2. This is four times our Q1 net income excluding special items of $150 million. You should note that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Our share count for the second quarter was 1.57 billion shares and consistent with the first quarter. Now let me turn to our segment results, starting with Display. Second quarter sales were $673 million, an 89% increase over the first quarter sales of $357 million. Volume at our wholly owned business was up 101% sequentially. Sequential price declines were much more moderate than the first quarter, as expected. Q2 sales were also negatively impacted by the change in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate in Q2 versus quarter one. Equity earnings from SCP's LCD glass business were $284 million in the second quarter, an increase of 58% compared to $180 million in Q1. Volume was up 50% sequentially. Price declines at SCP were minor, as expected, and less than the wholly owned business. The impact of exchange rates overall was a slight negative at SCP.  For modeling purposes, SCP's second quarter LCD sales were $960 million compared to $659 million in the first quarter, an increase of 46%. As a reminder, this represents SCP LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP's total sales, which include CRT glass and other product sales. Net income in Display segment, which includes equity earnings, was $555 million in the second quarter versus $218 million in the first quarter. As a reminder, Q1 net income had included $34 million in restructuring charges. The improved performance on our Display segment was driven by both the higher sales volume and improved manufacturing performance. The higher volume was fueled by the replenishment and slight expansion of the supply chain during the quarter. This stronger volume resulted in a significant increase in Display gross margin, which accounted for most of the improvement in the total company gross margin performance.  We were able to meet the stronger-than-expected demand through a combination of production, from continuously operated capacity, glass shipments from inventory, and production from capacity restarted in the quarter. As a reminder, our wholly owned business ran at less than 50% capacity for most of Q2. It was not until the end of the second quarter that we began shipping glass from restarted production capacity.  Since glass demand was much stronger than we expected, we began restarting capacity earlier than planned; however, there's a lag of several weeks between restarting a tank and producing good glass. About 40% of our Q2 shipments in our wholly owned business came from inventory. We made the decision to deplete most of our glass inventory in the quarter to meet the needs of our customers.  At the end of Q2 our utilization rate, based on all of our available capacity, was around 75%. We'll continue to evaluate our production capabilities versus demand expectations. Any decisions will be made a little later this year.  I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain and retail environment. As I mentioned earlier, we entered the second quarter with two key assumptions - first, LCD televisions would continue to exhibit good year-over-year growth at retail, and second, the supply chain would replenish following a significant contraction in Q4 '08 and Q1 of '09. We were correct on both. Let me start, first, with retail.  LCD televisions continue to be a resilient consumer purchase in the second quarter. Worldwide, LCD television unit sales at retail were up 27% in April and 33% in May. We don't have complete data for June to provide worldwide growth data for that month. As a reminder, worldwide retail sell through is the aggregate of the data provided by different data vendors in each of the primary TV sales regions - China, Europe, Japan and the United States. The most significant growth regions were Japan and China. In Japan, LCD television unit sales were up 18% in April, 48% in May and 42% in June. In China, unit sales were up 77% in April, 80% in May, and 68% in June. For the first six months, LCD television sales in China are up 71%. We believe the strong growth in China so far has been more the result of the attractive retail pricing rather than a stimulus pricing. In Europe, LCD TV unit sales were also very strong. In both April and May unit sales were up 22% over last year. We do not yet have June data for Europe.  In the U.S., LCD TV sales rebounded nicely after a slightly weaker April. April was up 9%, May 13%, and June 29%. All months came in higher than we had forecasted. We believe the slightly stronger June sales may have been due in part to the second round of digital conversion which took place on June 12th.  As a reminder, the U.S. data provided by MPD in their data does not include Wal-Mart or Costco; however, Costco recently reported that June LCD TV sales grew [50%] over last year. This higher growth rate supports our belief that discount retailers have continued to gain share. As a result of the very strong demand for LCD TVs in the first half of the year, we've increased our forecast of LC glass market volume for the year. As you may recall, our original forecast called for a flat market versus 2008 of around 2 billion square feet. This estimate was revised upward in April to a range of 2.1 to 2.2 billion square feet. We're not estimating the total market to be around 2.3 billion square feet or about 15% growth over last year.  The revision is largely the result of our revised forecast for LCD TV sales this year. We now estimate 129 million units will be sold versus our previous estimate of 121 million. This represents about a 25% increase over last year. Much of the 8 million unit increase will be in China, where we now estimate 22 million units to be sold versus our prior estimate of 18 million.  We've also slightly increased our estimates for notebooks and monitors. Our estimates for notebook sales this year increased slightly from 126 million to 129 million, which is consistent with last year's total. The estimate for monitors has moved from 143 million to 154 million. This is still lower than last year's total of 167 million monitors.  In summary, we're feeling very good about LCD sales at retail. Now I'd like to provide an update on the Display supply chain. During the second quarter the supply chain replenished following the significant contraction which began in Q4 of last year and continued into Q1. We believe this rebuilding of inventory is appropriate given the strength of retail demand during the first half and the need to service a larger end market than was forecasted entering the year.  We believe the total inventory in the supply chain as measured in square feet of glass increased from around 500 million square feet at the end of Q1 to around 650 million square feet at the end of Q2. This level is consistent with the amount of supply chain inventory entering the year, which was around 630 million square feet.  The key question that remains is: Is the supply chain building too much inventory too fast again? Difficult to answer, as it ultimately depends on end market demand. Perhaps the best way to think about it is this: We estimate that the level of total supply chain inventories is 16% than the second quarter a year ago. This is compared to retail demand for both the total glass television IT that's been running 15% ahead of a year ago and it's forecasted to continue to grow at a double-digit rate in the back half of the year. This comparison gives us some comfort about the outlook for the remainder of the year. Looking ahead to Q3, we expect the supply chain to expand further to meet seasonal demand in Q4. The industry simply cannot make and ship enough televisions within the fourth quarter to meet that level of demand. However, the supply chain expansion in Q3 may be slightly constrained by the availability of glass. Our models suggest inventory levels in Q3 could reach 800 million square feet. That's about 9% less than Q3 of last year, which we all know now was higher than it needed to be. Given that this year's end market in Q4 may be 10% higher than last year, this level of inventory may be appropriate. Time will tell.  The key will be how strong Q4 retail demand is and how much inventory is pulled out of the supply chain. Right now our model suggests about 100 million square feet will get pulled out in Q4, leaving the total supply chain about 700 million square feet at year end. We would view that level of inventory to be appropriate for a market of this size.  With that overview, let's start with the second quarter, beginning with glass supply and demand. Glass demand for the industry in total was higher than the industry's ability to ship in Q2. The glass industry did restart capacity to meet demand, but it generally takes more time to bring on glass capacity than it does the panel makers to ramp their utilization. In addition, glass inventories are likely depleted faster than expected. The amount of glass industry capacity currently being restarted appears to be following customer demand. Now turning to panel makers in Taiwan, utilization rates increased during the first two months of the second quarter; however, glass shortages may have had an impact as those rates declined slightly in June. In April utilization rates at the Taiwanese averaged nearly 80% compared to about 70% in March. In May, rates increased to 85%; however, in June the average declined to 75%. Taiwanese panel inventories at the end of Q2 were around four and a half weeks, a level we would consider normal. In Korea, utilization rates remained fairly steady in Q2, averaging between 90% to 95% each month.  In terms of the total panel maker inventory as measured in equivalent square feet, at the end of Q2 they were half of what they were in Q2 of last year. Moving on to the set assembly level, inventory levels measured in square feet of glass have increased in comparison to the first quarter, as expected. At the end of Q2 our models suggest they were slightly higher compared to inventory levels entering the year, but 20% less than Q2 last year. We would expect set assembly level inventories to increase again in Q3 in preparation for Q4 demand. At retail we believe inventories increased compared to Q1. Inventory levels as measured in square feet of glass were about 12% higher in Q2 than a year ago, which is in line with end market demand that's forecasted to be 15% above. We also saw a steady increase in panel prices during the quarter for all key panel sizes. For monitors and notebooks, panel prices have had their most material increases over the last several weeks. For TVs, panel price increases have been fairly steady over the last two months. This is another indication of tightness in the supply chain.  My last comment about the supply chain is regarding the concept of double booking or double ordering. It's always difficult to tell if there's double ordering either from your direct customers or their customers further down the supply chain. We assume there is some level of double ordering, but it's impossible to quantify. If there were any double ordering within the Display supply chain we would believe it most likely would be at the set assembly level. In times of rising panel prices set assemblers may decide to purchase more panels in advance. This could explain the increase in inventory levels there. We would be more concerned about this if retail demand were not as strong and pulling inventory out of the supply chain. I'll cover our supply chain expectations for the third quarter and our capacity decisions in the outlook section. My last topic is our Gen 10 plan. We continue to ramp our production there in preparation for Sharp's planned start up later this year. Investors should note the impact of fixed costs associated with our ramp is material to Display's gross margin. In Q2 the impact to Display gross margin was about 400 basis points. In Q3 it may be as high at 550 basis points. There will continue to be a fixed cost overhang until production volumes at Gen 10 are high enough to offset them. We expect this to happen some time in 2010. The exact time will be dependent on how quickly Sharp ramps its own production. Now I'll turn to the Environmental segment, where sales in the second quarter were $132 million versus first quarter sales of $110 million. The 20% increase was driven primarily by demand for our automobile products. Auto product sales were $85 million in Q2 compared to $64 million in Q1. We experienced strong demand within Germany, China and the U.S. U.S. demand was likely the result of the replenishment of supply chain during the quarter versus an increase in auto production. We believe Germany and China demand was attributable to government incentives there.  Despite the recent spike in demand driven by incentives and refill of the supply chain in Q2, longer term we now believe the worldwide auto market will remain at fairly low levels. Most industry forecasts predict auto production between 54 and 55 million cars this year, roughly a 20% drop from last year. These same industry sources estimate auto production will not return to pre-recession levels until the early part of the next decade. As a result, we're not considering further restructuring actions to resize our auto business and align our capacity with a smaller market. These actions may include further asset utilization and work force reductions, and we expect to announce any decisions and actions later this quarter. Diesel sales in the second quarter were $47 million and flat versus the first quarter. The segment incurred a net loss of $9 million in the second quarter versus a net loss of $44 million in Q1. Q1 segment income had included $19 million in restructuring charges.  I'd like to make some additional comments on our diesel business. We're halfway through the year and clearly the heavy duty engine market continues to suffer in this economic environment. Light duty diesel is actually holding up well, but we're still disappointed with the relative amount of total diesel sales. That being said, we still believe this business will reach $500 million in sales within the next few years. Regulations also continue to tighten over the next decade, requiring even more advanced emission control products, and new standards for off-road engines will provide additional revenue opportunities.  So while it is taking longer than anticipated, this market is there, it's still large and it continues to be an attractive growth opportunity for us.  Turning to Telecom, sales in the second quarter were $437 million, an increase of 14% versus Q1 and higher than our expectations. China continues to have a strong demand for optical fiber and cable products. In North America we saw increased demand for fiber in the home, cable and hardware equipment products due to the release of carrier capital spending. On the downside, North American private network demand was weaker. Sales of our fiber and cable products in the second quarter were $235 million, an increase of 20% sequentially. China's 3G buildout was the primary driver again this quarter. The China fiber market is now the largest in history; no small feat considering the size of the long haul buildout in North America in 2000. We expect the China fiber market to grow 40% this year, while the rest of the world declines 15%. In total we now expect the worldwide fiber market to be flat to up 5% versus last year. Sales of hardware and equipment products were $202 million in Q2, an increase of 5% sequentially. Fiber to the home sales, which are primarily hardware and equipment related, were $94 million in the second quarter, up 15% sequentially.  Segment net income was $18 million in the second quarter compared to a net loss of $1 million in the first quarter. Q1 had included $15 million in restructuring charges.  Sales in our Specialty Materials segment were $71 million in Q2, an increase of 18% versus Q1, which is more than we had anticipated. The increase was driven primarily by higher demand for our Gorilla glass. The segment incurred a net loss of $10 million in Q2 versus a $27 million loss in Q1. Q1 had included $18 million in restructuring charges. In the Life Sciences segment sales in the second quarter were $81 million, an increase of 7% versus Q1 and in line with our expectations. Segment net income was $9 million versus $8 million in Q1.  Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings in Q2 were $58 million compared to $5 million in Q1. As a reminder, Q1 had included restructuring charges of $29 million. This sequential increase was driven by higher demand in both the Silicon segment as well as Hemlock. Silicon sales have grown each month over the past several months. Hemlock benefited from capacity that came online during the quarter. For modeling purposes, Dow Corning sales were $1.2 billion in Q2 compared to $1 billion in Q1.  Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with about $3.1 billion in cash and short-term investments, up from $2.6 billion last quarter. The increase in cash was primarily due to the issuance of $350 million in senior unsecured notes during the quarter and strong free cash flow. Free cash flow was $156 million in Q2. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and the GAAP reconciliation is on our website. Inventory fell slightly from $731 million at the end of Q1 to $647 million at the end of Q2. The biggest decline came from Display inventories, but Environmental and Telecom declined also. Now on to our outlook. We expect glass volume at our wholly owned business and SCP, both separately and in the aggregate, to be flat to up slightly compared to the very strong second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, about 40% of our Q2 shipments came from existing inventory.  As a result, we need to and have restarted tanks to replace this inventory drawdown to meet Q3 demand. We are restarting tanks earlier than expected and we are getting them back online at a record pace. We have some decisions to make about tanks that could deliver additional glass in Q4; however, we need to know more about our customers' plans for Q4 and we also want to continue to monitor retail sales and inventory levels.  Our caution for Q4 comes from the uncertainty about the economy and a desire to avoid costs from starting and stopping tanks. While we designed our LCD operations to be scalable, it's still a complex and costly process to take tanks on and offline. As a result, we expect to be capacity constrained in Q3 and we are prioritizing glass allocation to customers with long-term supply agreements. If end market demand continues to outpace our revised expectations - and we believe it will be robust - we have the flexibility to bring on additional capacity to meet that demand. Regarding glass pricing, we expect pricing at both our wholly owned business and SCP to be sequentially flat in Q3.  With regard to Display gross margins, we expect them to be consistent with Q2. The benefit of running higher utilization rates will be offset by the higher Gen 10 fixed costs and depreciation from some of the restarted tanks. Because of this we would expect that Display gross margins will be similar to Q2 and the same is true for our corporate gross margin. Looking ahead to Q4, we would typically expect glass shipments for the industry to be seasonally lower; however, given the continued retail strength, we believe the declines could be more muted this year. As a remainder, supply chain inventories are usually depleted in Q4 to meet this surge and retail demand.  Panel makers typically continue to run at higher utilization rates for part of Q4 to replenish the inventory levels the supply chain requires for Q1 demand. Once they reach those inventory levels and demand subsides they lower the utilization rates for the remainder of the year. If retail demand in Q4 is stronger than expected, more inventory will be pulled out of the supply chain. In that scenario the panel makers may have to run the higher utilization rates for a longer period of time. This could result in strong glass demand and Q4 being flat with Q3. In our Telecom and Life Sciences segments we expect Q3 sales to be comparable to Q2. Environmental sales are expected to be up modestly in Q3, while sales in Specialty Materials are expected to be up 10% to 20% on stronger Gorilla glass sales. At Dow Corning we expect Q3 equity earnings to be up more than 25%.  Moving to the income statement, SG&A will be slightly higher in terms of dollars and R&D will be consistent with Q3.  For a tax rate based on the mix of income by geographic region, we expect our tax rate to be between zero and 3%, Q3 and Q4.  I have some comments about how investors should think about our tax rates going forward. At our annual investor meeting in February we told you to use a tax rate of 16% to 18% for 2010 and beyond when modeling. We now believe our 2010 tax rate could be much lower. I'd like to walk you through the details. Like most companies, our tax rate is influenced by where our income is generated and the tax rate in those regions as well as changes in tax code and tax holidays. Looking forward, we're anticipating changes in each. Let me start with income. In Japan, where tax rates are high, our income this year has been offset by the start up costs of the Gen 10 factory. As a result, we've been incurring a tax benefit in that region and this has helped to offset tax expense elsewhere and lower our overall tax rate. Starting in 2010 we expect those costs to by and large be offset by income to result in either a much smaller tax benefit or a small tax expense. We estimate this change could increase our overall tax rate by approximately 4 percentage points. Regarding the tax code, there's one item that has the most material impact to Corning's tax rate; it relates to foreign dividends. Today dividends declared by foreign subsidiaries are not taxed if the related income is not distributed back into the U.S. This tax law has been in existence now for several years, but there's currently discussion on Capitol Hill to allow this exemption to expire. If that happens, dividends from affiliates such as SCP will be taxable even if the money stays abroad. This could increase our 2010 tax rate by another 4 percentage points. Congress still has until the end of the year to extend this law for another year. Obviously, if that happens this would not be a 2010 tax event for us. We will also begin to see the phasing out of tax holidays in both Taiwan and Korea; however, the impact to our overall tax rate is not material from these changes until 2011.  So in summary, for 2010, assuming the U.S. tax exemption on foreign dividends is allowed to expire, our tax rate could be around 10% next year. However, given the uncertainty of other proposed changes by the Obama administration to current tax law, this estimated rate could be significantly different. That wraps up my discussion on taxes and hopefully this data will help your modeling.  One other modeling point: Investors should note that our results can be materially influenced by the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate. For Q2 the yen averaged 97. For every 1-point move in the yen our net income moves by about $7 million, so if the yen were to average 95 in Q3, our net income benefit would be about $14 million or roughly $0.01 of EPS.  Before I head into Q&A I'd like to make some overall comments on how management views Corning and why we believe in our long-term potential. First, we remain the market leader in all of our major businesses in terms of share, technology and cost. Even during this downturn these strengths have not been eroded. Second, the growth trends in profitability of our largest business, Display, remain robust. Penetration of LCD televisions into the worldwide installed base remains very low. Only 13% of all televisions worldwide entering the year were LCD. In China, which is the world's largest and fastest growth market, less than 40 million have been sold there to date. The penetration trends are good and so is our ability to have robust profitability from this business.  Third, we expect to be generating significant cash flow over the next several years. We are not anticipating a significant spike in capital spending going forward. In fact, we believe our CapEx next year will be about $600 million, down from $1.1 billion this year. Fourth, as I mentioned earlier, our diesel business continues to have the potential to be another significant business for Corning. Lastly, we continue to innovate and have several promising technologies that have the potential of delivering significant revenues over the next decade, including solar, green laser and Gorilla glass. I'm sure Wendell will be happy to take any questions on these during the Q&A. So in summary I can tell you senior management feels very good about long-term prospects for Corning. Ken?
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim.  And, [John], I believe we're ready to take some questions now.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: On Display glass, if the inventory supplies are less than a year ago and demand is greater than a year ago, shouldn't we see magnified improvements as we move into 3Q and then an increase in 4Q since there is still some catch up going on?  Aside from the macro, is it set assembly data that's kind of giving you pause or any other thoughts aside from the macro picture for your conservatism?
Jim Flaws: Well, we feel comfortable about where inventories were at the end of Q2. We expect them to build in Q3 and to get up, as I said, to about 800 million square feet. That's down from where it was at the end of Q3 last year, which we had thought was excessive, but we think that's an appropriate level heading into what will be the Q4 demand.  I hesitate to replay to the word conservatism. In our models and our tracking of demand, we think the inventory level is appropriate - not being overbuilt and not underbuilt, either.
Wendell Weeks: And I'd add to that that there's always room for some caution here because though we feel really good about the end market, it's always possible for different players in the supply chain to make a judgment on how much inventory they want to carry and what their confidence is for the coming quarter.  So that's why before we make some decisions about restarting even more capacity we want to get a little bit better insight into those plans and a little more data [under our belt about the end market.]
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: And, Jim, just as a follow up, can we assume a steady level of gross margin improvements as we see growth in Display glass for the balance of the year? I think at this revenue point and with stable pricing it was kind of near 48% in the past. Is that kind of within the ballpark that we should think about? 
Jim Flaws:  I'm sorry; you broke up so I couldn't hear the question.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Sure. Can we assume a steady level of gross margin improvements as we see growth of Display glass for the balance of the year around this revenue point and with stable pricing? Can we assume right around 48% gross margins? Is that reasonable? We saw this in the past.
Jim Flaws: I'm not going to give you a forecast of corporate gross margins. You heard in my script that we're talking about gross margins for the corporation being flat in Q3 versus Q2 and the same for Display. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: In terms of glass capacity constraints, can you comment on when you think that will ease up? And then as part of your glass guidance now of up roughly 15% year-on-year, is that what you think all the glass makers can provide as of today and plans today or is that number higher?
Jim Flaws: It's what we believe that the glass market is going to be based on what we are aware of, either our own plans or what we think the other glass makers are going. Clearly, we could turn on additional tanks and provide more in Q4 if we thought that was appropriate. Both of our other large competitors have additional capacity that's not lit. We're not capable of knowing how fast they can bring that on.
Wendell Weeks: So glass is tight now, C.J., and we would anticipate it would remain relatively tight.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: And that is all the way through year end?
Wendell Weeks: I think as Jim comments, a lot depends on how the seasonality works its way through this quarter. And you heard in his opening remarks that we have scenarios that have a quarter four that is relatively flat demand and then scenarios that have a quarter four that drops off a little, more than normal seasonality.  And so we're not really ready to make an definitive comments about Q4 at this time, C.J.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: And I guess moving on to OPEX and unallocated expenses, R&D showed a 10% sequential drop. Was that part of the initial plan or is that timing related? How should we think about OPEX going forward?  And then as part of the same question, unallocated expenses came down pretty dramatically as well. Is that something that we should change in our models as well?
Jim Flaws: R&D benefited in Q2 from restructuring and also we had some programs that didn't repeat themselves. But R&D is always somewhat subject to just program expense and we have some. Our new business has been moving ahead successfully, so we think it's flat for Q3 but it could go up a little as we evaluate those programs. And I think unallocated I'll leave to a more detailed call with you and [Kim].
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: And then final question, on the Display gross margin side, you provided some good color there; I was wondering if you could dig a little bit deeper, though. I would have thought that you would have seen a slight uptick, at least, in Q3 given not selling from inventory and running full out. Why just flat? Is that a level of conservatism on your part or are there other issues going on?
Jim Flaws: The reason it's flat is that we have the Gen 10 drag increasing. We're also making some other change to our capacity that will hurt [inaudible] a little in Q3 as well as some of the depreciation from the restarted tanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: First just a clarification. You're guiding for our Q3 shipments in the wholly owned business to be up slightly. Do you define up slightly as low single digits?
Jim Flaws: We guided it to be flat to up slightly so that could be zero to five.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: And when we look at the panel manufacturers, although we certainly haven't seen all of them, I'd say in aggregate they're guiding for up 10% to 15% in their shipments. How does the math on that work out?
Jim Flaws: We don't believe that in aggregate the entire industry, when you could all the panel makers, could achieve that. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: And when you talk about extra capacity that you could light, where is that capacity and what generation is it?
Jim Flaws: It's mostly in Taiwan. We do have capacity in Japan that would be Gen 6 capacity, but we're not planning right now to light that. And then we have capacity in Taiwan - that'd be Gen 5 and Gen 6 - that we could light.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: And lastly, it sounds like Wendell wanted to say something about solar from your last comment in the prepared remarks, Jim, and I'd love to hear it.
Jim Flaws: He does; he's been very excited about solar recently.
Wendell Weeks: I don't actually know that I wanted to make a comment on it in a conference call, however. I would characterize our progress on solar as very encouraging right now. We feel [inaudible] showing that very thin glass we can make. Our damage resistance is enough to be able to sustain the same or even better performance as the relatively thick glasses of today, and we continue to generate some very encouraging data on improvement in conversion efficiency related to some of our exciting new composition work. So, so far, so good on solar, Jeff.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Suva - Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Can you just help me better understand a little bit of connecting the dots where inventory went down 11% in Q2, which I would have actually thought it would have come a little bit more, but more importantly your comments about Q3, about your shipments to be flat to up 5%, rebuilding some inventory. But if there's some shortages it sounds like you're making some priority allocations as far as who gets the supply. I would have thought that a sale today versus putting something in inventory and limiting the sales is quite an interesting discussion. Why would you build inventory if you're allocating supply in Q3?
Jim Flaws: We didn't say we were building our own inventories.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay, so you're not building inventory in Q3? Okay. Okay, that's very interesting to know. And then can you also talk about the expansion of Taichung. I believe the Phase 4 expansion was shifted a little bit or delayed to 2010. Is that one of the areas of production that you could actually bring back online potentially and what's the status of that?
Jim Flaws: Taichung Phase 4 was never brought online, so it's not bringing it back. We do have some of that capacity that is a potential decision, but most of the decisions are in Taichung and [Tainam], Taichung early gen, Phase 3, and then in [Tainam].
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Right, but the expansion is continuing to plan for 2010?
Jim Flaws: I'll just say we could bring capacity online from Phase 4 in 2010 from Phase 4. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Fox - CLSA.
Steven Fox - CLSA: First of all, Jim, is the peak drag from the Gen 10 ramp, is it the 550 basis point drag or could it get worse from there? And then, secondly, given how you describe potential seasonality in the fourth quarter, when will you get back to sort of a comfortable level of inventories for LCD glass on your own balance sheet?
Jim Flaws: On the latter point, we're comfortable with the inventories on our balance sheet. We don't actually like to have inventory, so we're kind of back to where we would like to run, I mean, maybe just a hair under. So we feel comfortable running with very low inventories. I don't actually know exactly the quarter by quarter on Gen 10. We have lit our second tank now. We have plans to light additional tanks there. But I don't have a quarter by quarter ramp from Sharp, so I don't know exactly what the drag is. I have a hard time imagining it being much worse than the number I gave you, though.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Roberts - Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Do you think the loss of the dividend tax holiday is an eventuality - if it doesn't happen this year it's most likely going to happen next year or soon after?
Jim Flaws: It's very hard for us to judge. This has been in the tax extender bill last year, just like the R&D credit, which gets renewed on an annualized basis, so I think it's difficult for us to predict. Obviously, there's a desire for more revenue in Washington, so that might go against us. But we're not the best predictors of tax policy in Washington.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: And if you lose that tax holiday, is there no tax on dividends you would bring back, then?
Jim Flaws: I'm not sure I follow your question?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: So if you're going to get taxed on the earnings generated abroad, if you wanted to bring that cash back as a dividend to the U.S. would there not be a double tax on that, then?
Jim Flaws: That's correct.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Then you're underlevered, I think, or potentially significantly underlevered in some of the foreign operations and the JVs. Could you lever up and bring back a fair amount of cash then tax free, because it's not generating earnings if you're just leveraging up to pay the dividend back to the parent.
Jim Flaws: We're not intending to lever up Samsung Corning Precision. We could bring extra dividends back. I think those extra dividends would have a tax on them.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay, if you levered up and paid dividends back there'd be a tax on that.
Jim Flaws: We're not intending to lever up, John.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: I have a couple of questions on the Chinese market, [inaudible] TV side, and then one on the Telecom side. Given the limited visibility into the Chinese TV market, particularly the opaque and distributed retail channel, how confident are you that there isn't an inventory build in China and what extra precautions are you taking, if any?
Jim Flaws: We do believe there's been some inventory build in China. We have gone around and we've had some people over there meeting with all the Chinese set manufacturers. Inventory is done a little differently there; it's more on a consignment basis and the brands actually, the television that's out at retail, is on consignment to the brands. We do think there's been some increase, but it doesn't appear to us to be inappropriate at this level. But we have met with basically all the Chinese television - set assembly television manufacturers over the past two months. The Chinese government, I think, actually this morning announced how many televisions have been sold under the stimulus package, which looked about in line with our expectations. So we feel pretty good about China and not worried. I think if panel prices for small televisions climbed a lot more from where they are now that might be a negative for the Chinese television market.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then the second quarter on the TV side, can you give us an update on what types of investments you made in China on the glass side since your initial foray into the market about a year ago in Beijing? And then any kind of future plans there would be helpful.
Wendell Weeks: We've had no further investments on the mainland since that initiative investment in Beijing. We continue to be engaged with the appropriate folks in China and I think a lot of where our decisions will go will depend on ultimately what happens with panel capacity there.  So that is how we're continuing to steer our way through the development of the LCD manufacturing base in China.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Last question on the 3G buildout in China as it relates to the Telecom segment. We've heard a couple of equipment manufacturers cite slowing demand there as a result of that buildout decelerating a little bit. What's your view on the current pace of the fiber buildout in China right now? Are these levels sustainable?
Wendell Weeks: Well, they're very strong. We're not seeing signs of a slowdown at the glass level. We continue to be able to sell everything we can make there, and we timed our capacity expansion in China, it looks like, perfectly. So that's all going very well. That being said, anytime you do a build along this type of scale you're going to have a complicated set of projects that's going to have some ebbs and flows to it, so I find it very believable that we'll see some movement one direction or another as the 3G buildout continues. But overall we remain very bullish on the size and scale of the China fiber market.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: On SCP, it looks like gross margins in the quarter were exceptionally high. I wondered if you could tell us if you think that's sustainable at least for the near term or whether we should expect that to ease a bit?
Jim Flaws: The gross margins at SCP were fabulous. We expect that their level of volume utilization along with price declines for them to remain strong. But I will point out a lot of that has benefited what the Korean won is, so if there was a significant change in that that could drive those margins differently.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: Now second question, also related to the Korean market. It appears as though capacity there for glass is particularly constrained well beyond the issue of how many tanks are lit or not re-lit. Is there any opportunity for the whole [inaudible] business to take advantage of excess capacity in other regions of the world and actually shift into Korea? 
Jim Flaws: We can manage the worldwide capacity footprint in such a way to do our best to get glass to our customers that need it and we're always working our way through that and trying to find the best possible way to serve our customers in both directions.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: Final question - it appears that the bottleneck right now for the LCD industry's clearly glass. That's causing ultimately or put pressure on LCD panels and perhaps down the line is going to limit the ability of the retailers to discount in the holiday season. Do you have any concern that the glass constraint is going to ultimately impact sell through and then come back and have an adverse affect on the whole industry?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I don't think we have any deep concerns about that. I think the issue has been the way the supply chain has interacted with the end market demand and what happened is that the supply chain overreacted due to concerns about the economy and that in turn pushed back to the least-flexible component. So glass, if you're going from 1,600 degrees C down to room temperature, that is not the component you want to try to build your supply chain flexibility into. It takes awhile to recover from that because you've got to get it from room temperature back to 1,600 degrees C.  So we would say most of our concern has been around - as Jim was, I think, one of the very first people in the world to point out - has been around the way in which the supply chain is understood and thought through the levels in the end market rather than any real concerns on the end market. But, Jim, you've had the most insight on this. Do you want to add anything?
Jim Flaws: Oh, I think that we're actually pleased that panel prices came back up because if you look at the panel makers' financials they were losing money and you can't have that go on for a long period of time. So obviously we don't want the 32-inch panel price to go back to where it was at the beginning of 2008 - $300; we think that would be negative. But we're not sure that there's going to be a significant amount more increase from where we are right now. So we still think there'll be a very healthy retail pricing environment for the fall.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: I know that it's very early to look at 2011, but if you have to look at the market and glass demand, do you think we should get ready to expect a similar year to 2010 or a little bit below, a little bit above?
Jim Flaws: We expect overall glass demand to grow in 2010 and 2011. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: Earlier on in the year you said that Corning standalone versus the industry will kind of [inaudible] some market share, if you will, because of the Taiwanese and the impact of the Koreans, with the major shift in dynamics in the last six months where do you see Corning standalone versus the industry now in terms of share for the year? 
Jim Flaws: I think we've regained the share that we lost when the industry was barely operating at all in the January/February period of time, so we think shares are by and large back to where they've been for quite awhile.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: Do you expect the full year share to be the same as 2008?
Jim Flaws: In general, yes.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: And just a clarification on the R&D, flattish in the September quarter, does it stay at these low levels or does it spike up again for some reason or should we just model incremental gain from $136 million in the next few quarters?
Jim Flaws: I don’t think you should expect any unusual spike up or spike down. I mean, we're looking for our overall level of corporate R&D next year to be slightly down from this year, but you should not expect any unusual movements.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC: You exited Q2 with 75% utilization. Just as a matter of interest, what's the trigger point on utilization levels where you get worried and you have to add more capacity - is it 85% or what's the number?
Wendell Weeks: We don't think about it that way. We have tanks that are cold today, they're rebuilt, ready to restart. It takes us about a month to bring a tank up once we make the decision. We have to make some decisions soon in order to bring up more capacity relative to quarter four and get ready for Q1 next year, and we'll be making those decisions over the next month.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Bonenfant - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.
Paul Bonenfant - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Did you have any 10% customers in the quarter?
Jim Flaws: Yes, I think our same LCD customers were 10%.
Wendell Weeks: That's correct.
Jim Flaws: That would be [AUO] and [Chimi].
Paul Bonenfant - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: One of your larger customers last week suggested that a new government stimulus plan in China, this one aimed at urban areas versus the existing stimulus plan for rural areas to subsidize, I guess, TV upgrade and replacement from older CRPs to new, more energy efficient LCDs. It was expected to go into effect some time over the summer.  Do you have a sense for or have you built that into your expectations for demand in China?
Jim Flaws: Yes, that's not new news; that's been known now for almost a quarter.
Paul Bonenfant - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Do you have a sense for what the maximum theoretical glass industry output is for 2009 and 2010 with all capacity lit? It would seem that we're bumping pretty close up against those maximum limits.
Jim Flaws: No, I wouldn't say that. I mean, you have to remember - I'll just pick for ourselves as an example when you think about 2010, we operated most of the first half of the year in our wholly owned business with only 50% of our capacity running, so if we run that all year long next year there's quite a bit of capacity available. I think we said that the industry had footprint under way, either lit or under construction, that they could get to 2.6 to 2.7 billion square feet, so there clearly is, if everybody lights and runs everything, there's enough glass capacity around.
Ken Sofio: John, we have time for one more question.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: A quick question about your cash flows. I think you guided to next year your CapEx falling by about $500 million, from $1.1 billion to $600 million, so this year, you know, you've already said that the CapEx should be falling through the end of the year. Could you give us some color as to what kind of cash flow can we expect this year and next year? And then also use of cash, you talked about, I think, on your last conference call that the priority for acquisitions was getting a little higher. Could you give us some color as to what you've been seeing over there, experiencing there as you look at potential business development activity?
Jim Flaws: I won't give a free cash flow forecast for next year, but it should be substantial. And we are looking at acquisitions with more urgency than we were before and actually expanding our corporate development group, so definitely that would be a potential use of the cash. But our free cash flow should be excellent next year assuming that the economy doesn't do something strange.
Paul Bonenfant - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: And any color for the free cash flow for this year?
Jim Flaws: We're delighted that it's positive in the first half of the year. We expect it to be nicely positive through the whole year. Some of our CapEx got delayed a little on finishing Gen 10 to quarter three, but we're feeling very good about the free cash flow for this year.
Ken Sofio: Okay, Jim.
Jim Flaws: Just to wrap up with a couple investor-related announcements. Wendell and I will be in Boston meeting investors on Tuesday, August 4th. There will be a luncheon. If you're interested in attending please contact Ken or [Ann]. And then looking out to September, Wendell will be one of the keynote speakers at the Citi Technology Conference in New York City on Thursday, September 10th. And lastly, [Jim Claffin], President of Display Technologies, will be presenting at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in San Francisco on Tuesday, September 15th.  And we look forward to seeing you at one of these events and hope you all have a very nice finish to the summer. Ken?
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Wendell. Thank you all for joining us today.  A playback of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. It will run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time Monday, August 10th. To listen in dial 800-475-6701. The access code for that call is 106323. An audiocast will also be available on our website during that time, as will the slides from today's call. Operator, that does conclude our call this morning. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Sofio – Division VP, IR Jim Flaws – Vice Chairman & CFO Wendell Weeks – Chairman & CEO
Analysts: Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets Brian White – Collins Stewart C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital Jim Suva – Citi Steven Fox – Calyon Securities Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein John Harmon – Needham & Company Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co.  Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities John Roberts – Buckingham Research  Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS  Brendan Furlong – Miller, Tabak & Co.  
Operator: Welcome to Corning Incorporated’s first quarter results conference call. I will now turn the conference over to the Division Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Sofio. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Sofio:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Corning’s first quarter conference call. This call is also being audio cast on our web site. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will join for the Q&A. Before I turn it over to Jim, you should note that today’s remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company’s SEC reports. Jim?
Jim Flaws:  Thanks Ken. Good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the first quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations web site. We’ve also posted the accompanying slides on our Web site. Before I get into the details I would like to make a few overall comments. We were very pleased with our first quarter performance given the difficult global economy. The biggest questions we had coming into this quarter were whether LCD television sales would continue to show good year-over-year growth in this tough environment and when would the display supply chain stop contracting.  We were pleased to see the continued strength of LCD television sales at retail worldwide throughout the first quarter. We were also pleased to see the demand for our glass pick up sooner than we anticipated. We believe this is one of several indicators during the quarter that the supply chain contraction was ending. Stronger glass demand contributed to better than expected sales and earnings performance this quarter.  Now let me turn to the details. Our first quarter sales were about $1 billion, a 9% decline from the fourth quarter. Quarter 1 sales benefited slightly from changes in exchange rates versus Q4. Moving down the income statement gross margin was 27% in Q1 compared to 28% in Q4. As a reminder, fourth quarter gross margin included $33 million in accelerated depreciation.  SG&A was $207 million or 21% of sales compared to $179 million or 17% for Q4. As a reminder, in Q4 we reversed $30 million of variable compensation accruals which lowered SG&A significantly. R&D was $151 million consistent with Q4. Other income was $20 million in Q1 versus other expense of $33 million in Q4. The swing from other expense to other income was primarily due to non-repeat of balance sheet hedge losses and losses from unwinding of hedges during quarter 4.  Gross equity earnings were $195 million in the first quarter compared to $288 million in the fourth quarter, a sequential decrease of 32%. The decrease is primarily due to lower earnings at both Samsung Corning Precision and Dow Corning. Q1 included the impact of $29 million of restructuring charges at Dow Corning. Net income excluding special items was $150 million, a sequential decrease of 28%. EPS excluding special items was $0.10 compared to $0.13 in Q4. You should know that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Our share count for the first quarter was 1.56 billion shares.  Our first quarter results also included restructuring results for the company of $165 million pre-tax, in line with our expectations. Restructuring actions that were implemented in Q4 and Q1 have been completed. We estimate annualized savings from these actions to be about $195 million. In Q2 we expect to see about $30 million in savings.  As I mentioned a moment ago, there were additional restructuring charges at Dow Corning. Our share of these was $29 million pre-tax.  Let me now turn to our segment results for the first quarter starting with display. First quarter sales were $357 million or 8% lower than Q4. Volume at our wholly owned business was down about 1% sequentially. As a reminder we had originally expected our total Q1 glass volume to be down 20-25%. In late February we began seeing an increase in glass demand which led us to revise our volume expectations for the quarter.  We believe the higher than expected glass demand was the result of strong end market demand and the supply chain contraction ending which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. We were able to meet this increased demand by selling glass out of inventory.  Price declines were higher than previous quarters but in line with our expectations. Display sales benefited slightly from positive exchange rate movement. Equity earnings from equity SCP LCD glass business were $180 million in the first quarter, a decrease of 9% compared to $198 million in Q4.  Volume was up 7% sequentially. Price declines at SCP were higher than our wholly owned business. Investors should know that price negotiations vary by customer so in any given quarter price declines may not be consistent between our wholly owned business and SCP. For your modeling purposes, SCP first quarter LCD sales were $659 million compared to $703 million in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 6%. As a reminder, this represents SCP LCD sales only. Our public filings report SCP’s total sales which includes CRT, glass and other product sales.  Net income in the display segment which includes equity earnings was $218 million in the first quarter, slightly lower than the fourth quarter. Quarter 1 net income includes $34 million in restructuring charges. I would like to spend a few minutes discussing the supply chain and retail environment.  As I mentioned earlier we entered the first quarter with two key assumptions; first, LCD televisions would continue to exhibit good year-over-year growth at retail. Second, the supply chain would stop contracting by the end of Q1. We were correct on both.  Let me start first with retail. LCD televisions continue to be a resilient consumer purchase in the first quarter. Worldwide LCD television sales were up 54% in January and 32% in February. We do not have complete data for March to provide a worldwide growth figure for that month. In the United States, LCD television unit sales were up 39% in both January and February. Both months came in much higher than we had forecasted.  We believe the stronger sales may be due in part to the digital conversion as some consumers replaced their analog CRT’s in time for the original February conversion date. While the government ultimately pushed back the conversion date to June we believe up to 25% of U.S. television stations decided to convert their signals anyway in February.  We also believe the closing of Circuit City may have accelerated LCD television demand. Some consumers who were planning on purchasing an LCD later in Q1 may have been attracted by the close out pricing units. As a result, we are not surprised that the year-over-year growth rate in March was lower than the previous two months.  NPD’s preliminary estimate for March based on the weekly data is 9% which was still higher than our own expectations. In addition to the digital transition and Circuit City close out there were indications that strong January and February sell through lowered March retail inventories in the U.S. to about half their normal levels. This has led to stock-out’s of many popular LCD televisions across the country and will likely dampen the year-over-year growth rate.  In addition, we believe up to half of all Circuit City demand went to companies that are outside NPD’s coverage such as WalMart. Circuit City had about 8-10% of the U.S. market gross in televisions so our estimate is the actual growth rate for March could have been as high as 15-20%.  We have just received NPD’s data for the first week of April and it indicates LCD television unit sales in the United States grew 17% year-over-year. In other regions, LCD television unit sales in Japan were up 27% for the first quarter. China they were up 66% in the first quarter. In Europe we don’t have March data yet but unit sales were up significantly in both January and February.  As a result of the resilient first quarter demand we have increased our forecast for LCD TV sales from $111 million to $121 million this year. This would represent an 18% increase over last year.  Regarding screen size in unit terms we have seen all screen size categories show higher than expected year-over-year growth. In January and early February we saw particularly strong growth in the 10-29” size, temporarily reducing the average screen size sold at retail. We believe this is largely attributable to the digital transition. Since mid-February we have seen demand resume to very strong growth in the larger sizes with total area growth exceeding the unit growth.  Looking at the PC market, unit sales of both monitors and notebooks came in as expected in the first quarter. Consumer purchases of notebooks continue to be strong. However, we have data that suggests that corporate purchases of notebooks has slowed. As a result we have lowered our unit forecast for the remainder of the year. We now expect about 126 million notebooks to be sold versus our original estimate of 137. This is versus 131 million sold last year. As a reminder, we do not include netbooks in these numbers. Our forecast for monitors remains unchanged.  As a result of the changes made to our LCD television and notebook assumptions we have updated our forecast for the total LCD glass market this year. We now anticipate the glass market will grow 5-10% versus our original expectation of flat. Split the glass market between 2.1 and 2.2 billion square feet this year versus 2 billion square feet last year.  So, in summary, LCD television sales at retail remain positive. Now let me provide an update on the display supply chain.  There are several data points that suggest the supply chain contraction ended during the first quarter. First, we began to see increased glass orders starting in late February and those orders grew through March. Second, panel maker utilization rates and shipments increased month to month and panel prices stabilized. There is even evidence the panel makers experienced some rush orders from set assemblers. As I mentioned there was evidence of stock out’s in many LCD television sizes at retail.  Let me share some of the details starting with glass demand. As I mentioned a moment ago we began to see an increase in orders in late February. This likely corresponds to the higher utilization rate of our customers. In Taiwan panel utilization rates went from about 30% in January to almost 70% in March. In Korea, utilization rates started about 60% in January and rose to almost 90% in March.  For those investors who are interested in this data you should know many of the panel makers disclose their utilization rates each month. We believe Taiwan panel maker inventories in total contracted in the first quarter to around 3-4 weeks of supply. Korean panel makers are holding even less. Typically about 4.5 weeks of inventory is considered normal. We believe total panel maker inventories at the end of Q1 as measured in equivalent square feet of glass fell 10%.  We also saw a tightening of panel prices during the quarter for all key panel sizes. For monitors, panel prices have been increasing. We believe consistently rising panel prices are a good indicator of the tightness between panel supply and demand.  Moving to set assemblers, based on our models we believe inventory there as measured square feet of glass fell 15% in Q1. This could be the reason behind the rush orders of panels. At retail we believe inventories fell 25%. This is a significant decline and gives credence to many reports of LCD television stock outs during the quarter.  In summary, we believe total inventory in the supply chain as measured in square feet of glass fell from around 630 million square feet at the end of Q4 to around 500 million square feet at the end of Q1, a decline of 130 million square feet. The supply chain has not seen this level of inventory since the second quarter of 2007.  For reference, the amount of inventory in the supply chain at the end of the first quarter last year was 644 million square feet. I will cover our supply chain expectations for the second quarter and our decision to re-light tanks in the outlook discussion.  Regarding Gen 10 you may have seen Sharp’s announcement to begin ramping their fab starting in October. We are already manufacturing production quality Gen 10 glass and sending it through the automated delivery system between our factory and theirs. We are very pleased with the quality of the glass delivered. Plan on aligning additional capacity to our Gen 10 plant later this year to meet the increase in demand. This will result in additional fixed costs starting with Q2.  Moving to the environmental segment sales in the first quarter were $110 million, a 14% decrease versus fourth quarter sales of $128 million. Auto product sales were $64 million in Q1 compared to $77 million in Q4. Our business continues to feel the impact of a worldwide slow down in auto sales and production. Diesel product sales were $46 million in the first quarter compared to $51 million in quarter four. Segment net loss was $44 million in the first quarter versus a net loss of $23 million in quarter four. Quarter one segment net income includes $19 million in restructuring charges.  Restructuring charges have been taken in the auto business to align our capacity to what we see as lower worldwide level of auto production. We believe the annualized run rate of auto production in Q1 was 49 million units. This is compared to 67 million units last year. However, there are some signs the auto industry may have hit bottom. Worldwide auto sales in March were up for the first time since October led by incentive programs in Europe, strong fleet sales in the United States and the government stimulus in China. There still is uncertainty as to what the new annual level of production will ultimately be. As a result, we are still considering further restructuring actions in our auto business.  Moving to the telecom segment, sales in the first quarter were $385 million, a decrease of 5% versus Q4 and in line with our original expectations. Strong optical fiber demand in China was offset by weaker private network demand in North America and also weaker cable and hardware equipment sales in Europe.  Sales in our fiber and cable products in the first quarter were $192 million, a decrease of 4% sequentially. Lower sales in our base business offset stronger than expected demand for optical fiber. In fact, fiber demand has been so strong we recalled the fiber employees who were laid off in Q4. Sales of our hardware and equipment products were $193 million in Q1, a decrease of 6% sequentially primarily due to lower demand in North America and Europe. Fiber to home sales which are primarily hardware and equipment related were $82 million in the first quarter, up 3% sequentially and 8% year-over-year.  The segment incurred a net loss of $1 million in the first quarter compared to a net loss of $14 million in the fourth quarter. Q1 segment net income includes $15 million in restructuring charges. Q4 includes $22 million in restructuring charges.  Sales in our specialty materials segment were $60 million in Q1, down 29% versus Q4. The decline in sales was primarily related to the semiconductor industry downturn. The segment posted a $27 million loss for Q1 versus a $6 million in Q4. Quarter one segment income includes $18 million in restructuring charges.  In our life sciences segment sales in the first quarter were $66 million consistent with Q4. Segment net income was $8 million compared to $16 million in Q4. Q1 included $7 million in restructuring charges.  Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $5 million in Q1 compared to $86 million in Q4. As a reminder, Q1 included restructuring charges of $29 million. Dow Corning is clearly seeing the worldwide economic slow down impact demand in its silicone businesses. Hemlock continues to be sold out but sales were lower due to a mix shift in semiconductor to solar and also lower prices in the spot market. For your modeling purposes Dow Corning sales were $1 billion in Q1 and $1.3 billion in Q4.  Turning to the balance sheet we ended the first quarter with about $2.6 billion in cash and short-term investments down from $2.8 billion last quarter. Free cash flow was basically break even in Q1. We were expecting a significant outflow but net income was higher than anticipated and CapEx lower than planned. Although we continue to expect it to be around $1.1 billion for the year. We received all of Dow Corning’s planned dividends for the total year in Q1. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure.  With the improvements in the financial markets and with our improved performance we are considering raising a small amount of cash via a debt issuance. This cash could be used to pre-fund debt obligations in 2010 as part of our clear runway strategy, make additional voluntary contributions to our pension plan or to fund small to medium acquisitions.  Inventory fell significant from $798 million at the end of Q4 to $731 million at the end of Q1. The biggest decline came in display as we sold glass out of inventory to meet demand. Inventory also benefited positively from exchange rate changes.  Now on to our outlook. We will not be providing quarterly sales and earnings guidance for Q2 at this time. However, some commentary to help you think about Q2 and the remainder of the year. We exact sales, gross margin and profitability to be significantly higher in Q2 versus Q1. The increase will primarily be driven by volume growth in our display segment. Our second quarter results will also benefit from our recently completed fixed cost reduction programs. We expect total glass volume which includes our wholly owned business and SCP to be up more than 40% sequentially.  At our wholly owned business, volume will be up more than 50% sequentially. Given the stronger than expected demand in Q1 and our expectations for Q2, we will be restarting some idle capacity sooner than we initially anticipated. At SCP volume will be up more than 25% sequentially.  Investors should not be surprised by the difference in growth rates at our wholly owned business and SCP. Taiwanese panel makers have been running at much lower utilization rates and therefore have much more room to move higher versus the Korean panel makers who are already around 90%. Since the Koreans are at 90% they are beginning to purchase panels again from the Taiwanese.  Even with the significant increase in glass shipments, we do not believe panel makers will be building a material amount of inventory in the quarter. We expect panel maker shipments to set makers to be up significantly as well in Q2. Based on our model panel maker inventory as measured in square feet of glass, panel increased by 30 million square feet. We expect glass price declines at both our wholly owned business and SCP to be much more moderate in comparison to Q1. We told our investors our goal was to eventually return to the very moderate price declines we experienced in 2007 and 2008. We feel we are making good progress on reaching that goal as evidenced by the lower price declines expected this quarter.  As a result of the strong volumes, the restarting of capacity and lower price declines display gross margin should be significantly higher this quarter. Looking ahead we also anticipate additional volume growth in Q3 as well as the supply chain prepares for the fourth quarter demand. It is too early to estimate Q4 volume since we don’t know what the supply chain will do but as of now we are assuming demand might be slightly lower.  In our other segments we expect modest sequential growth in Q2. At Dow Corning we have seen improving monthly sales which could lead to notably better results for its Q2 earnings.  Moving to the income statement, SG&A and R&D will likely be consistent on a dollar basis despite the much higher sales level. For our tax rate, based on the mix of income by geographic region, we expect our tax rate to be zero in Q2. For the full year we are still estimating our tax rate to be between 0 and 8%.  Lastly, investors should use 1.56 billion shares in Q2 in their models. Regarding cash and free cash flow we expect it to be slightly negative in Q2 due to the delayed cash impact of Gen 10 capital that we discussed in the past. We are optimistic we will have positive free cash flow for this year.  Before we go to Q&A I want to briefly discuss our sales goal for the year. One of our key assumptions we gave investors in January was a goal to reach $5 billion in sales. We have been aligning our cost structure and employment levels to operate profitably at this sales rate. Based on our Q1 results and expectations for Q2, we are feeling more comfortable today on being able to reach this goal. Given our nature we continue to be cautious. There is still a worldwide recession that is ongoing. Our businesses and equity ventures are still feeling the impact, especially in the auto business in California. If we do not see continued growth into the second half of this year we will then consider taking further corporate-wide restructuring actions to improve profitability.  Ken? 
Ken Sofio:  Thank you. Operator, we are ready to take some questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets. 
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Jim, can you help us understand or help us think about the seasonality now that glass volumes have normalized? Maybe how we should think about that from a quarter-to-quarter basis? Separately, when you say gross margin should be up significantly can you put some parameters on that considering that you are taking some tax off idle and should it go back to 40% for example? Any help there would be great. 
Jim Flaws:  On seasonality, we did provide a slide showing what we view our forecast for total market demand at retail in glass in the slide that we showed this morning. Seasonality around the world, at retail we are not seeing much significant change. The impact on our glass business becomes more driven by television every quarter. You have to look at the different regions. As you know, China is much stronger in the early part of the year. The U.S. much stronger in the last four months of the year and weaker in the second quarter. Europe is similar to the U.S. but slightly more muted and then Japan is relatively more stable all year long.  As far as gross margin percent, we are not giving any corporate-wide forecast, but definitely the increased volume will be helping our gross margin a lot in display as well as obviously the corporation. As we begin to fire up glass tanks in May and June they have basically been absorbing the fixed cost of that with no production and now we will be able to generate additional gross margin from them. Lastly, in Q2 we will be ending selling out of inventory and that will also help our results. 
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: With better demand and inventories pretty lean how do you think about pricing overall in terms of what the panel makers or customers are asking of Corning? 
Jim Flaws:  My only comment on pricing with our panel makers is we have told them we will be lowering prices this quarter but on a much more moderate rate of decline than what we had in Q1. That is what we are expecting to achieve. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brian White – Collins Stewart. 
Brian White – Collins Stewart: On the pricing point here, have you sat down with the panel makers and negotiated for the June quarter yet? 
Jim Flaws:  Yes, we are talking to panel makers about June and have been starting in April. 
Brian White – Collins Stewart: On the capacity coming back on line, I think originally you had spoken about bringing the tanks back on late in the June quarter. Now you are saying kind of May/June. You had taken off about half the tanks in the wholly owned subsidiary and 25% in Samsung Corning. Where can we think about that as we move into the September quarter? 
Wendell Weeks:  Obviously it is going to be higher but I would still count on us in the wholly owned being around half. It takes awhile to get these up and that is where we stand right now. We are going to have it climbing through the quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital. 
C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital: I was hoping to revisit the display gross margin question from earlier. I guess in terms of the moving parts there and considering your drop through was about 85% in 2008 how should we think about the progression here in 2009 and you talked about firing up additional tanks, selling inventory through Q2, that should help. Are there other parts we should be considering excluding I guess the slight increase to depreciation for the Sharp Gen 10? If you could highlight all the moving parts it would be very helpful. 
Jim Flaws:  I think you have probably got most of them. When we sell out of inventory we sell at a gross margin that isn’t as great as when the incremental gross margin when we are just making it on the tanks. So the good news, Q2 versus Q1, is that we will be ending the sell out of inventory probably a little bit earlier than what we expected. We will get some tanks back in production for June making glass and selling it so that will come at a very high variable gross margin rate as you know. Then, Gen 10 probably trims our gross margins by 2.5 points in Q2. 
Wendell Weeks:  The other point I would add to the comments Jim is making on gross margin is also remember in terms of absolute levels that our operations folks have been very concentrated on bringing our inventory levels down, on what tanks we want up relative to anticipated demand, responding to the shifting regional demand patterns and as a result we have not been able to spend as much time as we normally do pushing down our cost curves. So rate of improvement is going to relate primarily to how much our volume increases during the current year rather than as you have grown used to us pushing down the cost curve to offset pricing moves in the near-term. We will get back on track going forward but it is going to take awhile to get realigned. 
C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital:  On the cost cutting side you talked about $30 million in savings in 2Q. Can you walk us through what your business should look like overall exiting calendar 2009, say Q4, without the incremental benefit to gross margin? 
Jim Flaws :  I will just say in Q2 about 2/3 of the benefit is coming to gross margin from that restructuring. We talked about achieving an annualized rate of about $195 million. Obviously the $30 million in Q2 is about $120 million rate so I think the savings will be proportionate as the gross margin and operating expense at the end of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jim Suva – Citi. 
Jim Suva – Citi: It seems like the big topic that kind of emerged over the weekend was the swine flu. Could you maybe let us know a little bit of the history of what happened back when SARS came out with your company? Hopefully this doesn’t repeat into something like that but were there any type of logistical custom issues or something like that we should be aware of? 
Wendell Weeks:  The biggest area that we are watching right at the moment of course is our Mexican operations. We have some significant operations in the Reynosa area aimed primarily at supporting our telecommunications and life science businesses. First, we have seen no outbreaks in Reynosa or reports of outbreaks in Reynosa which is good news. Over the weekend we activated our flu response team at the corporate level. Once again this is a response level that we developed during the time of SARS. What we will do is we will monitor the situation and move to our level protocols accordingly. I would note that in dealing with the SARS issue we were able to do that without negatively impacting our operations in any significant way. 
Jim Suva – Citi: As a quick follow-up, I found your comment about issuing some debt as an interesting. Could you give us a little more color on that? You mentioned for pensions, it looks like your cash position was actually pretty strong. Was it just that cash is in locations you can’t reach? How much cash do you need to run the business and what is your pension outflow we should keep in mind? 
Jim Flaws:  We have enough cash to run the business in the absence of any unexpected worldwide worsening. We feel fine in terms of our cash flow this year. We obviously have used up some cash from the beginning of the recession to when we got our costs normalized but we feel pretty good. That being said, we do have a balance sheet that we intend to run with always having some debt but with a clear runway strategy meaning we try to not have debt coming due in the short-term so we over time opportunistically will issue some debt and get ready with pre-funding it.  In terms of pensions, not when having to put more money in but we might put an extra $50-100 million in if the markets don’t improve. We are obviously under funded as you have seen in our 10K as a result of equity markets being down. Lastly, probably the stronger driver for why we might want to have more cash is we are seeing valuations come down on potential acquisition targets. I will stress of a small to medium size. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Steven Fox – Calyon Securities. 
Steven Fox – Calyon Securities:  First of all on telecom, at the Analyst meeting you talked about it being down 10-15% for the year. Can you just confirm whether that is still in your head as proper outlook? Within that, what are you seeing…you mentioned the private networks but what have you seen from the service providers in terms of their projects, either pushes or pulls? 
Wendell Weeks:  First, on the 10% down for the year, you are right to raise the question because we are doing better in telecom in the first quarter than what we would have anticipated. We would like to get a little deeper into the year to figure out where we are. I note that if you were to take a look at our current plans through quarter two compared to last year we would be down about double digit in revenue. So I think that we would like a little more time to think about whether or not we want to upgrade that or not. Part of the dynamic is that China is super hot and we have seen some slow down in North America and in Europe. We have seen less of that slow down in fiber to the home which is still up in quarter one some 8% year-over-year.  So we are seeing carriers prioritize their fiber to the home investment even as they are a little more cautious. We are beginning to see some evidence that some of the carriers around the world are beginning to release their capital plans. So you put that all in the mix and basically we end up saying give us a little more time and we will talk to you in quarter two. 
Steven Fox – Calyon Securities: Lastly, on the LCD glass tanks are you saying that you are comfortable even with this surprising resurgence in demand in terms of where you are in rebuilding the tanks and getting glass to customers or are they asking for more than you can deliver in the near-term? 
Jim Flaws:  We say glass supply is tight right now but we certainly have the ability to respond and respond we will. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein. 
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: I’m wondering if you could give us some commentary on Hemlock. I’m specifically wondering if any of the restructuring charges in Dow Corning this quarter apply to Hemlock and what is the outlook for maintaining your utilization around 100%? 
Wendell Weeks:  I don’t think there was any restructuring at Hemlock. I was just there actually on Friday and their demand is very strong. What they have begun to see some turn back in semiconductor from solar. You may recall we talked earlier about some of the semiconductor people have taken their contracts to solar and then benefited from the lowering in spot price. We have seen an increase in semiconductor demand as we are marching into April and they are still making everything they can and basically selling all they can. They have had no changes to their contracts with their customers. They have had nobody failing to make a prepayment on the various contracts. Things are going quite well there. 
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Wondering given that glass supply is tight what you are anticipating your competitors in the LCD glass space to do in terms of their capacity additions and capacity changes and how that impacts when you decide to light tanks? 
Jim Flaws :  We believe that both of our large competitors have at the end of the quarter begun lighting tanks again. We would expect that to be in line with them drawing down their own inventories as we have and with the increased market demand. Our observation of that to the degree it is accurate is it is in line with what we would have expected for the market place. So we are not seeing any unusual behavior. 
Operator:  The next question comes from John Harmon – Needham & Company. 
John Harmon – Needham & Company: I would just like to probe into one of your previous answers. I believe previously you had said that your capacity utilization is below 50%. Then with the 50% sequential increase in volume you are expecting at your wholly owned businesses I think you said your capacity utilization would still be about 50%. Would that mean it was around 30% and is going up to 50% or does it really take you practically the whole quarter to get the new tanks on line for the capacity being frozen for a quarter? 
Jim Flaws:  What we said is our glass utilization in our wholly owned business was less than 50%. As of the end of April we have not re-lit another tank yet so we are just now making decisions to start re-lighting the tanks. It takes us about a month to re-light a tank so if we press the button today basically the earliest we would get glass is June. So we are still running the exact same number of tanks as what we had at the end of last year. So that is why Wendell made that comment. We are drawing down our inventories at a much more rapid rate now that demand is going up and obviously making the decision to start multiple tanks as soon as possible to be ready for this increased demand. 
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Secondly, based upon your improved view of what the glass market is this year do you have to add any new tanks or had you built enough last year to tide you through this growth? 
Jim Flaws:  We are not planning on starting footprint construction of any new tanks in Taiwan. We had some new tanks that never ran last year and may run this year and then obviously in Japan, as you know, we have multiple tanks for Gen 10. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity. 
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity : On the gross margin line, as you look at the second quarter your volume is going up 40% and in Q2 you are expecting better volumes and the pricing on the glass seems to be benign here going into the second quarter. Would you expect gross margins in that scenario to get to at least the low 40’s exiting calendar 2009? 
Jim Flaws:  I’m sorry; we are just not giving gross margin guidance going out. 
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity : Just to bracket it on your comment on significantly improved margins in the second quarter. Given you are not bringing new furnaces on but your volumes are going up 40% how do you see that on the margin line? 
Jim Flaws:  We expect gross margins to be substantially higher in Q2 and for them to grow again in Q3 but we are not going to give specific numbers or even bracket it. 
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity : Again, on the market share side, I was wondering how you see that trending through calendar 2009 versus the other two guys in the space. 
Wendell Weeks:  Well let’s start with this past quarter. So, if you have been following us for awhile you would know as we implement our pricing strategy what we try to make sure we do is we don’t over react to any near-term moves in share and instead try to make sure that we have the sort of stickiness required to get where we want to get over the sweep of time. In quarter one implementing that pricing strategy meant we probably lost some share although it is very hard to measure on a quarter-to-quarter basis. As this year is now seems to be evolving, barring any additional economic change with consumer preferences what we would expect is to regain some of that share as we go into quarter two. That is about as far as I would like to run through it in terms of seasonality. Overall our expectation is share will end up for the year about where it went in. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank. 
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: I had a question with regard to the glass business. Can you talk a little bit about the costs associated with re-lighting the tanks? I’m trying to better understand the incremental benefit of bringing this capacity on line in 2Q relative to 3Q. 
Jim Flaws:  The incremental cost to light a tank is relatively small. We do have capital costs to rebuild the tank when we have taken it down. Actually we have rebuilt a lot of these tanks earlier in quarter one and then there will be some depreciation when they start up. It is not a big number. Then relative to the incremental cost of energy, sand and people it is relatively minor. That is why this is such a high variable gross margin business. So, I don’t think you really will see much impact from that. 
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: When we think about depreciation in the second quarter do you think where we are in 1Q that is a decent number here or is it going to be increasing from 1Q levels? 
Jim Flaws:  It will increase a small amount due to the lighting up of tanks and then also some from Gen 10. 
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: With regard to Gen 10 will we see that drag in 2Q reverse in 3Q or do you think that Gen 10 will continue to be a drag in the third quarter also? 
Jim Flaws:  It will continue to be a drag in quarter three because we will begin bringing up more capacity and we expect Sharp’s demand to be relatively small in the beginning of the year and then the question will be how quickly they begin ramping in Q4.  
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank:  Just to clarify that, would that be an incremental drag versus 2Q? 3Q over 2Q? 
Jim Flaws :  A slight incremental drag. 
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank:  Payables, there was a pretty significant drop there in the quarter. Anything going on there we should be aware of? 
Jim Flaws:  It really is the reflection of the capital spending that occurred prior that we are paying some bills on. Remember what I said earlier in this year is we will eventually be exiting this year running at a very low level of capital spending. We have been running at a rate approaching $2 billion and we will be exiting this year at a rate right between $500-600 million. So that is a big change too. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co. 
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co. : Another question on the gross margin maybe from a different angle. Obviously some puts and takes next quarter. On an absolute dollar basis do you expect COGS to inch up or do you think you can keep them flat with the Q1 levels? 
Jim Flaws :  That is a clever way of getting me to give gross margin forecast and I won’t answer the question. 
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co. : It isn’t because you are not giving top line guidance. The other question is on sell through, obviously some indicators from China showing very strong demand there. It seems like a lot of incremental demand for the panel makers from the subsidies in rural areas. Do you have any data about sell through there? 
Jim Flaws:  The only data we have in China is with the panel we buy overall where demand has been quite strong. We have no parsing of the demand by rural area versus major cities on the coast. So I can’t help you there. It has been very strong demand this year in China throughout the quarters. 
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co. : On the restructuring were there any restructuring savings already visible on the P&L in Q1 or is the $30 million savings in Q2 going to be all incremental? 
Jim Flaws:  The $30 million is incremental to Q1 but Q1 did have some savings versus Q4 because we had reduced some people in the telecom area in November that we saw savings so you would have gotten some savings from that in Q1 versus Q4. So the $30 million is all incremental. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities. 
Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities: Back to pricing for one minute, I know you have kind of talked a little bit in the past about your pricing in first quarter was going to probably be unusually depressed and your comments this morning about things getting better in terms of pricing and also your comments in terms of the glass market being relatively tight indicate it is going to be considerably better than what it was in first quarter. Is there a way you can quantify a little bit in terms of what first quarter actually looked like in terms of your pricing? 
Jim Flaws:  Our pricing guidance we gave at quarter one was it was at the upper end of single digits and that is what it turned out to be. We expect it to be significantly lower in Q2 but not back to the level of 2% we experienced back in 2007 and early 2008. 
Operator:  The next question comes from John Roberts – Buckingham Research. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research : Do you expect that Gen 10 will have a material mix effect on pricing at some point in the next 12 months or the next four quarters? 
Jim Flaws:  No we don’t expect it to have any material impact from a mix point of view. As big as it is, the business is so large now that the introduction of any new fab doesn’t change the overall mix very much. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research : Are there any discussions underway, there were several other sort of tentative announcements on other Gen 10 by other potential customers in that market place? It all got put on hold when the industry turned down but now that things are picking up have any of those discussions re-started? 
Jim Flaws:  We have no new confirmations of construction start up of Gen 10 or Gen 11 at this stage. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel. 
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: On cash flows you have shown some pretty impressive cash flow in this quarter and you have also talked about your CapEx falling and your demand side actually rising. Could you give us some indication for this year what you would expect your cash flow generation to be? Maybe even if you don’t want to give specific guidance if you do make a $5 billion top line number what it could look like? 
Jim Flaws:  Well if we make the $5 billion top line number we expect to see good free cash flow generation. I won’t dollarize it at this stage. We will give you more help on that in our July call. If we get to that level and things are playing out the way we expect in this way we should be in good shape to have strong, positive free cash flow this year. It certainly will not be as great as two years ago but it will be definitely very good. 
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: The second question would be just looking at your telecom business you talked about shedding some workers in the fourth quarter and then bringing them back in the first quarter. From an overall perspective, particularly on the fiber side of things could you give us some color as to what capacity utilization you’re at your [inaudible] are? 
Jim Flaws:  It is tiny. 
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: At both or at one it is close to 100% and at the other it is about half the plant or less than half? Higher than half? 
Jim Flaws:  We are not going to disclose that. For the glass we have running it is very tight. Demand is very strong relative to our ability to supply. You may note we were just over in China doing a ribbon cutting on a very significant expansion of our Shanghai fiber plant. That is timed very well to help meet the acceleration in the China market demand. 
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: The margin structure in China is it comparable to what you get for the fiberglass in the U.S. and also the profitability as related to, the pricing environment for fiber just given how tight your capacity is I’m not sure what the competitive dynamics are of capacity utilization at the competitors but is that pricing environment fairly benign? 
Wendell Weeks:  I think pricing being fairly benign in telecom is sort of a strange concept. You have the overall industry structure with relatively few very powerful buyers relative to the supply base right now. With pricing strategies played out in fiber like we have wanted them to and certainly pricing has become more moderate though I would not ever call the telecom pricing environment benign. 
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: In terms of mix, like China versus North America is there a major difference in margin structure? 
Wendell Weeks:  I wouldn’t want to start to talk about by region margin structure. Mix overall what I would say is that high data rate projects as well as private network type projects have been impacted more than some of our base business projects. Therefore, the relative weight of standard single mode is higher than sort of a high data rate fiber or private networks and that will tend to be a little bit negative on mix for us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS : On the $195 million cost reduction, just a couple of clarifications on that. In the second quarter you said you would get an additional $30 million in savings but most of that will be in COG if I heard that right. What was the actual savings you had in the first quarter? I’m trying to get a sense by the end of Q2 where you will be versus the full target. 
Jim Flaws:  I just don’t have that handy. I will get something and we will get you back. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS : Even though most of the savings in 2Q will be in COG, ultimately half of the savings will be in OpEx and half in COGS? Is that the way to look at it? 
Jim Flaws:  No. I think it will still be slightly weighted towards cost of goods sold in the second. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS : On LCD gross margin given the volume ramp in the next couple of quarters and more stable pricing if this continues is there a scenario where you can get back to the gross margins you had in the LCD business in the first nine months of 2008? Some time in the next year or so or are those margins not going to be achievable based on the resetting of the bar here in the first quarter? 
Jim Flaws:  Let me start out by saying our gross margin in March was very nice for us in the display business. It moved up each month. In terms of an exit rate from the year the way we think about it is we will probably end up with a 12-month period of time with quite a bit of price decline obviously mostly driven by the quarter one being down. Unfortunately we won’t have had the same opportunity to work on what we call our normalized cost reductions over the course of the year driven principally by the fact we spent a lot of time shutting down plants and bringing them back up. I am not expecting our gross margin gets back to the level it was by the end of the year. I do expect it to be quite high and to be an extremely profitable business. Whether it gets better over time I think will be very dependent on the ratio of price declines in 2010 relative to our ability to work on cost reductions.  As you know, there have been years in the past where we had cost reductions exceeding our price declines. If we get one of those again it will help inch our way back. As of right now I am not expecting to get back to quite the level that we had in the first half of last year in our wholly owned business but I do expect the margins to be very, very high. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS : On acquisitions, at the Analyst Day and maybe it is just me over-analyzing this, I got a sense at the analyst day the company was more aggressively looking at acquisitions and today on this call it is kind of like we might do a small or medium one and we might not. Did something change over the last couple of months or is it pretty much the same approach you had at Analyst Day? 
Wendell Weeks:  I would say it is pretty much the same approach we had at the Analyst Day. Remember, for us we have two things that are going to tend to balance out and we will see how opportunities arise one way or the other on that. On one side valuations are down and we are very strong financially so that raises the probability of us doing some smart external development. On the other hand, we are never going to do anything that challenges the fundamental stability of Corning and we always aim at being here another 150 years with independence and innovation but that tends to make us be conservative and not over-reach. So no change in approach. We will just see. If we get an opportunity that manages to fit through that cycle of being something we would be outstanding at, the valuation being right and at the same time being totally consistent with our strategic framework. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brendan Furlong – Miller, Tabak & Co. 
Brendan Furlong – Miller, Tabak & Co. : On the telecom side you mentioned that the data com/enterprise spending part of the telecom was weak in Q1. Any further color on that into Q2? 
Jim Flaws:  As we take a look going into quarter two we expect overall telecom sales to be modestly higher. That being driven really around the same dynamics, we expect relative flatness in some of the areas that we are down and continued strength in those areas we are up. 
Brendan Furlong – Miller, Tabak & Co. : On firing up the tanks, say firing them up in May and June it would be a way to characterize the impact on gross margin in Q3 as significant again? 
Wendell Weeks:  Yes. Basically you are going to get the glass coming off those tanks, assuming the volume remains as we think it is, to come in at extremely high variable gross margins. 
Brendan Furlong – Miller, Tabak & Co. : On the pricing front, I have you roughly down 8% quarter-over-quarter on pricing and normally 2%. You are more moderate in Q2. Do you think you can get half way back to the more normalized level? 
Wendell Weeks:  I’m sorry; I’m not going to confirm that. 
Jim Flaws:  Just a couple of quick investor related announcements. First, Ken and I will be in London on Tuesday, May 5th meeting investors. We will have an open luncheon that day and if there is anybody interested in attending you should call Ken. Second, I will be presenting at the JP Morgan Technology Conference in Boston on Monday, May 18th. Lastly, Wendell will be presenting at the Sanford Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference on May 28th.  We hope to see you at one of these events. Ken? 
Ken Sofio:  Thank you Jim. Thank you Wendell. Thank you all for listening today. A play back of the call will be available starting at 10:30 a.m. ET today through 5:00 p.m. ET on Monday, May 11. To listen dial 800-475-6701. The access pass code will be 994513. The audio cast is also available on our website during that time. John that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Sofio – Division VP, IR Jim Flaws – Vice Chairman & CFO Wendell Weeks – Chairman & CEO
Analysts: C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets Brian White – Collins Stewart Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Jim Suva – Citi Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank John Harmon – Needham & Company Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity Amitabh Passi – UBS Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Scott Coleman – Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Corning Incorporated fourth quarter results conference call. It’s now my pleasure to introduce to you Mr. Ken Sofio, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Sofio: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Corning’s fourth quarter conference call. This call is also being audio cast on our Web site. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will join for the Q&A. Before I turn it over to Jim, you should note that today’s remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company’s SEC reports. Jim?
Jim Flaws: Thanks Ken. Good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the fourth quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations Web site. We’ve also posted the accompanying slides on our Web site. Before I begin covering the details, I would like to make a few overall comments. We are disappointed in our quarter four results. I think the results are understandable in light of the difficult economic situation; however, we are disappointed. We are on our way to an outstanding year, and quarter four wiped out a lot of strong performance earlier in the year and also value. We’ve had some investors question whether we missed any turning points due to the worsening economy. It’s been my experience that turning points are very difficult to forecast; nevertheless, we’ve stepped back and looked to see if we missed anything. In the winter and early spring of last year, investors were worried that retail would turn down due to high energy and food prices. Our response was, maybe, but we don’t see it in our data on the retail sales of notebooks and televisions. In retrospect, we did overestimate future IT-level sales at retail. We had forecasted 15% and 14% growth in quarter three and quarter four, respectively. Ultimately, IT square foot growth was only 2% in quarter three and a negative 6% in quarter four. And, for those interested in the impact, that change was 84 million square feet of glass, about 4% of the full year glass market, which was 2 billion square feet. Also in retrospect, I do not think that we missed any signs on television growth. TV growth at retail in square feet was up 55% in quarter two and up 41% in quarter three. We had forecasted television growth to be up in the 40% range for quarter four and it turned out to be up only 20% a square feet in quarter four, an overestimate of 96 million square feet versus our July forecast. I don’t think we could have anticipated a September financial shocks and the subsequent dramatic impacts on consumer confidence and spending. We did try to adjust our outlook down, but it clearly was dropping too fast and that led to multiple guidance revisions. We had called out the supply chain risk in our July call. We were worried that the supply chain might need to reduce 50 million more square feet. Supply chain actually reacted faster and more severely than we anticipated in quarter four; we had thought the supply chain would reduce 75 million square feet in Q4 with the risk of the additional 50 million square feet. The reality turned out to be far bigger. The supply chain reduced 230 million square feet of glass in quarter four. When you combine the retail weakness and supply chain contraction, you will understand why our glass volumes were so much in Q4. By the way, these numbers I am discussing here were for the entire industry. So, it was a difficult and disappointing quarter. We are trying to learn from it for future forecasting. More importantly, we are not in denial about the recession and started taking quick action in quarter four and are continuing to do so in quarter one to get our cost structure in line with the sales level. So, let me turn to the details. Fourth quarter sales were $1.1 billion, about 30% lower than Q3 and Q4 a year ago. We suffered decline in most of our businesses, reflecting lower end demand from recession and supply chain contractions. We are moving rapidly to reduce our cost structure to align our operations to lower sales level. We’ve moved quickly to slow production, most notably in display. We are also planning significant fixed cost reductions. P&L benefit from these will show more significantly in the second quarter. We are also planning to consolidate some manufacturing. Those actions will take longer and the benefits will come later. Q4 sales benefitted slightly from changes in exchange rates versus Q3 as the benefit from the stronger Yen was mostly offset from the impact of a weaker Euro. Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 28% in Q4 compared to 47% in Q3 and 48% a year ago. The decline was primarily due to lower volumes in display, telecom, and environmental. As a reminder, most of our businesses, especially display and environmental, have high variable gross margins and high fixed costs. We see full gross margin potential in these businesses when they are running near capacity. Unfortunately, the opposite is true when volumes are lower. In addition, gross margin was impacted by accelerated depreciation stemming from capacity reductions taken in display. I will discuss our capacity decisions in a moment, but for your modeling purposes, there was approximately 32 million of accelerated depreciation charges to gross margin in Q4. This impacted corporate gross margin by about 3 percentage points. SG&A was $179 million, or 17% of sales compared to $220 million, or 14% of sales in Q3. SG&A expense was lower primarily due to the reversal of variable compensation accrued earlier in the year due to a significant decline in Q4 results. Fundamentally, Q4 is bad enough to drive any total year bonuses down to a very low level. The accrual reduction represented a $37 million reduction versus Q3 expenses. This accrual adjustment obviously will not repeat in Q1. R&D was $153 million in Q4 versus $160 million in Q3. R&D was also lower due to reversal compensation accruals for R&D personnel. Other expense in the fourth quarter was $33 million, including $11 million special loss on short term investments I will discuss in a minute, rest of the loss was primarily due to the impact of unwinding hedges for transaction levels that were down in display and volatility on our balance sheet hedges. Equity earnings were $282 million in the fourth quarter compared to $382 million in the third quarter, a sequential decline of 26%. The increase was primarily due to lower earnings at both SCP and Dow Corning. Net income, excluding special items, was $208 million, a decrease of about 70% sequentially and year over year. You should note that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures, reconciliations to GAAP can be found on our Web site. EPS excluding special items was $0.13, down about 70% sequentially and year over year. Our share count for the fourth quarter was 1.56 billion shares. Our fourth quarter results included net special gains of $41 million or $0.03 a share. We released an additional $45 million of US deferred tax asset valuation allowances and reduced our asbestos liability by $28 million pretax and after-tax. Asbestos liability was lower due to reduction in the valuation of Pittsburgh Corning Europe, which will be contributed to the settlement. These gains were offset by a $22 million pretax, $21 million after-tax restructuring charge, and $11 million pre and after-tax loss on cash and short term investments. Including the special items, our fourth quarter EPS was $0.16 per share. As I mentioned earlier, we are moving rapidly to reduce our cost structure in this difficult environment. In the fourth quarter, we implemented the first round of workforce reductions, affecting 500 employees, primarily in the telecommunication segment. In total, the company is currently planning to reduce its workforce by about a net 3,500 employees, or 13%. In addition to the $22 million charge we took in Q4, we will take a first quarter charge in the range of $115 million to $165 million. We expect to complete all planned actions by the end of 2009. Several of our equity companies are evaluating restructuring actions that may result in additional charges in the first quarter. The annualized savings from all our planned actions will be in the range of 150 million to 200 million in our consolidated businesses. We have also decided to suspend all salaried merit increases in 2009. We are in the process of communicating many of these decisions to our workforce, as a result, we will not be discussing the detail of the plans today. Peter Volanakis will discuss the actions taken to date on our Annual Investor Meeting next week. Now let me turn to the segment results for the fourth quarter starting with display. Fourth quarter sales were $390 million, or about 44% lower than Q3. Volume at our wholly owned business was down about 50% sequentially. Display sales benefited by about 5% from the Yen moving from an average 108 in Q3 to an average of 98 in Q4. The price declines were slightly higher than previous quarters. Equity earnings from SCP’s LCD glass business were $194 million in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 25% compared to $259 million in Q3. Volume at SCP was down 25% sequentially, monitor price declines were offset by a favorable exchange rate. For your modeling purposes, SCP fourth quarter LCD sales were $703 million compared to $896 million in the third quarter, a decrease of 22%. As a reminder, this represents SCP’s LCD sales only. Our public filings will report SCP’s total sales, which include the CRT glass sales. Net income in the display segment, which includes equity earnings was $222 million in the fourth quarter, significantly lower than the third quarter. For the full year, segment sales were $2.7 billion, a 4% increase over the ’07 sales of $2.6 billion. SCP sales were $3.2 billion, 32% increase over their ‘07 sales of $2.4 billion. Volume growth in total for our wholly owned business and SCP was 14%. However, volume growth was much higher at SCP for the year, 28% versus our wholly owned business, was just 1%. Price declines for the year at our wholly owned business were down 7%, SCP prices were down slightly more. And segment results benefitted from favorable exchange rates. The glass market in total finished the year at 2 billion square feet, up 250 million square feet or 14% from the 1.75 billion square feet last year. So, our total volume growth of 14% was in line with the overall market growth but also highlights the strength of the Korean market. As you may recall, our original estimate for 2008 market growth was at least 25%. The actual growth of 14% reflects the impact of slowing IT sales from Q2 on, a lower than expected growth in television sales in Q4, and the supply chain contraction. I would like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain and retail environment. We believe the display supply chain contracted significantly in the fourth quarter, a further contraction is likely. Let’s start with the fourth quarter. We believe inventories in the supply chain fell sharply in the fourth quarter due to panel makers continuing to run at lower utilization rates coupled with strong pull from retail for televisions in December. In Taiwan, Gen 5 and higher fabs, which is most of the panel capacity, ran at 27% utilization in November and 23% in December. For the quarter, the average utilization rate was 35%. Please note this is our calculation and may differ public statements made by panel makers. In Korea, Gen 5 and higher fabs ran at roughly 70% utilization rate in November and 45% in December. For the quarter, the average utilization rate was 68%. On the retail side, we found that LCD televisions remained a very resilient consumer purchase even in this difficult economic environment with year over year growth continuing in the fourth quarter. US sales of LCD televisions were strong in late December as consumers may have delayed their television purchases. For the month, LCD TV sales in US were up 37% year over year, which is higher than we had forecasted. In the last week alone, LCD television sales were up 50% over the last year, and we have just received the first and second weeks of January sales in United States, which indicated year over year growth of 36% and 18%, respectively. All these data is provided by MPD [ph] reflects about 50% market coverage. Missing from MPD most notably is Wal-Mart, which also reported strong holiday sales in electronics, which included LCD television. In the US overall, LCD TV sales grew 30% year over year in 2008, despite the weak 11% and 12% growth rates in October and November, respectively. In other regions where weekly data does not exist, December sales of LCD televisions in Japan were up 17% year over year. In China, December sales were up 30% versus last year, which was lower than our expectations. And in Europe, where we have retail data only through November, which showed sales up 27% versus last year. As a reminder, all the sales data and quoting here are in units. As a result of the lower utilization rates and strong retail, panel inventories fell significantly in the fourth quarter. In Taiwan, the inventory was estimated to be in the three to four week range at the end of December. We view four weeks as healthy, so these levels are encouraging, as compares to up to six weeks of panel inventory in prior months. It should be noted the average weeks calculation is using current panel demand as the dominator, so the absolute decline in inventory is actually much greater than the decline in weeks would imply. In Korea, inventory levels of panel makers are much less than in Taiwan. We have seen improving supply chain metrics resonate in recent panel price data. Panel prices have stabilized in many key sizes. For notebooks, monitors, and LCD television, panel prices remain unchanged in recent weeks. So why are we feeling better about panel inventory and consumer demands? What about the inventory at set assembly and retailers? For those, there's not that much data. So we need to rely on our models. Let me share with you some of the data from our supply chain model. There is a chart we have posted for those with Web access. For those of you who are only listening on the phone, let me describe what it looks like. We model the equivalent amount of glass in square feet at various stages of the supply chain for each quarter, both in inventory and shipments for the panel makers, set assembly, and at retail, as well as the amount of glass shipped in the panel makers and the equivalent amount of glass shipped out of the supply chain from retail to the customers. I would like you to focus on the first quarter of 2008 to get a sense of how the model works. Based on our estimates, in Q1, about 524 million square feet of glass were shipped to panel makers and 479 million square feet of glass in the form of finished products were shipped out to consumers. So the supply chain in total built about 46 million square feet of glass. In total, at the end of Q1, there was about 639 million square feet of glass at the panel set and retail, versus 445 a year before. Now it is true the overall display market was bigger, we acquired more products in supply chain. As noted before, supply chain was beginning to build for much stronger demand in the back half of the year. Looking at the details, you can see the biggest increase in comparison to the prior year was at the set assembly level, 250 million square feet of glass in comparison to just 83 million the year before. This is where we believe inventories started to build in the supply chain. In the second quarter of ‘08, another 563 million square feet of glass was shipped into the supply chain, but only about 431 million were shipped out to consumers. So in Q2, there was another 132 million square feet of inventory added to the supply chain, on top of 46 million built in the previous quarter. At the end of Q2, we believe the set assemblers were sitting on the equivalent of 312 million square feet of glass, almost 2 1/2 times held a year before, in anticipation of a bigger market. I would like to pause here to remind investors that we discussed the supply chain model in our July call. We called attention to this build in inventory at the set assembly level. At that point in the year, we were not anticipating any recession impact on retail, but we were worried the supply chain was on track to be carrying 50 million square feet too much by the end of the year. Now let us step into the third quarter, where the trend continued and supply chain built another 93 million square feet. During this time, retail had remained relatively strong. Comparing the first three quarters of ‘08 to the first three quarters of ‘07, it was 30% more equivalent glass in the form of end product shipped to consumers. But despite this, it was now clear that supply chain still needed to contract. We believe this is why set assemblers started to reduce panel orders late in Q2, as they had built too much inventory for second half demand. So panel shipments declined and inventory built there as well. It is also likely why when panel makers began cutting prices in late June through the summer it did little to spur demand, because their customers had too much inventory. Supply chain began contracting severely when the consumer crisis hit in October. Subsequently, orders for glass fell significantly. The amount of glass shipped into panel makers in Q4 was 30% lower than the year before. Our shipments to consumers were actually up 11% versus the year before, but clearly, that was more than previously anticipated. At the end of ‘08, there was 634 million square feet in supply chain versus 594 at the end of ‘07. As you can see, panel making inventories fell substantially, about 60% versus the third quarter. Panel making inventories ended the year at extremely low levels. Panel makers have been clearing out inventory at low prices, but not replenishing it, because price points are at or below build material cost for some items. This is likely why panel price declines are now moderate. However, based on our modeling, there remains at least a 100 million square feet of excess inventory at the set assembly and retail level. This is why we believe the supply chain may contract further in Q1. At panel makers, we expect utilization rates to increase throughout quarter one from the December low, but the average utilization rate for Q1 compared to Q4 will still likely be lower. This is why we are anticipating a smaller glass market in Q1. I will share our thoughts with you about glass demand for Q1 and the remainder of the year on the outlook section. Before I leave Display, I want to provide an update on glass capacity. For all the reasons I have just described, we decided to idle a significant amount of glass capacity last quarter. Today, we have idled more than half of our capacity at our wholly-owned business and SCP has idled approximately 25% of their capacity as well. We have significant flexibility to increase or decrease our capacity as needed depending on demand levels. This flexibility stems in part from modular tanks as well as our decision to rebuild those tanks as soon as they were idled. In addition, we believe other glassmakers have also responded to market conditions by idling a significant amount of capacity in the fourth quarter. Based on their public announcements and noticeable actions to date, we believe our competitors have idled up to half of their capacity. As a result, we believe the spread between the glass capacity in operation today and glass demand is narrow. However, there is still a significant amount of glass inventory still available at all glassmakers. Before idle glass capacity is brought back online, this inventory will need to be worked down. Timing will depend on market conditions. Now moving into the Environmental segment, sales in the fourth quarter were $128 million, a 28% decrease versus the third quarter of $177 million. Auto product sales were $77 million in Q4 compared $112 million in Q3. This business is clearly seeing the impact of the worldwide slowdown in auto sales and auto production. Diesel product sales were $51 million in the fourth quarter as to $65 million in Q3. Segment net loss was $23 million in the fourth quarter, a decline versus the third quarter net income of $15 million. Moving to the Telecom segment, sales in the fourth quarter were $405 million, a decrease of 18% versus Q3 and in line with our original expectations. The sales decline was due to lower fiber volume and lower demands for private network and FTT products. Sales in our fiber and cable products in the fourth quarter were $200 million, a decrease of 22% sequentially. Sales of hardware equipment were $205 million in Q4, a decrease of 14% sequentially. Fiber-to-the-home sales, which are primarily hardware and equipment related, were $80 million in the fourth quarter compared to $96 million in the third quarter. Compared to the year ago, fiber-to-the-home sales increased 15%. Sales for the year were $350 million, an increase of 18% over ‘07. The segment incurred a net loss of $14 million in the fourth quarter compared to $25 million in segment income in the third quarter. However, as a reminder, fourth-quarter segment results included $19 million in after-tax restructuring charges. Sales in our Special Materials segment were $84 million in Q4, down 17% versus Q3. Decline in sales was primarily related to the semiconductor industry downturn as well as lower clear glass sales, driven by the consumer recession. The segment posted a $6 million loss in Q4 versus a $1 million loss in Q3. In Life Sciences, sales in the fourth quarter were $75 million, down 10% versus Q3. This decline was due to normal seasonality. Life Sciences was the only business that has not yet seen the impact of the economic downturn. Segment net income was $16 million versus $11 million in Q3. Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $86 million in Q4 compared to $109 million in Q3, which included special charges of $18 million. Dow Corning has clearly seen the worldwide economic slowdown in the silicone business. Hemlock sales have not been affected. For your modeling purposes, Dow Corning sales were $1.3 billion in Q4 compared to $1.49 billion in Q3. For the year, sales were $5.5 billion, an increase of 10% over last year. Silicone sales grew 5%, while hemlock sales grew 30%. Now turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with about $2.8 billion in cash and short-term investments, down from $3.2 billion last quarter. The most significant cash outflow was $766 million in capital expenditures. We had negative free cash flow in the fourth quarter of $384 million. For the year, free cash flow was $211 million. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. Now let me turn to our outlook. We will not be providing quarterly sales and earning guidance for Q1 at this time. The current environment continues to make it difficult to forecast in the short term. However, I have some commentary to help you think about Q1 and the remainder of the year. We expect our sales and profitability to be lower in Q1. In fact, we expect our EPS before special items to be about breakeven in the first quarter. This is the result of low sales for Display, Telecom, and Environmental, as the economy continues to impact these businesses during this seasonally low quarter. Gross margins for Q1 will trend lower again, due primarily to lower display volumes, and the higher price declines. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the supply chain will contract further in the first quarter. We believe first-quarter glass volume at our wholly-owned business and SCP could be 20% to 25% lower sequentially. We expect display price declines to be higher in Q1 than the previous quarters, as we had announced in December. We expect the sequential price declines to be in the high single digits for the quarter. Looking ahead, we believe the supply chain contraction will end in Q1 and glass demand will climb substantially in Q2 as input to panel makers is at or above retail demand. Regarding display pricing, if we are right about the supply chain and glass demand increase, our goal will be to return to more modest price declines in Q2. As a result of the additional volume running through our factories and lower price declines coupled with the elimination of any accelerated depreciation hits, we expect to see a significant improvement in our gross margin in Q2. We would also expect to see seasonally strong demand in Telecom, which should help margins. Q2 margins should be getting the benefit from the restructuring actions that are underway. Moving down the income statement, SG&A and R&D will be higher than a dollar in the percentage sales in Q1. The benefit we saw in Q4 from the reversal of comp accruals will not repeat. Investors should begin to see cost savings from our restructuring programs in Q2. Interest income will likely be lower in quarter one, as we have less cash to invest and rates are lower. Other expenses should be materially lower as we won't have the impact of unwinding hedging losses. Dow Corning’s equity earnings should also be lower sequentially in Q1, the result of the continued softness in demand for silicones. And turning to the tax rate, I will be discussing this in more detail at the investor meeting. In 2009, we are likely to see significantly lower tax rate than our previous 25% guidance. Lastly, investors should use 1.56 million shares in Q1 for their models. Regarding cash flow, we are optimistic we will have a positive free cash flow for this year, but our cash flow will be significantly negative in Q1 and Q2 due to the delayed cash impact of the Gen 10 capital that I have discussed in the past. I know investors are used to receiving more quantitative guidance than we have provided at this time. Hope some of the color on the Display business and supply chain were helpful. As always, we're expecting your feedback. The economic conditions are making it difficult for us and many other companies to forecast with any degree of certainty. We are sizing the company to run at approximately $5 billion sales level. $5 billion is above our Q4 run rate, so why are we comfortable today with this estimate? As I explained earlier, we do think the supply chain contraction will end. We are also factoring in some modest growth in notebook and televisions. However, we could be wrong. As we enter the second quarter, we feel sales would be lower and we will look at additional cost cutting. All these actions are necessary to protect the company, it does not make them any easier to make, especially the decision to reduce our workforce. We don't take these decisions lightly, knowing how it has an impact on people's lives and the communities in which we all live and work. We will continue to treat all our employees with dignity and respect as we work through these difficult times. That being said, we feel good about our current financial health. Although we will be free cash flow negative in the short term, our balance sheet remains strong. For the last several years, we have purposely maintained a significant amount of cash over debt to weather difficult times like the one we are experiencing now. We have also purposely maintained a clear run rate of debt maturities. No material amount of debt coming due for several years, and we have complete access to our revolver. The balance sheet is strong, which allows us to take time to take the necessary steps to realign the company, while continuing to invest in innovation. Innovation has always been the lifeblood of Corning, so having the ability to continue to invest in it is very important. Regarding our businesses and the current state of the economy, we strongly believe the long-term growth trends of Display, Telecom, and Environmental remain intact. Why do we believe this? Because we're experiencing an economic downturn; not an industry collapse. The reasons we like these markets, LCD replacing CRTs, fiber replacing copper, tighter emission standards, are still valid and will continue. The reason we like our own businesses has not changed either. We remain the technology leader and have the financial flexibility to continue to invest and push that advantage further. We continue to have strong market share. We are the cost leader and have financial flexibility to look for ways to continue to reduce costs. So in the meantime, while the markets take time to recover, we will make ourselves leaner and more cost effective, while investing to expand our technology and leadership in our current businesses, as well as advance new opportunities. We are very much looking forward to the next decade of opportunities. Ken?
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. And John, we are ready to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And first we will go to the line of C. J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, Jim, in terms of restructuring, can you talk about the timing of when we should see the full annualized savings of the $150 million to $200 million, and then within that, can you give the mix between gross margin and OPEX?
Jim Flaws: The full savings won’t be till the end of the year, because some of the plan consolidations happen then. The majority of the savings will be showing up to you really as the second quarter unfolds. I won’t give you the savings by line item today, but I will ask Ken to remind me to do that at the Investor meeting to be able to show you how they fill up.
C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay, and then in terms of when we get back to a more normalized glass demand environment, how we should we think about gross margin for Display as volumes pick up? I mean, is there a stair step approach as you un-idle capacity; any help there would be greatly appreciated.
Jim Flaws: What we have done is regard our capacity basically shut down now. Part of our capital is actually rebuilding the tanks and getting them ready to go. We can turn them on relatively quickly. As we turn them on and big in to fill up, we have extremely high variable margins that will start showing up. So the downside that we experienced in Q4 of high variable margins hurting us will help us as that goes along. So the real questions will be the pace at which that slows down. As you know, our variable margins are extremely high, so any additional sales volume will flow to the bottom line pretty quickly. I'm not prepared to give you a cycle of quarterly volume growth at this point in time. Frankly, our ability to forecast that is not that great. But as soon as the volume picks up, it will flow very quickly to gross margin and net profits.
C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay, and then last question from me. In the other income line, typically you see nice profitability there from the royalties from SCP, this quarter in the red. Were there one-time charges in there?
Jim Flaws: Yes, we had several charges that related to a couple of things. First of all, we have some operational hedges on as we move things around between Harrisburg and Japan and also we hedge royalty income coming in. And because the quantity of both of those were lower, we had to unwind the hedges and took losses on them. Also, we don't normally see this, but we did have some balance sheet hedge losses there, because we just had very extreme volatility even within the quarter. Both of those should go away and you should see a big improvement in other income/other expense from not having those. Royalty income obviously is going to remain lower until SCP sales begin to pick up.
C. J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Jim, recognizing the situation as still fluid, any thoughts on total glass volumes for the year compared to last year, can it be flat or can it be down minus 10% or minus 20%, and considering the dynamics of the supply chain, why will pricing not worsen; the changes in pricing to indicate it is still give and take with the panel makers.
Jim Flaws: So I will start with the overall glass market. You know, we are currently thinking that the two billion glass market that we had last year, we will probably see about the same this upcoming year, if we are right on the supply chain and right on the market. We are not planning on being down; we are not looking for much of an increase. Obviously, embedded in that assumption at the glass level are a lot of assumptions about the supply chain levels and inventory as well as what is happening at retail. Wendell, would you like to comment on pricing?
Wendell Weeks: Sure. So the corrections that we have taken in quarter one to close the gap between ourselves and our competitors we think have adjusted well to the current status in the market. What we plan to do, what we were going to try to make happen is as we look forward to quarter two and quarter three and quarter four is to return to price moves on much more like our normal level, in the very low single digit range. It remains to be seen if we can make that happen. On one side, you have the fact that there is a lot of idle capacity for the glass makers at this point of time. On the other side, what you have is that we do expect that the supply chain will stop contracting and that market shares are relatively sticky. So, we have to see how it all plays out.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: And maybe another question; do you think the company can be profitable at a $4 billion market in terms of annual revenues, why is $5 billion the right number and maybe it is just your thoughts and how quickly can you tune the cost structure aside from the ones mentioned today?
Jim Flaws: Well, the first case, the company is pretty close to a $4 billion revenue rate in Q4 just by the series of things like we were just talking about, the salary and depreciation and hedging ones, so the answer to your first question is yes it could, and clearly we are going to be taking out more costs that wasn’t existent. It was still there in Q4, so the answer is yes on that. I think more importantly is why do we think the $5 billion is correct, and it comes down to our belief about the supply chain as we try to show you in the detailed charts, and obviously, you can do your own math on what you think our share of the supply chain contraction was. But in Q4, what we were talking about is, huge amounts of volumes that didn't exist for us simply because the supply chain was reducing inventory that we had just shipped what was happening at retail and the same in Q1, we would be much closer to the $5 billion already. So that's why we think it is appropriate. Now obviously, we could be wrong. Maybe our supply chain model won't work. But that is the primary reason why we think we will get close to the $5 billion level. We don't need the giant recovery in end markets.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you and good luck gentlemen.
Operator: We go next to the line of Brian White with Collins Stewart. Please go ahead.
Brian White – Collins Stewart: Of the 3,500 in workforce reduction, what percent of that is going to be related to Display?
Jim Flaws: We are not giving out that level of detail at this stage.
Brian White – Collins Stewart: Okay. On the pricing, what is it that you said that the December quarter pricing was maybe a little worse than anticipated, we have got the high single digit decline expected in the March quarter, which is no surprise. When did pricing start to degrade a bit in the December quarter?
Jim Flaws: We only made decisions as we announced at I think the conference in the second week of December that we made started to make some price reductions then but we say it was a little worse in quarter four. I mean, we are talking about a percent difference. Really, the decision made in quarter four was for quarter one, when we talked to customers about narrowing the gap Wendell talked about. So really, it was very tiny in Q4. It was really the decisions we made at the beginning of December for Q1.
Brian White – Collins Stewart: Okay, and just on the LCD TV demand, you said in December was a little better than anticipated. What did you see in terms of LCD TV screen sizes versus expectations?
Jim Flaws: They came in pretty close to what our expectations were. We didn't revise the expectations. I mean, originally, when we go to the middle of the year, we would expect they would probably to get an inch greater than what we saw, but we didn't see this. What I think everybody feared was average sizes actually declining, that didn't take place, although the number one selling unit was the 26 inch. But we did not see a big decline in the size. We saw that hold stable as we finished out the year.
Brian White – Collins Stewart: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And next to the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning. First question, can you just talk about the set assemblers a little bit more in detail. Obviously, that has been the toughest part of the market to call. Have you got any more refined analysis there that gives you some confidence that there is not another large amount of hidden inventories there? How do you feel about that going into the quarter specifically?
Jim Flaws: We don't get reporting of inventories there. So the way we build this model, the facts we have, as we know, glass going into panel makers. You know, panel maker inventories, you know glass coming out of panel makers. We know glass going into retail, we know retail inventories and we know glass going to consumers, although we only have half market coverage there, but we think it is a pretty good approximation. So the thing that we don’t have is absolute inventories reported by set assembly. We feel that our model is pretty good. And you know, what we have seen as we have showed you on the chart is that is where we think the biggest issue has been on inventory is why we think that panel prices started filling the second quarter of last year, and it is where we have seen the least amount of correction, if you will, on inventory relative to the panel makers. Panel makers actually surprised us how far down they dropped their inventory. We think that there is about another 100 million that should come out comfortable in the set assembly level, given what is happening at retail.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: And then secondly, just looking at the pricing question a little bit more, do you guys need panel prices to rise much above cash costs in order for you to return to your previous pricing policy. What should we be looking for in panel prices in Q1 to understand how safe your own pricing is?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I think that the panel pricing, what we look for on panel pricing has more to do with the signal on when the supply chain stops contracting. And I think the situation that we see right now is, with the won where it's at, the Korean panel makers have the cost advantage, and as a result, we are seeing the Taiwanese panel makers at a spot where you have got pricing below their bill of materials on certain key product lines. When they have it in inventory to raise cash, that is an okay decision. But to make new panels, it doesn’t make a lot of sense to make and sell new panels below the builder materials cost. That of course, as you point out leads to a lot of pressure on the materials makers, but I also think more importantly gets to what their utilizations will be. So we take a look at panel prices as being a good potential indicator as to what is actually happening with that supply chain and whether or not we will able to see it stop contracting in quarter two. The tensions on price have both to do with panel makers as well as the amount of idle capacity at the glassmaker structure. As I said before, I think the biggest negative pressures are the poor profitability of our customers as well as this idle capacity and the positive pressures may allow us to be able to return to our pricing strategy as the relative stickiness of the market shares and the strong positions that we have with all of the major brand leaders. And that is how we would hope to see that play out and return back to that very low single digit price declines in quarter two, three, and four, which of course is resting upon the assumption of the glass market coming back.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Great. That is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva – Citi: Great. Thanks very much. Can you help us connect the dots of – obviously it is very easy to understand why free cash flow will be negative in Q1, but with your comment of a significant increase in glass demand in Q2, which in essence says you are calling for a bottom in Q1, why wouldn’t free cash flow for the first half of the year kind of be breakeven or positive, and yet you are saying it is negative for the first half of the year?
Jim Flaws: Now the primary reason is that we would have very heavy capital spending for the first half of the year. You know, over 1.1 billion we are talking about, 800 million of it falling in the first two quarters. A big chunk of that is this carry over that we have on Gen 10. It seems funny now, but we thought we had brilliant terms by paying our Japanese contractors six months in arrear, though they like to pay the bills slowly. That is coming due now. So that is the biggest reason. The other reason on Q1 versus Q2 is the cycling of the dividends we get from our equity companies really don’t get much in Q2. And so, we expect free cash flow to be better in Q2 than in Q1, but it still will be negative.
Jim Suva – Citi: Great. That is very helpful and as a quick follow-up on housekeeping, you mentioned tax rate will be significantly lower in 2009 and I don't believe you said the level of what it would be; would it be down to like 15% of like what it was for 2008?
Jim Flaws: I didn't give a number specifically, because I am going to walk through that in great detail at the February 6 investor meeting, but it would be a very low tax rate.
Jim Suva – Citi: Can you give us any magnitude of below 10% or above 10% or any reasonable range?
Jim Flaws: No. You will just have to wait and see.
Jim Suva – Citi: Okay, we will see you there then.
Operator: And next to the line of Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I was hoping to get a quick update on hemlock, given the fact that the market for poly-silicon has significantly deteriorated over the past three months. Are you entering or entertaining any pricing concessions for your business on their contract and the follow-up to that, what percentage of your solar and semi production is currently under longer-term contracts as of the end of the year?
Jim Flaws: So hemlock is doing very well. We are not entertaining any price concessions at all. People who are under contract are taking their contracted volume. We have had a little – some of the people who have semi-contracts have the right to take some of that as solar, which they have done. So obviously, the semi industry is a little depressed right now. But the contracts are fine, the pricing on that is fine. Remember, we set the pricing on those contracts to be well below the spot simply because we anticipated eventually there would be spot prices. We have come back to those. So, no pressure at all on the contracts. Hemlock is operating full, shipping everything that they can do. And a very high percentage of their business is under contract and that is the way it is cycled throughout the year. The last comment on hemlock I'll make is really that you saw an announcement in December that our customers have actually asked us to plan for more capacity after our third expansion is completed in 2011. And so, we are going to construct additional capacity in Michigan and Tennessee and once again, that will be done with our customers giving us customer deposits. And so, the business feels very good. Obviously, the degree we had excess capacity goes out on spot, the pricing on that is quite a bit lower than what it was last year. But the fundamentals with Hemlock are, are we going to make money at the contract prices and we will and that’s all going as per plan.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: And the second question here, what kind of a rebound in the second quarter do we need to see to make you feel comfortable that the current round of restructuring is sufficient? Do we need to approach that $5 billion annualized run rate as early in the second quarter?
Jim Flaws: No, we don’t. But if you go back to that supply chain chart that I showed you, if you look at the Q1 numbers that we’re talking about, you see that at retail level 450 million square feet of glass are going out. Admittedly, Q2 is slightly down from that normally because of seasonality. What we need to see is the glass going into the supply chain being approximately what’s going on at retail. If that’s what’s happening, then we are going to feel pretty good. We don’t need the company to be at $5 billion at that time.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: Okay. The last question; it sounds like the CapEx in the second half of the year will be approximately at $600 million annualized run rate. Is that a good figure to think about going into 2010 or is there any large capital expenditure projects be it either a follow up payment for Gen 10 or anything else that we would be expecting?
Jim Flaws: We are not planning any large capital for 2010 right now. So, you should expect to see a very low level of capital continuing into 2010 at this stage.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Harmon with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. John Harmon, your line is open. Now, possibly take yourself off mute.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Hi, good morning. Hello, can you hear me?
Jim Flaws: We can.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Okay, good. Regarding the performance of your telecom division in the quarter, I was wondering if you could kind of break it out. You talked about the soft economy, but how much of it might just be due to lower capital spending, and how much of it is directly economically sensitive? I mean you did say that fiber-to-home was up in the air.
Wendell Weeks: Embedded in your question is a little bit of an answer, which is how much of it is true economically driven and how much of it is sort of capital project denominated? I think the key thing to understand about telecom is that it tends to lag going in and lag coming out. At this time, we’ve seen really very few of the major carriers are now saying that they are going to do significantly less in fiber capital. So, right now that’s holding up well, and in many countries around the world they are choosing to have fiber builds be their infrastructure. So, that’s a positive for us. And the more negative for us is that it does tend to be lagging, a lag-in and lag-out. So, if the economy is down, ultimately carriers lacking a public prompting for infrastructure will tend to slow with the economy. And the other piece is our premises business which is a very profitable business, where that’s going more with data centers and IT spending, and we are planning on seeing that come down.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you. I think you said in response to a prior question that you could make money on $4 billion of revenue. So, with $5 billion as your target, are there any specific profitability targets attached to that, or how did you arrive at that. What goals you want to accomplish with that number?
Jim Flaws: We are not shedding out our net profit goal at this stage in time, John. We just clearly do intend to make money. $5 billion, obviously $5 billion is a lot less than where we were running just a few short quarters ago. But we clearly indent to make quite a bit of money at $5 billion.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Okay, and finally what where SCP’s gross margins in the quarter? And where your – the margins for your wholly owned business is comparable?
Jim Flaws: SCP’s gross margins were lower also. We are not given out the number. You will you see it in our 10-K when it comes out shortly. But they were lower, but not as bad as what our wholly owned business was.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Vijay Rakesh with Thinkequity. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity: Yes, hi guys. Just looking at the gross margins, you said you see a significant improvement into the second quarter. I was wondering if you can give a little bit more color. And when do you expect margins, given fab unitization and pricing into the second half, when do you see margins get back to kind of the low 40s?
Jim Flaws: We are not giving out that level of guidance at this point in time. We believe that if we are right on quarter two that the supply chain contraction ends, there will be a lot more sales available in our display business, which we will get both in display-based business as well as SCP and that falls at a very high variable margin rate, but we are not giving gross margin guidance by quarter at this stage.
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity: And, actually looking at 2009, what do you think glass pricing looks like to the year? And how glass the pricing has exited 2008, where do you think it ended up?
Jim Flaws: Glass pricing for the year, last year ended at down7% in our wholly owned business, year over year, and we’ve talked about in quarter one of being down sequential in the upper single digits. And we hope to return to a moderate price declines for the reminder of the quarters. I am not prepared to give an absolute number, clearly we hope that they return closer to the kind of declines that we had been seeing before.
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkequity: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: And we’ll go to the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Hi, thanks. I had a couple of questions. Regarding your first quarter 2009 LCD volume guidance; can you give us any sense of how you expect volumes to trend between your wholly owned business and SCP.
Jim Flaws: We expect them to be very similar in terms of sequential declines.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay, thanks. And then, Jim, I think you said you expect a significant rebound in LCD glass volumes in the second quarter. Assuming, I am doing my math right here, however it seems like to get to your flat LCD volume growth for the full year, you would have to see something like 30% , 35% sequential growth 2Q through 4Q. I mean is that the kind of sequential growth you sort of implied in your full year guidance or sort of flattish LCD volumes.
Jim Flaws: I am not going to comment on the specific numbers for the remainder of the quarters. We think that if you look at the overall glass for the market, it’s about 2 billion; and then we’ve got to plan for what’s happening in retail and we do think there will be some inventory rebuilt in the supply chain in the back half of the year. That’s how we get to it. But I am not going to give you the very specifics quarter by quarter at this stage.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay. And then just my final question, perhaps to Wendell. Any incremental color on your telecom business in terms of how the private networks side of the business faired versus public networks.
Wendell Weeks: So, private networks have had more of a slowdown for us than public. If we were to take a look at sort of the segments of it, we would say that in terms of year over year for ‘08, the sales were down primarily due to drop in private networks with private networks down around 19%. While fiber-to-the-home sales were up about 15%. So, it’s natural that we’d see the private networks business adjusts to corporate IT spending and that type of movement. As we look ahead we would, once again, see that continue, the private networks would be a little weaker for us than our public networks business. I think one of the wildcards here for our public networks business, especially for fiber-to-the-home, is to what extend does this become a strong stimulus package component around the world.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Got you. And then just one final related to that. In the fiber-to-the-prem revenues you disclosed for 4Q, did you start recognizing the revenue from the second European customer you recently announced?
Wendell Weeks: We did start recognizing revenue from a relatively new European customer, I have a hard time keeping count on which number it is – but yes we did bring out a new customer, and with very robust demand.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next from the line of Jeff Evanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Beyond the macroeconomic conditions, I am wondering how you are incorporating that ruling yesterday that Sharp maybe disallowed from selling LCD TVs in the US, and also discontinuity from customers substituting netbooks with much more screens for traditional laptops?
Jim Flaws: So, you caught us by surprise. We obviously didn’t see that ruling. So, I can’t comment on that. Sharp in the US is relatively smaller market share. Their strength is primarily in Japan at the end market. But we haven’t seen them ruling, so I can’t really comment on that.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Two other quick questions. Sorry, netbooks first.
Wendell Weeks: Netbooks in our conservations with the PC and notebook makers, it’s interesting on how much of it is cannibalization and how much of it is to category expansion. Without doubt their mix is shifting more towards netbook as a hot item. I’ve yet to get a good clear answer from these guys as to that delta of cannibalization versus category expansion, and this of course this is obvious to you Jeff. The extent of its cannibalization, it’s more of the screen sizes to the extent that it is category expansion, it’s net more demand for that glass. One other thing I will say about notebooks and the existing opportunity I think for us is now we are starting to see the first uses of Gorilla glass being applied to the notebook area. And that’s really exciting for us because now it’s taking glass out of just the liquid crystal itself and using it on the outer surfaces of the notebooks. This is potentially very existing market for us and offers a much higher revenue for notebook than we get in pure LCD. So, that’s one good news for us in notebook.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: On other potential good news, what is your current market share of multimode fiber and also what’s the timing of the availability of your new ClearCurve multimode?
Wendell Weeks: I don’t think we talk specifically about our market shares in multimode. It’s very high, because we are the leader in all things fiber. We just announced as you point out the new ClearCurve multimode. We will start to have that available to certain customers in quarter two, and we would expect to have a full rollout in the back half. And so far response has been a combination of relative shock from some people and the real excitement from our customer base. It’s all aimed at about a $600 million market at the very high-performance end for our datacom business. And now we have to see how much of that can be brought into our shop because of market share gain or potentially even market expansion. So we are excited by this, and it's a heck of a technical accomplishment. Now we've got to go to work on the market.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities. Please go ahead.
Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities: Just a couple of questions on the capacity issue. How much of your shuttered capacity has been refitted? And what’s the final intent there? Is this all going to be refitted or is there a portion of that that you are not looking to rebuild at some point? And can you give us a little more color on what you know about Asahi and NEG in terms their capacity changes and how closely aligned that is to the numbers that you have.
Jim Flaws: So we have begun reconstruction of tanks, but we haven't given out the absolute number of how much we got completed. We will be continuing to repair some of the tanks as we move through quarter one and quarter two. There are several of our tanks that we are considering whether we will ever rebuild some of the old or smaller ones. We just haven’t made that decision at this point in time. Relative to our competitors’ capacity, I can only say what I said earlier in the script that we believe in total that they have about 50% of their capacity offline at this stage. And I’d have no more specifics than that.
Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities: Also just one other question on pricing. If your scenario holds true for second quarter the price declines that you’ve had, I guess, in the last year, year-and-a-half, maybe 2%, 2.5%, would that become normal again or are we looking at slightly higher like 3%, 3.5% more normalized price declines for 2009?
Wendell Weeks: I think it’s too early to get that specific. What we’d like to do is return to that low single digit more normal price decline rate. And that’s where we are going to place our efforts, as opposed to the high single-digit move that we are seeing in quarter one. I think once if we can get that accomplished, then we feel a little bit better about proving a little bit more specific as to whether – more fine-tuning in that zone of a point one way or the other.
Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities: Thank you.
Operator: And next from the line of Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: Yes, good morning.
Jim Flaws: Good morning.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: Just looking at the CapEx in the quarter, the $766 million, I think it’s probably the highest CapEx you have had so far, at least in recent year perhaps even close to a record. Could you give us some color as to how much of that is linked to commitments that you had made earlier. I think you mentioned something about the even additional CapEx that you have got in '08 that is going to paid next year, the $525 million of the $1.1 billion. So how much of the $766 million was construction completed earlier that were just the terms of payment, and what was it spent on?
Jim Flaws: Majority of the capital was obviously commitments that we had done earlier. It was capital for Taichung, the expansions that we have been doing in spring and summer into the early fall. It was precious metals that we had contracted to buy for Gen 10. Precious metals don’t have any delayed terms on it. It's some diesel construction that we've done for 2010 capacity when new regulations come in because we'd want substantial business for that. So, it is a series of things. I'll try to remember, February 06, maybe to give you more specific color by category.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: Got it. And the $525 million that you mentioned out of next year's budget that was construction completed in '08 – is all of that – vast majority of that just the Gen 10 or where there other components to that as well?
Jim Flaws: Vast majority is Gen 10.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Scott Coleman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Scott Coleman – Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, and good morning. Forgive me if you have answered this already. I am just curious if you can tell us the amount of capacity in terms of volume that you have taken out of display in Q4 and what the expectations are for Q1? And again, my apologies if you’ve covered this earlier in the call.
Jim Flaws: On our base business we’ve got about 50% of our capacity out in Q4, and that will be similar in Q1. In SCP, we are exiting the year with about a quarter of the capacity down.
Scott Coleman – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And, Jim, just so I understand it, should I think of idle capacity, which is what I think you are referring to as being different than actually taking a tank entirely offline.
Jim Flaws: No, you should think of it as being taken offline. One point we use to leave the tanks hot, and maybe just drop sheet for a brief period of time, and therefore there was a high degree of cost left in them. But now basically we don’t need it. We are shutting it down cold.
Scott Coleman – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And, so the 50% number suggests that there is nothing incremental coming out in Q1, is that right? Is that 50% in Q4 and 50% in Q1?
Jim Flaws: Directionally, yes.
Scott Coleman – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And, so then from a gross margin perspective, is there – shouldn’t be any additional accelerated depreciation, at least the material amount in Q1 related to display, is that correct?
Jim Flaws: That’s correct, in our wholly owned business.
Scott Coleman – Morgan Stanley: In the wholly owned business. Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Wendell Weeks: Can I just come back and touch on one other item on the question that we heard earlier from Jeff on Sharp? What we have tracked down is that this has to do with the patent dispute between Sharp and Samsung, it’s a preliminary ruling at the administrative level, the Administrative Law Judge at the US ITC, and Sharp plans to appeal. So, given that sort of context we haven’t had a chance to talk to Sharp or Samsung yet. But I would imagine this would continue the sort of typical wrestling that you see around IP disputes. Jim?
Jim Flaws: Just a quick couple of IR comments. We will be holding our annual investor meeting in New York City on February 06. It is at a new location, the Times Center. At the meeting we'll be showing our latest products as well as demonstrating some innovations that we have and some that are in development. And you will see formal presentations by a lot of Corning senior management. If you are interested in attending, you can register on our Web site or contact Ken. Second, we will also be attending the Thomas Weisel Telecom and Technology Conference on February 10 in San Francisco. You can attend either. Of course, our presentations will be on webcast and slides will be on the Web site. And one last IR related announcement. Ken has finally decided to get some assistance. We are delighted to say Ann Nicholson [ph] has formally joined the IR department last quarter. Some of you have met her. We are very pleased to have her on Board and expect you all have a chance to meet or speak with her over the phone at some point in future. Ken?
Ken Sofio: Thank you Jim. Thank you Wendell, thank you all for joining us today. A play back of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 am Easter Time today and will run till 5:00 pm Eastern Time on Tuesday, February 10. To listen dial 800-475-6701. No password is required. I will also be posting all the slides that Jim went through today on our Web site immediately after the call. And operator, John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth C. Sofio - Division Vice President of Investor Relations James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer Wendell P. Weeks - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: [C.J. Muse] - Barclays Capital Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan Jim Suva - Citigroup John Harmon - Needham & Company Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners John Roberts - Buckingham Research [Jeff Evanston - Sanford and Bernstein]
Operator: Welcome to Corning, Inc. third quarter results conference call. For the conference all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. However there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to introduce to you Mr. Ken Sofio, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Kenneth C. Sofio: Welcome to Corning’s third quarter conference call. This call is also being audio cast on our website. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will join for the Q&A. Before I turn it over to Jim, you should note that today’s remarks do contain forward-looking statements out of the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company’s SEC reports.
James B. Flaws: This morning we released our results for the third quarter which can be found on our Investor Relations website. In addition, for those of you with web access we’ve posted several slides that will summarize the important data from this morning’s prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our website after our call as well. I’d like to begin with a top-level update on the display industry and our business. First, inventory turns measured in weeks improved panel maker and set assemblers in quarter three and are at healthier levels than they were before. However the Taiwanese panel makers continue to lower their utilization rates again in quarter four. We believe they and the supply chain in general are preparing for a potentially weaker retail season this fall, a seasonally lower first quarter and potentially slower consumer demand for LCD televisions and monitors in 2009. Evidence of this can be found in our recent announcements from panel makers and television makers such as Sony as well as recent retail data. US retail data for September showed LCD television unit sales were up 23% year-over-year but over the course of the month this growth rate slowed and we have seen further step-down in the first two weeks of October. We now expect panel makers in Taiwan to run at lower than 70% utilization in the fourth quarter. As a result volume in our wholly owned business will be lower. We now expect our volumes to be 20% to 30% lower sequentially in quarter four. We are quickly moving to reduce our capacity this quarter in our wholly owned business by shutting down glass tanks to meet these lower market expectations. This reduction in our capacity will significantly lower our gross margins in quarter four but will allow us to better match our glass supply with demand going forward. While the Korean panel makers continue to run at higher utilization rates than the Taiwanese, given Sony’s recent announcement of the apparent slowdown in retail demand we believe it is inevitable that softness will eventually show up at SCP. As a result we’re lowering our quarter four-volume expectations there as well. Given the slowdown in retail and cuts in panel utilization rates we have lowered our estimated growth rate for the entire glass market this year. For 2008 we now expect glass market volume to grow between 21% and 23% versus our original expectation of 25% to 30% growth. We feel that it’s likely that the consumer slowdown will continue into 2009 but it’s obviously very difficult to forecast next year at this point. However we think it’s prudent for us to plan on a lower growth rate in 2009 and plan our capacity accordingly. As a result we’re now using a market growth range of 5% to 15% for next year versus our most recent estimate of 15% to 25% growth. I want to caution you it’s very possible we’ll revise this range after we see the Q4 retail results and see the economic outlook for 2009. Now let me turn to the details starting with our income statement. Our third quarter sales were $1.56 billion, 2% under the low end of our guidance range. Lower volume in our display and environmental segments led to the sales miss. Compared to a year ago sales were flat. EPS excluding special items was $0.46 and actually slightly higher than our revised expectations. This represents a 21% increase over the third quarter EPS ex specials of $0.38 a year ago. Net income excluding special items was $732 million, an increase of 18% over last year’s third quarter net income excluding special items of $619 million. You should note that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures and the reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in the third quarter was 47% as expected. The decline from quarter two gross margin, which was 50%, was primarily due to the impact of lower volumes in our display business. SG&A was $220 million or 14% of sales as expected. RD&E in the third quarter was $160 million, about 10% of sales. Equity earnings were $382 million in the third quarter compared to $360 million in the second quarter, a sequential increase of 6%. The increase was due to stronger earnings at both SCP and Dow Corning. Third quarter equity earnings include an $18 million special charge at Dow Corning and last year’s equity earnings included a restructuring charge of $18 million at Samsung Corning CRT. Compared to the third quarter of last year, total equity earnings increased 60%. Our tax rate in the third quarter was 14% and wrapping up our income statement our share count declined to 1.58 billion shares. Our third quarter results included net special gains of $36 million or $0.03 per share. We recognized a $43 million gain from the settlement of a longstanding tax dispute and also released an additional $70 million of US deferred tax asset valuation allowances. We’ll receive cash from the tax settlement in either quarter four or quarter one. These items were offset by a charge of $6 million related to the pending Pittsburgh Corning bankruptcy proceeding, a $14 million loss on the sale of a minor business, and a $39 million loss on cash and short-term investments. Lastly, we also had an $18 million reduction of equity earnings from Dow Corning related to losses on their cash and short-term investments. Including the special items our third quarter EPS was $0.49 per share. Now let me turn to the display segment. Third quarter sales were $696 million or 14% lower than quarter two. Volume at our wholly owned business was down 10% sequentially. Price declines were in line with previous quarters as we maintained our pricing strategy. Display segment sales were also negatively impacted by the yen moving from 105 in Q2 to an average of 108 in Q3. Equity from SCP’s LCD glass business was $259 million in the third quarter, an increase of 6% versus $244 million in Q2. The increase was driven by strong volume gains of 12% offset by price declines and the impact of the yen. Price declines were consistent in SCP with previous quarters. For your modeling purposes, SCP’s third quarter sales were $896 million compared to $842 million in the second quarter, an increase of 6%. Net income in the display segment which includes the equity earnings were $635 million in the third quarter and lower than the second quarter. In comparison to the third quarter of last year sales in our display segment were fairly consistent. Volume declined 2% and price declines were 8% year-over-year. Sales actually benefited from the strengthened yen year-over-year. Equity earnings from SCP’s LCD glass business were up 62% over Q3 of 2007 led by volume gains of 38%. Segment net income grew 16% versus last year. Now I’d like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain and retail environment. We believe panel inventories at the Taiwanese panel makers fell by one week in august and another week in September. Panel inventories are now at an average of four weeks which is considered to be a healthy level. Regarding utilization rates, the Taiwanese entered Q3 running in the mid-80% range but dropped utilization rates through the month of august to the low to mid-70% range. The average for the quarter was around 75%. However we believe the Taiwanese could lower utilization rates again. In Korea the panel makers maintained very high utilization rates throughout quarter three in the low 90s. At the set assembly level our data is not as robust but we believe inventory levels fell to healthier levels at the end of the third quarter. On the retail side, we now have LCD TV unit sales for the US, China and Japan through September. Europe will be available in another two weeks. As a reminder, we use industry sources such as MPD, GFK, BCN and CMM. Let’s start with the US September LCD TV unit sales which were up 23% year-over-year. This is lower than the expectations we had set for September at the beginning of the year but not a surprise given the heightened economic worries and the significant decline in the stock market that took place during the month. While the LCD TV unit sales in the first week were very strong, they were much weaker in the last week of September. According to MPD, US LCD TV unit sales were up 27% year-over-year in the first week of September but up only 12% in the last week. This intuitively makes sense given the credit crisis turmoil began mid-month. We believe this trend continued to decline in the first two weeks of October although that data is now only preliminary. The question for us now: Is the slowdown in consumer purchases of LCD televisions a temporary reaction to all the bad news, both headlines and real impact to consumers, or will it be longer lasting and affect the slope of LCD trends for 2009? Clearly we’ll be looking at the second half of October retail data along with Black Friday results in late November to see if the trend continues. In Japan LCD TV retail sales in September were up only 15% year-over-year. This was also lower than we expected and lower than the previous month this year. We do not have weekly data for Japan to see if there was a similar trend as in the United States. In China LCD TV retail sales in September were up 103% year-over-year. This was higher than we expected and higher than the previous month. October is usually a seasonally high month in China for television sales due to a week of national day holidays. This year the holidays ran from September 29 to October 5 so the end of September likely gave Chinese sales a boost with two days of the holiday week falling in September. I’ll have some more detail on the current supply chain and retail results in my comments for the quarter four outlook. Moving to the environmental segment, sales in the third quarter were $177 million, a 15% decrease versus the second quarter sales of $209 million. Auto product sales were $112 million and much lower than we had expected. As we mentioned at a conference earlier this month, our sales were impacted by slower auto production in the United States. At the end of the quarter we began seeing much weaker demand in Europe and the rest of the world. Diesel product sales were $65 million in the third quarter versus $77 million in Q2. The decline was due mainly to completion of heavy-duty retrofits for the Olympics in China. The US truck industry also remained very weak. Segment net income was $15 million in the third quarter, a decline versus second quarter net income of $28 million. In comparison to a year ago the environmental segment sales decreased 11% driven primarily by lower auto product demand and net income was consistent with the year ago. Moving to the telecommunications segment, sales in the third quarter were $496 million, an increase of 4% over Q2. The increase was driven by a higher private network demand.  Sales in our fiber and cable products in the third quarter were $258 million, an increase of 4% sequentially. Sales of hardware and equipment products were $238 million in Q3 and also up 4% versus Q2. Fiber to the home sales which are primarily hardware and equipment related were $96 million in the third quarter and consistent with the second quarter. Compared to a year ago fiber to the home sales increased 16%. Net income in the telecom segment was $25 million in the third quarter compared to $23 million in the second quarter. Compared to last year Q3 sales increased 5% but net income was lower due to higher operating costs. Sales in our specialty materials segment were $101 million in Q3 and down slightly versus Q2. Compared to a year ago sales were up 6%. The segment posted a $1 million loss in Q3 versus $4 million of income in Q2. In the life sciences segment sales in the third quarter were $83 million down slightly from Q2. Compared to a year ago sales were up 6%. Segment net income was $11 million slightly lower than Q2. Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $109 million including the loss of investments of $18 million. That’s an increase of 16% over Q2 equity earnings of $94 million. The higher earnings were driven primarily by Hemlock’s new capacity although silicones were up sequentially also. Hemlock’s new capacity is running well. We did begin to see weakness in demand for silicones late in the third quarter and we expect this softness to continue into the fourth quarter. For your modeling purposes, Dow Corning sales were $1.49 billion in Q3 compared to $1.38 billion in Q2. On the balance sheet, with cash we ended the third quarter with about $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments, down from $3.5 billion in the prior quarter. The most significant cash outflows were $500 million in share repurchases and $311 million in capital expenditures. As a reminder, in July our Board approved a $1 billion stock repurchase program which was an addition to the $125 million remaining from the previous program. We will continue to monitor the overall financial markets along with our own outlook to help us determine the pace and timing of future stock repurchases under this program. However, at this time we are not buying back stock as we want to preserve cash until we know the extent of the current financial downturn. Free cash flow in the third quarter was $472 million. For the first three quarters free cash flow was $595 million. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. I’ll turn to the outlook and give you some guidance for the fourth quarter. We are having difficulty forecasting sales for the company with the current economic environment. Display customers are shifting their utilization rates with little advance notice as they react to changes in their demand. Worldwide auto production has dropped significantly over the past month, a pace of decline we’ve not seen in many years. There’s also tremendous volatility in exchange rates. This uncertainty makes it more difficult for us to forecast demand for our products or to predict the impact of the exchange rates. As a result our guidance ranges are wider than usual. Let me start with some thoughts on our business outlook. In display we’re currently forecasting fourth quarter glass volume at our wholly owned business and SCP combined to be down 10% to 20%. Glass volume at our wholly owned business is expected to be down 20% to 30% sequentially. For SCP we are currently forecasting quarter four volume to be down 5% to 15% sequentially. Our quarter four-glass volume expectations are much lower than we expected even just two weeks ago. For our wholly owned business we previously expected the Taiwanese panel makers would continue to run their fabs in the low to mid-70% range in the fourth quarter. The last two weeks we’ve seen a sudden reduction in panel maker utilization rates as they adjust to changes in their demand. We now expect the Taiwanese panel makers to run under 70% utilization in the fourth quarter. Regarding SCP, while the Korean panel makers have continued to run at a higher utilization rates than the Taiwanese, given Sony’s recent announcement on the slowdown in retail we believe it’s inevitable that some softness will eventually show up at SCP. As a result we’re exercising some judgment and lowering our quarter volume expectations there as well. We believe these panel utilization reductions in Taiwan and inevitably in Korea are a reflection of the supply chain preparing for weaker holiday sales and potentially lower demand in 2009. As the LCD television becomes the largest driver for glass and panel production, the supply chain is influenced to a much greater degree by the seasonal ebb and flow of TV demand. We believe the supply chain is concerned about the typical seasonal drop-off in retail demand in quarter one. In addition we believe the supply chain is reacting to continued negative economic news which has spread beyond the United States into Europe and Asia. As a result we’re revising both our late and ’09 market growth estimates for LCD glass. Let me cover 2008 first. We believe the market growth will now be closer to 21% to 23% and this is lower than our original 25% to 30% volume growth estimate from earlier this year. Square footage terms, we now believe the total glass market will be between 2.11 billion and 2.15 billion square feet this year, an increase of about 360 million to 400 million square feet over last year but 100 million to 150 million square feet lower than we previously expected. We believe there are three factors influencing the supply chain and the overall glass market. First, the sales of 40” and larger televisions at both panel and retail were on track with our expectations through the late summer. It is now apparent that are expected increase in sales of these larger televisions is not going to happen at the rate we previously assumed. As a result we now forecast up to 3 million fewer 40” and larger televisions will be sold at approximately 17 square feet per TV. This would suggest 50 million less square feet of glass. Secondly, we’ve seen a further deterioration in monitor sales over the past month. Monitor sales have shown signs of weakening all year which was reflected in our forecast but we have seen further weakness recently. As a result we’re lowering our monitor unit expectations by about 8 million units which equates to about 30 million less square feet of glass. Finally, the LCD supply chain may be anticipating fewer LCD TVs sold in both ’08 heading into ’09. Set makers and retailers are shooting for lower inventory targets at year-end also because they have lower expectations for sell-through in quarter one. We expect our total glass volume for both wholly owned business and SCP to be up 20% to 22% this year in line with market growth. However there is a real disparity in growth rates between Taiwan and Korea. This disparity by geographic region has become much more pronounced in the second half. We believe this shift is a combination of a few related factors. First, the Taiwanese panel makers don’t have direct market access to strong television brands. It is their panel orders that suffer during supply chain corrections. Companies like Samsung which currently have a leading share of the LCD television market will cut purchases of Taiwanese panels disproportionately over their own panel production. We believe LG and Sharp do the same. As a result, in times of lighter demand the Taiwanese panel makers suffer unequally. Second, Korea television brands allow for better visibility into the retail market. As a result they generally keep fewer weeks of panel inventory so even heading into the supply chain correction Korean panel makers had lower amounts of inventory to allow them to maintain very high utilization rates throughout the third quarter. As I mentioned a moment ago, we’re anticipating utilization adjustments there as well. Nonetheless with almost 10 months of demand behind us the geographic drain to glass demand is evidence in our expectations for volume growth this year at our wholly owned business versus SCP. While we expect our combined volume growth to be 20% to 22%, volume growth at our wholly-owned business for the year will only be around 6% to 7% and SCP volume growth will be much higher, around 33% to 35%. Looking ahead to 2009 we believe the glass market growth could be lower as a result of weakening economies around the world. At our February investor meeting, our early estimate for ’09 was between 20% and 25%. Earlier this October we lowered the bottom and expanded the range to be 15% to 25%. Given the continued economic uncertainty and the very recent slowdown in LCD TV unit demand in the second half of September, we believe it’s prudent to adjust this range at this time and more importantly to adjust our capacity and cost structure to reflect the new range. Our revised estimate for 2009 volume growth is 5% to 15%. On a [inaudible] we’ll be updating this range as the fourth quarter retail results become known and as we understand general economic trends heading into the first quarter. This would be a good time to discuss the capacity decisions we recently made. We have decided to shut down several tanks until they are needed again. In addition we’ve delayed construction on the fourth phase of our [Tai Chung] facility. Please note we are not delaying construction on our new [Jin Ten] facility for [Shock]. We made these decisions to proactively adjust our glass capacity in an effort to match demand. These steps will reduce unnecessary costs and help us to improve display gross margin in future quarters. Our investors should note in the fourth quarter there will be one-time costs primarily accelerated depreciation from these decisions. We’ll not realize the benefit of these actions until subsequent quarters. As a result our display gross margin for quarter four will be about 20% to 30% points lower than previous quarters. The impact of our capacity reduction decisions this quarter, just mainly from accelerated depreciation, was about 5% points. The balance relates to lower utilization on the remaining capacity. Of course when market conditions improve we’ll have the flexibility to reinstate capacity as needed. If SCP’s sequential volume declines are at the top end of our range, their margins will likely be lower as well. Regarding our glass pricing, we’re sticking to the strategy we implemented in early 2007. As a reminder, the fundamental principle of our pricing strategy is to maintain consistent rates and price declines over the long time versus gaining marginal share reprice in the short term. As a result we plan on lowering pricing in Q4 at the same pace we’ve been on over the past eight quarters. SCP price declines will be consistent with previous quarters also. Regarding exchange rates, our fourth quarter guidance assumes a yen to US dollar exchange rate of $1.01 compared to Q3’s average yen to dollar exchange rate of $1.08. If the yen were to average $1.01 for Q4, display sales and earnings would benefit by approximately $35 million. Moving to our telecom segment, we anticipate fourth quarter sales to be down about 20% sequentially versus our record third quarter sales. The lower telecom sales reflect normal seasonality plus the impact of stronger US dollar to Euro exchange rate. In addition we’ve experienced a slower order rate over the last few days which could be economy driven. Regarding our fiber to the premise program, we’re not able to name the customer but we are very pleased to announce we have a second major fiber to the home customer in Europe. Given our Q4 telecom guidance we expect telecom sales for the year to be up just 4% versus last year. Higher fiber to the premise sales were mostly offset by lower than expected private network sales in North America and softer equipment sales in Europe. We are also in the process of reviewing our cost in capacity requirements within the telecom segment. We anticipate environmental segment sales in Q4 to be down about 20% sequentially. While we typically experience a seasonal decline in Q4 for auto gasoline products, we are also being impacted by a slowdown in auto production in the US, Europe and Asia. In addition the US trucking industry remains sluggish. Looking forward to 2009 we anticipate worldwide auto volume could be down 5% to 8% and we are adjusting our capacity to prepare for these levels. In diesel we anticipate the heavy year-to-year trucking industry could remain very weak next year. Our life sciences segment Q4 sales are expected to be down about 15% sequentially reflecting normal seasonality. Our telecom, environmental and life science segments’ sales guidance assumes a US dollar to Euro exchange rate of $1.27. The impact of a stronger dollar reduces fourth quarter sales in these segments by about $35 million sequentially. Quarter four sales in our specialty materials segment are expected to be consistent with Q3. The [inaudible] results in quarter four sales are expected to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. Our fourth quarter EPS before special items is expected to be between $0.20 and $0.28 per share. The impact of our capacity reductions is $0.02 a share. As a reminder, EPS before special items is a non-GAAP measure. Moving down the income statement we believe gross margins will be between 31% and 36%. As I mentioned earlier, gross margin will be impacted by lower volumes in display as well as the impact of the accelerated depreciation costs from our capacity reduction decisions. This will impact corporate gross margin by about 2.5% points. In addition we expect to see lower gross margin in telecom due to lower than expected demand. SG&A is expected to be about 18% of sales and RD&E is expected to be around 14% of sales in the fourth quarter. The percentages are higher than usual but they are more of a reflection of lower sales than a significant increase in expenses. Interest income is expected to be $10 million lower in Q4 as we’ve sacrificed higher interest rates for safer investments. Royalty income which is included in other income should also be $10 million less in Q4 if SCP’s volume is at the low end of our guidance range. We anticipate equity earnings in the third quarter to be 5% to 15% lower sequentially. Dow Corning equity earnings are expected to be between $100 million and $107 million. Dow Corning is seeing the impact of a slowing economy on their base silicone business. Demand for polysilicon and hemlock is expected to remain strong. Regarding our tax rate for the fourth quarter, it’s expected to be around 15%. Lastly, investors should use 1.56 million shares in Q4 for their models. In summary, our fourth quarter guidance and ’09 expectations reflect an accelerating economic decline. In response we’ve initiated actions to reduce capital spending, scale back manufacturing operations, curb the rate of growth in R&D, and reduce our overhead to manage costs. If the business continues to deteriorate further, we will consider additional capacity and operational adjustments. Specifically to capital spending, we’re evaluating further reductions to our previously disclosed guidance for ’09 of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion. Before I open up the call for questions, I’d like to make some remarks about our company, how we and senior management and the Board think about the company’s position. It is clear that our end markets and our customers are being affected by worsening economic conditions around the world. The onset of these impacts have varied for us. The US auto industry and heavy-duty diesel markets have been weak all year. The European and Asia auto markets started weakening during the summer. The LCD monitor retail market has been weak all year but the television market remained strong until the last few weeks. The LCD supply chain has been correcting since midsummer and may continue to need to do so into early Q1. The Dow Corning silicone business began to weaken in August. We are clearly not immune to the impact of a global recession nor are we immune to the volatility seen in the stock market. At times like this, and we’ve been here before, we know it’s hard to differentiate our company from the thousands of others that are being battered by the stock market on a daily basis. Let me leave you with a few thoughts about how we think about ourselves. We have a strong balance sheet; one that we believe can withstand a prolonged downturn in the economy. We currently have $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments; we’ve been very prudent in keeping significant amounts of cash over the past few years despite the wishes of some investors. At times like this, cash is obviously king. Unlike some companies we don’t need to participate in the commercial paper market. As a reminder, we also continue to expect to have full access to our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility which does not expire until 2011. Second. While it’s always been important to have a lot of cash, finding a safe place to put it has not been as easy as it once was. I can tell you the majority of our current cash and short-term investments are maintained in safe government-backed securities and bank deposits. Third. Regarding our debt level we have $1.5 billion in debt. This means we have $1.7 billion more cash than debt. So if all the debt was due today, we’d be able to pay it off. Again, there are companies that cannot make the same claim. For us there are no material amounts of debt due for the next two years. In fact, over the next four years the total debt due is less than $250 million. So again we feel very good about our strong cash position in these difficult times. Fourth. Even though our stock has fallen over the past few months, the strength of our competitive position has not changed during that time. In almost all markets we participate in, whether it’s display glass, optical fiber, ceramic substrates, we continue to be the market leader in terms of having the best products, best technology and lowest cost. Just because our stock price is lower, we haven’t stopped innovating, stopped our cost reduction programs or stopped providing our customers with the best products in the world. We continue to be a world-class supplier in the markets we participate in. There is also no change in the long-term macro trends in the industries we participate in. We may be in a slower demand cycle due to the economy but the fundamental growth engines that drive our business over the long term have not changed. Consumers may purchase less LCD TVs in the near term but that does not mean consumers will go back to purchasing CRTs. Of the 1.9 billion televisions in households worldwide at the end of ’07 only 8% were LCDs and we believe at some point almost all will become LCDs. The CRT market is collapsing and LCD is the product of choice. There are no comparable competing technologies on the horizon. The long-term macro trend of consumers around the world replacing their old CRTs with LCDs or putting LCDs in rooms in their homes where no televisions are today has not changed. We continue to like the display business and we think it’s another 20-year+ business for us. The same can be said for our fiber and diesel businesses. The increase in bandwidth driven by video content is only increasing over time. Consumers and businesses continue to ask for faster connection speeds and bigger bandwidth. The industry continues to move from copper to fiber. It’s a trend that will continue for a long time. In diesel there are regulations in place in the United States, Europe and Japan which will fuel the future growth of this business. There are regulations in place requiring tighter emission requirements on heavy and light duty vehicles in these countries in ’09, 2010, 2013 and 2014. These tighter regulations will mean more advanced emission control systems which represent opportunity for us. There are regulations coming in the next decade on marine and locomotive engines. We’ve been the market leader in gasoline emissions industry for the past 30 years in terms of product innovation technology and we plan on being the leader in the new diesel market for the next 30 years. Lastly, we’re continuing to invest in the future. This is more than just a tagline. This is the lifeblood of our company and the investments we make today will help this company and shareholders in the next decade. We will continue to invest in research and development in good times and bad. If you don’t believe us, just look back at what we did during the telecom and Internet bubble of 2001. We could have easily gotten back to profitability if we’d stopped spending on R&D. We didn’t. We kept innovating and that decision has helped spawn a new round of innovations that we sell today. So for those investors who’ve been scared and gotten out of coin stock or the market in general, we understand. Times are tough. Markets are making even the most seasoned investors nervous. Just know that we’re not going anywhere and when you’re ready to invest again we’ll be here.
Kenneth C. Sofio: We’re ready to take some questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from [C.J. Muse] - Barclays Capital.
[C.J. Muse] - Barclays Capital: On display gross margins, it looks like your COGS is going up by about $85 million which is a little bit higher than the 5 points you talked about for accelerated depreciation. Can you help me understand why that would go up so materially? Secondly, how should we think about gross margins for display going forward into 2009?
James B. Flaws: We called out the one-time impact of accelerated depreciation. What this really is relates to our tanks where we take them down and we had remaining life and we’ve got to accelerate that depreciation because once we take them cold the value of that is worthless and we have to rebuild it. That’s about 5 points. Where we’re losing ground beyond that is that we are unwinding a series of [FX] hedges and we actually were growing our fixed costs because we’ve been programmed to have more capacity than what we had in the past quarter. Then obviously we have price declines of the 2% during this current quarter and clearly in a quarter where we’re making very strong changes to how we run, we’re not really getting any of our normal cost reductions. We regard that there is probably an impact of over 12 points of dislocation here. We are thinking very hard about what capacity we keep. We obviously don’t have a demand level for Q1 or Q2 next year at this point in time. We clearly have more capacity than what we’re cutting down to right now because we think we’ll grow back into it. But gross margins are obviously being penalized very heavily this quarter. We believe they will come back up next year as we finalize what level of capacity we keep for which quarter. I’m not prepared at this time to give you an absolute number for next year but clearly it’s going to be higher than this very low range we’re putting out to you today.
[C.J. Muse] - Barclays Capital: In terms of that 12 points of dislocation you talked about, if I were to assume volumes were flat in Q1 versus Q4, does that mean that we should see a 12-point rise in your gross margin?
James B. Flaws: I’m not going to offer you any more guidance than what I have right now.
[C.J. Muse] - Barclays Capital: Regarding your glass volume guide for ’09, can you be specific to what you expect for your core business alone?
James B. Flaws: No, I can’t. We don’t yet know how if this turns out to be this level what the split will be between Korea and our base business. I think our belief right now is it’s more likely that Korea will be stronger but it’s very hard for us to judge the absolute split of that at this stage.
[C.J. Muse] - Barclays Capital: In terms of your pricing strategy, can you comment on what you’re seeing in terms of market share trends given the weakening environment? Have you been seizing some share because of holding the line on price?
James B. Flaws: We don’t think there’s been any significant move on share at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: Maybe I could just follow up a little bit on the last question. On the comment about shutting down some tanks, how should we look at these? Are these permanent shutdowns? Are they temporary? I’m trying to understand what you’re doing there. And are these spread out across different regions or focused in one area? Also, the cap ex guidance you still have for this year would suggest a meaningful sequential uptick in cap ex which seems to be inconsistent with the comments you’re making about lowering capacity. Can you explain that a little bit?
James B. Flaws: Let me do the cap ex first. The biggest amount of cap ex in Q4 is really around [Jin Ten]. It’s both a combination as we drive to completion there as well as in Japan and we do capital projects, there’s actually a lag when the cash flows out the door. So you’re seeing some of that really kicking up both in the pace of construction that really started in the summer very strongly as well as the cash lag. It’s really driven mostly by [Jin Ten]. We clearly are stopping construction on [Tai Chung] Phase 4 construction so most of the uptick is coming from [Jin Ten]. In terms of the tanks we’re taking down, by and large the tanks we’re taking down are being temporary. I say temporary meaning that we are taking them cold but we’re not taking them out permanently. There may be some tanks that we choose to rebuild with some of our new technology but fundamentally we’re still assuming that we’ll be running these tanks because we think the LCD business will resume growth and we’ll grow into it. That’s one of the things we’ve always assumed about this business. If we got it wrong for a period of time and had a little too much capacity, we’d have to adjust the running rates but eventually we’d need them again. So by and large, the majority of the tanks we’re taking down would be temporary using your language; however we’ll keep them cold as long as we need to keep them cold.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: In the meantime your depreciation hit is only going to be one quarter for those tanks and then if and when those turn up again, there should be a positive impact on gross margin. Is that a fair way of looking at it?
James B. Flaws: Yes. When they come back up there’s a positive on gross margin. You have to understand on the depreciation. What we’re taking out of depreciation and accelerating is the delivery system at a tank refractory. The building and the rest of the equipment is still sitting there; it’s just idle. So that depreciation continues on. Once we restart these you’ll see a big uptick. Obviously our volume is down 10% versus where it was in Q2 and now we’re talking about it being down another 20% to 30%. We have a huge volume downtick versus where we were and there’s a lot of overhead in the factories that was being absorbed by that. So if we get volume coming back, you’ll see a nice move up in gross margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: Just on the pricing environment, for the December quarter you’re expecting a 2% sequential decline in pricing. Is that correct?
James B. Flaws: That’s correct.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: I’m just curious. You’ve got panel makers losing money. You’ve talked about this meaningful deterioration in demand just recently. How will you be able to keep your pricing disciplined?
Wendell P. Weeks: The first thing I’d point to is what happened in quarter three meaning that basic same question was leveled at us in quarter three. We once again said it was a good question but what we plan to do is to continue with our pricing strategy. As you saw from the announcement today in Jim’s comments, we did just that with our price coming down exactly as we said it would. So we’re planning on doing that again in quarter four. There’s always risk with a pricing strategy like this.  Let’s do the positives and negatives on the balance. The positives for our ability to continue to execute our pricing strategy you see the actions that we’re taking to match our capacity with our view of the end market demand. In many ways that sets at the core of our pricing strategy that we build and maintain our capacity to our view of the end market demand. That move should help do that and our willingness to take the cost actions that are impacting our gross margin at this moment to put ourselves in a position to deal with the lower demand environment. On the negative side, we have as you point out our customers paying as high as well and our perceived premium we think versus our competition is growing so that’s some downside risk. As we balance that upside and downside risk together with our strong positive reputation on reliable supply and the quality of our product and our positions with the customers that really matter, it makes us believe at this time that we can maintain our pricing strategy.
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: On polysilicon, what type of pricing trends are you seeing in polysilicon?
Wendell P. Weeks: It is still really too small of business to reach any statistically significant trend statement.
James B. Flaws: Do you mean hemlock polysilicon?
Brian White - Collins Stewart LLC: Yes.
Wendell P. Weeks: Oh. I thought you meant polysilicon on LCD. I apologize. Jim.
James B. Flaws: Most of the business is really under contract so for us we’re just seeing the fixed pricing in the contracts that we put in place. Almost all the new capacity that ramped up this year is under contract. So we can’t tell much around significant changes in pricing. We are aware that there may be some weakness in the semiconductor market but that hasn’t really shown up for us yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Jim, considering the deteriorating environment, can glass volumes potentially be down next year or is that unrealistic? And how low can panel utilization rates get near term? If you can just help us extrapolate what we should see for volumes as we start 2009.
James B. Flaws: I have to answer your first question by saying it’s possible but I don’t think probable that absolute volumes will go down for glass. Utilization rates, I think a lot will depend on the decision by some panel makers about how fast they ramp the new capacity. Via our judgment if market demand is weak, why would you ramp a new Gen 8.5 or Gen 8 when there’s overall demand weak. But I think that’s where it’s very important that as you think about calculating percents utilization, we’ve seen this mistake made in the past that a lot depends on how people put in place a new fab or they count that when they say they’re running at 70% or whether they don’t. We believe that some of the new capacity will not start up when it was originally supposed to nor will it ramp at the pace.  But obviously the industry overall right now is operating at a much lower utilization rate. I can’t tell you exactly where it would be. Obviously we have seen in the past for short periods of time the industry go down to 50 but it’s hard to imagine that number for a sustained period of time.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: What about right sizing the business? I understand R&D will stay near 10% but are there other things that we can do to show earnings growth next year in terms of cost savings?
James B. Flaws: We haven’t given out a number for R&D next year at this stage so I think the question for us is: What’s the overall level of R&D for the company, whether it shows any growth in dollars at all? Originally we were planning for a significant growth and we probably won’t let that happen. We’ve frozen hiring across the entire company for salaried people and less critical jobs and basically we did that during the summer. That will help keep our fixed costs down to a low level. But we’re committed to trying to get a cost structure in place for what we see for our overall sales. But I won’t comment on earnings growth for next year at this stage.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: And lastly, tax rate? Any change there for next year.
James B. Flaws: As of right now we still think we’ll be going back to accruing US taxes so if that changes we’ll update you but we still think it’s going to be the same as we disclosed previously.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Going back to the market share question, how comfortable are you that your two major competitors are taking similar steps to control capacity and right size their business at this point? Do you have any insight into that?
James B. Flaws: I really can’t comment on our competitors. You need to talk to them directly. We have seen several analyst reports that said that people were adjusting their capacity but I can’t comment on whether those are accurate or not. We think you should call them directly.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Getting back to the cost question, historically 10% has been a pretty good R&D bogey. For those of us trying to model next year, what can you say about how quickly you would react to what could be a tough first half in order to get the SG&A and R&D ratios into a reasonable range?
James B. Flaws: We don’t think about it as a percent so I think the real question is: Do we just hold R&D spending where it is in terms of dollars heading into next year basically keeping the same amount of people? We’re evaluating whether there are any programs that maybe should be stopped at this stage. We haven’t made any decisions. On SG&A I think we basically have frozen the dollars with the exception of what would be inflation for next year and we’re making decisions but haven’t made any yet about whether there should be any reductions. We don’t think about them as a percentage of sales on a short-term basis. Obviously on a longer-term basis we do.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Relating to the equity income, if you look at your outlook for Q4 equity income, it doesn’t seem to imply much of a margin degradation in the SCP business but yet it sounds like you’re worried about that. Is that something we should think of happening maybe on a quarter lag you would see a substantial decrease in SCP margins say in Q1 similar to what we’re seeing this quarter in the wholly owned business?
James B. Flaws: I think it’s very hard for us to judge because we may end up with this imbalance continuing and we clearly have outlined less weakness in Korea than what we’re seeing elsewhere. Therefore they shouldn’t have to have the same impact on their capacity reductions. But we don’t yet have a new operating plan tank-by-tank for Korea. When we do we’ll give you an update on what the impact might be for quarter one. But clearly we are not going to let SCP end up having a lot more capacity in whatever their market is going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: I wanted to talk a little bit about the capacity coming off line. I was hoping you guys could quantify how much capacity you’re planning to take off line and how long it’s going to take to actually take the tanks off line, be it the middle of this quarter, end of the quarter, first quarter, etc.?
James B. Flaws: Clearly we talked about that our volume was down 10% versus Q2. We put a lot of that inventory in Q3. We’re talking about potentially the sales rate being down 20% or 30% so in total if we’re going to stay at this rate, we clearly could take that percent. Tanks are starting to come down as we speak. They’re all individual timings. But we expect to have a lot of this happen over the remainder of this quarter.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: When you look at cap ex at 2009, can we walk through where that cap ex is going in regard to how much is going to display versus other business segments and talk about how low that can come down depending on your current outlook for 2009?
James B. Flaws: I’m not prepared to give you the details but display remains the biggest part of it. It will be the finish of the [Jin Ten]. We’re not going to change that. I think the remainder of the display capital will be very dependent on what we see as the pace of repairs and then cost reduction capital for display. It’s just too premature. We do have to spend some money on diesel despite the relatively low market vibrancy right now. We believe that we need capacity for 2010 so there will be some diesel capital spending. And we’re evaluating the capital spending in the rest of the company and just haven’t made any decisions yet. I can tell you it’s definitely going to one direction, and that’s down.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: My understanding for the Jin Ten facility was that we’re only going to see another $100 million to $200 million in 2009 versus 2008. Is that still a good figure to think about?
James B. Flaws: I don’t think we’ve ever given out the details of Jin Ten at that level.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Could you maybe comment about what maintenance cap ex would be for display on an ongoing basis, be it 2009 and beyond?
James B. Flaws: No. I prefer not to do that today.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you comment about foreign exchange in SCP, how the Korean won versus Japanese yen is impacting margins in the fourth quarter and what your assumptions are for the Korean won in the fourth quarter?
James B. Flaws: We’re not looking for much change on the Korean won. We’re obviously not the world’s best predictors of foreign exchange. Clearly the won I think is giving some differential advantage to the Koreans at this stage in terms of the panel makers but beyond that we sell in yen in Korea and then obviously translate the results back to the United States into dollars.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: On days payable outstanding, it looks like they’ve almost doubled year-over-year. Can you walk through why that has increased and if that is sustainable going forward?
James B. Flaws: I’d have to double-check that. It may be something to do with the pace at which the businesses are bringing down their spending because we often see that effect but we basically are not doing anything significant in terms of stretching out our payables.
Operator: Our next question comes from Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Is the majority of the capacity that you’re taking out related mainly to Taiwan?
James B. Flaws: It’s Taiwan and Japan.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Looking at the fourth quarter given the volume guidance down 20% to 30% in the wholly and 5% to 15% in SCP, what do you think the aggregate end market is going to look like in the fourth quarter and how much of an inventory reduction process is impacting that number?
James B. Flaws: The aggregate market we would say is down somewhere between 10% to 20%. It shouldn’t be materially different from what we are. We don’t really think there’s a big share shift going on within the quarter. I think that in our numbers we’ve thought about maybe there’s 30 million square feet being impacted here on contraction but it’s really hard for us to judge exactly how much is coming out of this.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: In terms of that growth rate for the industry, on a year-over-year basis it seems like that would compute to somewhere between maybe 10% to 15% decline year-on-year in area growth. Given the fact that LCD TVs are almost 60% of demand in the quarter or maybe a little higher, to get to that level it would seem that you’d have to have negative TV area growth in the quarter. Is that fair?
James B. Flaws: That’s occurring because all those televisions have already been built. When you model the supply chain, what’s going to happen is the inventory contracts dramatically in quarter four as all this stuff is sold at retail. Actually the total supply chain, the amount of square footage in inventory goes down like 80 million square feet during this period of time. What we’re saying is that may have been greater by 30 million than what we originally thought because of this contraction but the supply chain ordinarily goes down and there is less at a glass production level of televisions that [inaudible] because they’ve already all been made.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: In terms of ’09 capacity additions, I know you’re still going to ramp the Jin Ten but previously you were contemplating additional glass volume for the industry of I think around 350 million to 400 million square feet. Now that you say 10% that’s 215 million square feet. With the reductions you’ve announced, do you feel that you’re more aligned with that 215 number right now or would you have to take further steps in early ’09 to readjust your capacity to that type of number?
James B. Flaws: If we get the growth right overall, I don’t think we have to take substantially different. I think the question will be the balance in Korea versus Taiwan.
Wendell P. Weeks: If I could build on that because we’ve had a number of questions that centered around our customers’ utilization; where is that going to be at? Where are we going to be at in Korea versus Taiwan versus Japan? What I just want to do in terms of perspective for you is, there is going to be some dissidence between what you’re going to hear from customers, what you’re going to take a look at by different regional players, potentially by other glass players, and the reason is that if you take a look at where we were through the summer and in the last times that Jim Flaws and myself have talked to you, what we’ve said is that of course like everyone we’re concerned about what the state of the economy is and how that will impact our business, but we were very trapped by this relative strength of the retail data. What Jim just shared with you now is that we track through the weekly trends and we’re seeing some weakness now in retail versus our expectations. So now what we’re doing is we’re using our judgment to look beyond the current data and set our plans on where we think the level will be. When we do that it’ll mean that we’re going to be at least for a time period in a different place than some other players in terms of how they’re thinking about it and how they’re explaining it. It will take us some time to assure. Are we right or not? We’d like to see what actually happens in the holiday selling cycle through retail and then it will take some period of time to adjust our costs and capacity and bring those in line in the right regions to be able to set our sales correctly for what we perceive will be much stronger economic headwinds than we’ve perceived before. So until that really settles down, you’re going to hear a lot of different noise from a lot of different players of the industry mainly because we’re using our judgment to get where we think it’s going to be even though everything’s not lining up exactly that way right now.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Jim, the 12 points of the gross margin decline you’re anticipating next quarter, you commented about FX hedges and just general dislocation. I didn’t catch all of that. Can you just provide a little bit more clarity on to what comprises that 12 points?
James B. Flaws: What we talked about is that we have about 5 points of accelerated depreciation. That priced down 2. We really have no ability to do anything on costs and we’re shutting down such a huge amount of capacity so that price falls to the bottom line as normally you would hope to offset price reductions. Then on FX we have a series of hedges that we had that we put in place for higher volumes of transactions that we have to unwind. That’s one-time in nature. And lastly, we have some fixed costs that we were adding to the business that obviously we don’t need because the business isn’t growing. So that’s what comprises the 12 points.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva - Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Considering the capacity reductions and turning off the tanks so they go cold and the depreciation as such, it seems like reasonably as we look at the linearity of Q4 versus Q1 that Q1 margins have to come down even more just given the linearity. Is that a reasonable statement?
James B. Flaws: No. We wouldn’t agree with that because we tend to get a lot of the one-time nature of these costs behind us assuming we’re right on the fact that we’ve got the capacity at the right level, which we may be wrong. But if we’re right and we get through all this and we’ve got it matched up correctly, then that stuff disappears. If we’re wrong and the market’s even worse than what we though, then you’d have another round.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Regarding inventory, it looks like it went up about $25 million or $30 million this quarter and looking back through history really in the Q3 September quarter there hasn’t been an inventory build. Given the economic indicators, can you maybe just walk us through how inventory builds given what we know about the supply chain and inventory buildup or if there’s something unique in there that we should be aware of?
James B. Flaws: What you had is the primary inventory builder in Q3 was really in display where we commented that for four quarters in a row we actually had been reducing inventory below what we wanted. When we first saw the weakness we kept running and put that square footage of glass into inventory because we were running below where we wanted to. Obviously now with the downturn outlook, we don’t want to do that anymore but that’s where it basically ended up.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Harmon - Needham & Company.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: There’ve been a lot of exhaustive questions. I’m down to just a couple. Currently you don’t really have the visibility but it sounds like you’re expecting glass demand in Q1 to fall in with what’s just historical seasonal patterns are for consumer electronics where as in prior years they’ve been staying a bit flattish in Q1 versus Q4?
Wendell P. Weeks: I think what we need to be careful about is over-concluding on Q1 and relative seasonality for next year. The order of March for us has been let us see where as we move, as I just said, from what we had previously believed about the end market to what we believe now about the end market this year. The first thing we need to do is get that correction in place and deal with that for quarter four and for our view of 2009, which is still maturating. We’re going to know a lot more as we work our way through this selling season. After we sort out where we think we’re going to be overall in 2009, we’ve given some directional guidance today, then we’ll start to backfill into what we think the seasonality looks like. We’re a little concerned to give too much information on what we think about quarter one mainly because we don’t want to misdirect. Let us figure out where we’re going to be overall in ’09 and then we’ll be able to be a lot more forthcoming on how we expect the seasonality to play out.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: I think you said before you were going to complete the transition to Eagle XG by the end of the year. Does the fact that you’re turning off some tanks, are there any benefits in it? Does it let you accelerate that or do it better in any way?
James B. Flaws: No. Eagle XG for Corning was basically done.
Wendell P. Weeks: In SCP we are continuing our march to finish that conversion. I think you’re quite right. Even in times as markets slow down, it’s the time to continue to accelerate our cost improvement moves.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: What was the cash write-off you took with the Corning or Dow Corning and what was it?
James B. Flaws: We had both. In Corning’s cash we had some money invested with financial companies in bonds so we took a both realized and impaired loss, and then at Dow Corning in their cash they had some Freddie and Fannie securities that they had to impair also. We tried to not be concentrated in any particular investment but we got it wrong in a couple of financial institutions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just looking at your cash flows, this particular quarter was probably one of the strongest quarters I’ve seen for Corning in terms of cash flows. Could you talk about what primarily impacted that even though you’re guiding to reduced earnings on a go-forward basis a large part of that will be attributed to sort of noncash elements as well as depreciation of plants, etc. with the declining demand? While you’ve already exceeded the guidance given at the beginning of the year for about $500 million in free cash flow, you’re already above that right now, what can we expect for 2009 as far as that’s concerned.
James B. Flaws: Let me finish for 2008. Free cash flow would be negative in quarter four because capital spending will be up and we will not have as strong an operating cash flow in Q4 with the amount of operations that we’re taking down. It’s premature for us to do a 2009 cash flow depending on what the company is going to do operationally. The most difficult thing we’ll have in determining the cash flow will be the balance again between the equity companies and our wholly owned business in display. Clearly we expect capital spending next year to be lower than it was this year but it’s premature for me to forecast operating cash flow.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: About three years ago when you had some dislocation in demand in terms of where you had capacity and where the demand was in terms of you wholly owned business and SCP, you had some client shipment going on at that time. Do you foresee an environment where that could begin again over the next year or year and a half or do you think that’s probably not likely to happen?
James B. Flaws: It will be one of the things that we go to explore as we get a feeling of how the market is settling and do we have capacity at SCP or in the wholly owned business that could benefit one another. Clearly if it does, we’ll do it.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts - Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: TV demand is pretty price elastic. Do you think the strong yen at some point is going to temper some of the recent price declines that we’ve been seeing in both the US and Europe?
James B. Flaws: We actually don’t believe that but obviously that’s not something that we can control. That will be very dependent on what the branded set makers decide to do as a result of that but we would be very surprised if they took that into account.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Pricing’s going to continue to move irrespective of what’s going on with the yen recently.
James B. Flaws: The yen has moved back substantially over the last few days anyway.
Wendell P. Weeks: Plus remember how much of the cost structures in Korean won too so we also have to work through that.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: You used $1.01 for the fourth quarter guidance. You didn’t use a round number like 100. Is that like the one-week last average or how’d you come up with $1.01 given the volatility in the yen?
James B. Flaws: There’s no brilliance on how we came up with the $1.01. 
Kenneth C. Sofio: Operator, we’re running a little late. We’ve got time for one more caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Evanston - Sanford and Bernstein.
Jeff Evanston - Sanford and Bernstein: A couple of questions on telecom. First, you gave guidance for sequentially revenue down 20%. Could you give us some color on any differences you’re seeing between public and private networks? And second, you mentioned that your operating costs were running a bit higher in telecom. If you could give us some comments on the sources of that?
Wendell P. Weeks: On the sales down from quarter four compared to quarter three, normal seasonality usually eats up about 10 points. Hard to call normal seasonality because every year’s a little bit different but roughly we think that about 10 points down. The impact of a stronger US dollar versus the Euro’s about another 4. What we’re seeing is just in very recent days in the last week a lower order rate for fiber in some of the emerging markets as well as some inventory adjustments in some of our key cablers. We believe that that could be economic driven. Also we’re expecting some lower private network orders in quarter four versus quarter three; once again, somewhat related to the economy we believe. It’s not outsized in private versus public so I don’t think we’re going to see a significant mix deterioration per se because we also see fiber to the prem down about 15% in quarter four versus quarter three even though it’s up about 14% year-over-year. That’s the rough mix we’re seeing. Once again we’re using a little bit of judgment on where we think quarter four is going to be based on relatively few days of activity relatively recently.
Jeff Evanston - Sanford and Bernstein: And the operating expense?
Wendell P. Weeks: On op ex at the beginning of this year we added some fixed costs in some selected areas based primarily on growing much more rapidly in the private network space. We’ve gotten some of that growth but about half as much as we thought we should have. What we would seek to do is make a correction in that fixed cost structure going forward. It’s higher than we think it should be. We also had some conversion costs to SAP that has lifted op ex higher than what we would have liked. And, fiber to the prem in Europe even though we’ve recently announced our second major customer we’d expected to announce that a little earlier, have a little more revenue, we had some fixed costs for them and another player. So overall when you take a look at where we are with a fixed costs and telecom you should expect us to take some actions to lower that fixed cost structure to match better to where we think the revenues are going to be.
James B. Flaws: Just a couple of quick closing comments. People in [inaudible] will be presenting at the UBS Technology Conference in New York on November 18. I’ll be presenting at the Barclays Capital Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 10. Obviously we hope to see you at one of these events. It’s closing, it’s not apparent to anything in our current situation has changed, the fundamentals that drive our current businesses. The world is still yearning for a cleaner environment and there still is a need to deliver huge amounts of data as fast as possible and a superior way to view it on.  But, even with these overall drivers, we think now is the time to be more cautious about our spending commitments. The caution is showing up in our decision to control our fixed costs, reduce capital spending and also be cautious on the level of R&D spending without changing our overall commitment to R&D.
Kenneth C. Sofio: Thank you all for joining us this morning. A play back of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 Easter Time today and will run till 5:00 Eastern Time on Wednesday, November 12. To listen dial 1-800-475-6701. No password’s required. Audio cast will also be available on our website during that time. That concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Sofio – Division VP, IR Jim Flaws – Vice Chairman, CFO Wendell Weeks – Chairman, CEO
Analysts:  Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets Brian White – Collins Stewart CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Brent Woodward [ph] – JP Morgan Vijay Rakesh – Thinkpanmure John Harmon – Needham & Company Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank John Roberts – Buckingham Research Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS Jim Silva – Citigroup Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Corning second quarter results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ken Sofio, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Ken Sofio:  Thank you Alex. Good morning everyone and welcome to Corning's second quarter conference call. The call is also being audio cast on our website. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion and Wendell Weeks, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer will join the Q&A.  Before I turn it over to Jim you should note today’s remarks do contain forward looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements do involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company’s SEC reports. Jim?
Jim Flaws:  Thanks Ken. Good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the second quarter which can be found on our IR website. In addition, for those of you with web access, we posted several slides that will summarize the important data from this morning’s prepared remarks. These slides will be available in our website after our call as well. We are very pleased with our Q2 results, especially in these turbulent times and we like our position heading into Q3. We hope that the information we present today will help all investors understand our point of view on the LCD market and the potential for the second half. I’d like to begin with some important points regarding our Q2 results, Q3 expectations, and the LCD industry. First in Q2, demand for LCD glass was strong throughout quarter two. Combined volume at our wholly-owned business and SCP was up 8% sequentially. Our wholly-owned business was up 1%, lower than our guidance due to an isolated manufacturing issue. I’ll comment more on that in a minute. SCP was up 15%, higher than we expected. Second, panel makers ran at high utilizations in Q2, in the low to mid 90% range. They also built some inventory in preparation for the season with a stronger second half, as we told you they would. But in general, inventory levels at the panel makers were considered normal and in Q2, at about 5 weeks. This is roughly the same level inventory at the end of Q2 last year. We believe the inventory was weighted – towards IT but this is specific to each panel maker. Those panel makers, such as Samsung who have strong television brands, reported no building of TV panel inventory. Third, we believe the set assemblers, fearing a shortage of panels in the second half, may have built more inventory than necessary during the quarter. Fourth, retail was strong throughout Q2. LCD televisions in the U.S. were 35% higher year-over-year in the month of June. In China, they were up to 62% year-over-year. So, in summary, Q2 was a good quarter. Now, let’s turn to July. First, the reported panel pricing has come down significantly in July. These drops are consistent with our analysis that the set assemblers may have slowed their purchase orders to try and reduce their own inventories. Second, overall, we believe panel makers’ utilization rates remained high in July. However, some panel makers have now announced lowering their utilization rates going forward to reduce their output and keep their own inventories in balance. So, what are our expectations for Q3? We expect panel makers to maintain lower utilization rates until the set assemblers work off their inventory. We believe utilization rates for the Taiwanese panel makers will be in the low to mid 80% range. Others may keep their utilization rates high throughout Q3. Second, despite utilization rate reductions by the Taiwanese, we expect total industry panel area shipments to be up Q3 over Q2. This has been supported by forecast from several panel makers. Third, we believe the utilization cutbacks reflect a normal supply chain correction. This is especially true if the retail environment remains on track. Fourth, regarding retail, we’re now halfway through the year and economic pressures have not caused LCD televisions to suffer at retail. U.S. LCD television sales have been up nearly 30% year over year each month. So, we believe, all the recent noise in the market is a supply-chain issue and not a change in the overall macro trend of LCD television penetration growth. As a result, we expect another quarter of strong glass demand. Combined, our wholly owned business and SCP volumes will be up 49% sequentially. SCP volumes will be up 8% to 13% while our wholly owned business will be up flat to up 5%. The difference in growth rates may reflect the share gains of A Brand [ph] televisions which have the competitive advantage or strong brand name recognition. Based on the actual retail data for the first half and expectations for Q3 and Q4, we still expect at least 105 million LCD televisions to be shipped this year. As a result, we still anticipate the overall glass market volume could be at the upper end of our 25% to 30% growth range. Lastly, consistent with our strategy for cash usage that we have outlined for investors, we will continue to return excess cash to our shareholders if we feel our financial health is secure and if we have adequate funds for growth. In light of our strong balance sheet and positive outlook about our future prospects, this morning we announced our Board has approved a new $1 billion share buy back program. So now, let me turn to the details and I’ll start with our income statement. Second quarter sales were $1.69 billion, 1% under the low end of our guidance range and 2% lower than street expectations. Two events contributed to the lower and unexpected sales in Q2. The first would be the isolated manufacturing issue that impacted a small portion of capacity at one of our plants. Fortunately, the problem was corrected and the output has been improving steadily. But we did lose the opportunity to sell approximately 24 million in glass and it cost us $16 million in net income. The second was foreign exchange rates. The Yen averaged 104.6 during a quarter and our guidance was based on 103. This impact on sales was 14 million. Without these two items, sales in Q2 would have been well within our guidance and street expectations. Versus Q2 a year ago, sales increased 19%. EPS, excluding special items was $0.49 and within our guidance range and aligned with street expectations. This represents a 44% increase over second quarter EPS ex specials of 34 cents a year ago. Manufacturing issue on Display impacted our quarter 2 EPS by about a penny, weakening the Yen in comparison to our guidance was not as material to EPS as it was to sales, due to our hedging strategies. That end term, excluding special items, was 782 million, an increase of 43% over last year’s second quarter net income, excluding special items of 546 million. You should note that EPS and net income, excluding special items, are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation GAAP can be found on our website. Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in the second quarter was a little over 50% as expected. The slight decline from Q1 gross margin, which was 52%, was primarily due to strong telecom sales which had a lower gross margin than our corporate average, as well as the manufacturing issue on Display I mentioned a moment ago. Manufacturing issue impacted our corporate gross margin by approximately 50 basis points in the quarter.  SG&A was 260 million and 15% of sales, as expected. RD&E in the second quarter was 163 million and about 10% of sales. Equity earnings were 360 million in the second quarter compared to 304 million in the first quarter, an increase of 18% and higher than expected. Increase was due to strong earnings of both SCP and Dow Corning. Compared to the second quarter last year, equity earnings increased 64%. Our tax rate in the second quarter was 13% and wrapping up the income statement, our share count for the second quarter was 1.6 billion shares. Now, we expect three special items in Q2. The most significant related to the release of our U.S. deferred tax asset valuation allowances which resulted in a non-cash gain of 2.45 billion. Timing of the release was driven by the substantial increase in U.S. earnings over the past year, as well as our belief that positive U.S. earnings will continue. Investors should note our book tax rate for 2008 will remain unchanged. In 2009, it is estimated to increase about 10 percentage points. We have previously communicated this potential increase in our tax rate and we believe most, if not all the analysts have reflected the higher tax rate in their 2009 estimates. Investors should note we currently have a 4.7 billion net operating loss and we do not expect to pay cash taxes in the United States for 4 to 5 years. The other two special items related to litigation settlement in our Display segment, which resulted in a charge of 12 million, as well as some inspector's [ph] liability charge of 9 million related to the Pittsburgh Corning reorganization proceedings. Including these special items, our second quarter EPS was $2.01 per share. Now, let me turn to our segment results for the second quarter. I’ll start with Display. Second quarter sales were 809 million or 2% lower than Q1. The volume at our wholly owned business was up 1% and lower than expected due to the isolated manufacturing problem at one of our plants which impacted shipments to one customer during the quarter. Problem was self-inflicted and output is steadily improving. Excluding the impact on manufacturing issue I mentioned earlier, our sequential volume would have been within our guidance range of 2% to5%. The remainder of our glass operations ran at full capacity for the quarter. Normal price declines were inline with previous quarters. Equity earnings from SCP LCD glass business were $244 million in the second quarter, an increase of 20%, versus $203 million in quarter one. Increase was driven by strong volume gains of 15%, excellent manufacturing performance, and favorable exchange rates. Price declines were consistent with previous quarters. For your modeling purposes, SCP second quarter LCD sales were $842 million compared to $737 million in the first quarter, an increase of 14%. Net income in the Display segment which includes these equity earnings was $685 million in the second quarter, slightly higher than the first quarter. The segment at net income includes the $12 million litigation settlement, which was a special item. In comparison to the second quarter of last year, sales in the Display segment increased 33%, led by volume gains of 26%. Price declines were 8% year-over-year and the movement of the yen to US dollar exchange rate was very favorable. Equity earnings from SCPs LCD glass business were up 85% over Q2 of 2007 led by volume gains of 40%. Segment net income grew 39% versus last year. Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing the current supply chain and retail environment. It's clear that most of the news coming out of Asia over the past weeks has worried investors. I'd like to start by talking about what the supply change did in Q2, and then we can walk through our thoughts for Q3 and the second half. Panel inventories in Taiwan grew in Q2 on an average from four weeks entering the quarter to about five weeks by the end of the quarter. This is a level we consider to be normal entering the third quarter. In fact, this is about equal to the level inventory heading into Q3 last year. Regarding report of panel pricing, prices dropped significantly at the end of Q2, and these drops have continued in July. Due to the severity of the price declines and the length of time over which they've occurred, it's now apparent there's a buildup of inventory in the supply chain. Our hypothesis is that it's mostly at the set assembly level. While we and you can track retail data and panel shipments, there is no market data available for set assembler inventories. We suspect some of the excess inventory has been built their anticipation with tight panel supplies in the second half. With more visibility and confidence in the second half panel supply, we believe set assemblers are adjusting down that over-built. The good news is that retail remains on track. If retail strength continues as expected, fueled by lower retail pricing, we expect that excess inventory in the supply chain can be worked off. I'd like to take a moment to comment on our supply chain model and give you some conclusions we've drawn from it. We modeled the LCD industry at four supply stages. The first is glass shipments to panel makers. These are our shipments and when we give you the glass market statistics, it is at this level. With our market share and industry contacts, we have a high degree of confidence in these numbers.  The second stage is panel maker shipments to set assemblers. We have pretty good confidence in these numbers triangulating from a variety of sources. We also modeled inventory changes at the panel makers. The third stage is shipment into retail. We have good confidence in these numbers. They come from sources that you can purchase also. The last stage is obviously from retail to consumers. We buy our market research data around the world and you can buy the same information. We think our data represents about 50% coverage in television, but as you know, some major US retailers and warehouse clubs do not provide data. We supplement this data with regular conversations with major retailers and also branded manufacturers. We model inventory changes in levels in the set assembly and at retail, and we model the entire industry in glass volume obviously trying to build in expected efficiency improvements. We have two important observations and perhaps they should be characterized as beliefs. First, the sequential growth percentages every quarter at each level are different and often commented on this to investors when they ask, “Why isn’t our growth rate the same as panel makers in the given quarter?” Second belief is that supply chain in the aggregate must fill the inventory to support the end-market growth. The supply chain cannot increase terms infinitely. As an example, we think 500-million square feet increase uphold from the retail level probably requires approximately 150 million to 200 million square feet of new inventory in the supply chain to support that level of retail growth efficiently. We have been modeling the industry stage this way for three years. As we've commented many times, there is not a typical year for the Display industry because it changes as television has a bigger impact in the seasonality, and as glass and panel capacity is tight or not. We entered 2008 expecting the supply chain to be tight. We expected this along with the Beijing Olympics timing. We drive the supply chain to run stronger earlier in the year. We forecasted the supply chain would build 140 million square feet of new inventory in the first half and that is about 60 million more than the built in the first half of last year. The main reason why this is important is that we believe that retail demand have increase of about 500 million square feet is about the same in '07 and '08. So, the supply chain should not need to build more inventory than they did in 2007. Remember my comment about our second belief on terms. We compare our model today for the first half to our model at the beginning of the year. We think that the 140 million square feet in inventory built that we've had projected is now 160 million, an increase of 20 million. That is only 1% of the world’s annual end market but is 4% of a quarter. However, we think that this built of set assembly is now a 100 out of the 160, whereas we originally had forecasted it only to be 60 of the 140 in our opening forecast. It is this analysis that drives us to believe that the current panel pricing drops are being driven by the set assemblers. They built enough inventory and had built significantly more in the first half of '08 than '07, 100 built this year versus 50 in '07 at set assembly. There are also sensing the panel capacity will not be as tight. Another reason is slow purchases and expected lower prices. Our panel makers have not overbuilt their inventory so far but if they don't trim utilizations during this period of adjustment, they will. So they will now trim and keep their inventories in balance. This will let set assemblers work off inventory. The recent panel price changes reflect this war of balance between the two supply chain stages. Of course, all these is playing against the retail environment that feels uncertain, although the first 6 months have been great, and the seasonally stronger demand of back-to-school and holidays is around the corner. If these remain on track, then utilization cutbacks are exactly what we've described, a normal supply chain correction. So what are we seeing for utilization changes? We are now seeing Taiwanese panel makers lower utilization to low to mid-80% range for their large sized lines, which are typically 10, 5, and higher. We expect them to stay at this level before beginning decline on September. These utilization cuts are part of the balancing between set assembly inventories and panel price declines. The ultimate good news is that year-to-date retails has been strong and further price reductions that flow through the retail should help spur consumer demand. We believe utilization rates can move higher once inventory and set assemblers have been adjusted to more appropriate levels. Clearly some panel makers have stated their Q3 utilization rates will remain at 90% or higher. Investors should note that utilization rates vary by panel maker. Investors have also reacted negatively to June in Q2 panel shipment announcements. I believe it's important for investors to look at shipment data for all panel makers in their entirety and not just individual panel makers before drawing conclusions. While some panel makers had lower than expected shipments in Q2, others had come in as expected. Investors should note that individual panel maker shipments results can be influenced by their share gains or losses, their pricing decisions, and their product mix. In the long run, we continue to believe the most important metric for investors to watch is retail sales results of LCD products. It is the retail sell-through that drives the ultimate [ph] demand for glass and will overcome and drive the supply chain.  So what are we seeing at retail? All retail reports through June have been very positive. June LCD TV sales in the United States were up 35% year over year according to NPD Group's retail tracking service. This continues the trend we are seeing throughout 2008. LCD television sales have been up 30% each month, year over year. For the first six months this year, retail sales have been very strong with LCD television sales in the United States up 37% versus the first half a year ago.  We know investors continue worry about the impact of the US economy in LCD television sales. As we've shown you several times in the past, TV sales have done well in past recessions. We should also note that these worries have been with us all year and each month we still seek consumers buying televisions. We cannot guarantee they'll continue to do so but we are encouraged by the resiliency of television purchases in the United States. And lastly, investors should be remember only 30% of TVs are sold worldwide or in the United States.  We also just received June retail sales of LCD televisions in China. Despite the fears of the earthquake would have a lingering impact on consumer behavior, LCD television unit sales bounced back up in June to be 62% at year over year. We believe the continued strength of LCD television sales as due in part to the continuing collapse of the CRT market. On this slide, you’ll see June television sales in the United States broken out between LCD, plasma, rear projection, and CRT. And while LCD television sales were up 35% versus a year ago, CRT sales were down 71%. Based on the first half data, we believe the worldwide television market is still on track to reach at least 105 million units this year. Our estimates are consistent with many of the A-brand television manufacturers as well as electronic retailers. Investors have also been concerned that the economy will influence consumers to purchase a smaller less expensive television. On this slide, we have worldwide LCD sell-through by screen size for this year through May which is our most recent data. As you can see, since the beginning this year, the percentage of televisions 14 inches and higher have been consistent around 24% to 25% of all televisions sold. Now compared to a year ago, the percentage of LCDs sold over 14 inches has actually grown significantly. On this chart you can see the screen size break out by month for the last year, which is where I'd like to draw your attention to June 2007. A year ago, televisions 14 inches are higher were only 16% of the total compared to 26% today.  An interesting conclusion that can drawn from this data is the shift from smaller to larger televisions. In June of 2007, smaller televisions between 10 and 29 inches were 1% of the total, today, they are only 33% and falling. I would like to address one more topic that investors have asked about – 2009 panel capacity additions and their impact on glass demand and pricing. Some of investors concerns, panel makers will put in too much capacity next year. Glass makers will follow with too much capacity. And then the end market demand does not support all the panel and glass capacity, there will be excess glass capacity which will lead to significant glass price declines. Those are a lot of assumptions but let start with the panel capacity expectations.  Based on panel maker’s public announcements, they will be adding in total between 25% and 30% in capacity next year. Some investors believe there will be far more new panel capacity to be added. It's important to note not all capacity additions start on January 1 and even more importantly, typically it takes months, sometimes more than a year for new fabs to run at full capacity.  Here is the listing of the new fabs being added next year based on public announcements. As you can see, many do not start until the second quarter and most will not reach full capacity until 2010. So regardless whether there will be excess panel capacity in 2009 or not, key question is – what will the additional glass capacity be? Based on our capacity previously and the public announcements by the glass makers, we believe glass capacity will grow between 20% and 25% next year which is in line with our expectations of end-market demand. So even if glass makers put in excess capacity, we expect the glass market to remain tight and glass price declines to remain moderate.  Now let me share with you some of the historical data to help put this in context. Again, for those who have web access, read the chart comparing the panel capacity additions to glass capacity additions. In 2006, panel makers added 51% of new capacity while glass makers added 48% in line with end-market demand. In 2007, panel makers added 42% of new capacity while glass makers added 45%, again in line with end-market demand. This year, panel makers are adding about 32% of new capacity while glass makers have announced 30% increase, maybe slightly higher but in line with end-market demand.  We agree there is likely to be some excess panel capacity being added next year. But as we are seeing today, panel makers either lower their utilization rates or slow their ramps as needed to adjust to market demand. Based on our analysis of panel maker capacity additions, timing and market demand, we believe panel makers may need to run at slightly lower utilization rates in comparison to the last two years. Now let me take a moment to walk you through some of the end-market data for Q2. As always, I'd like to stress that our second quarter market information is only preliminary at this time. Data represents our view and is based on a variety of sources. To be clear, the data we reference here relates shipments from PC manufacturers and television monitor set makers to retailers. We estimate approximately 23 million LCD television shipments in Q2 compared to the second quarter last year, LCD television shipments were up 45%. Penetration to LCD television worldwide TV market improving 46% in the first quarter to 51% in second quarter.  The data also suggests that notebook sales were very robust in Q2. About 32 million were shipped in the second quarter which is higher than our expectations. Notebooks were about 46% of all PCs sold up from 43% a year ago.  Moving to LCD monitors, about 43 million were shipped from the second quarter slightly higher than the 42 million shipped in quarter one. I would like to turn to the other segment, so I'll start with Environmental where sales from the second quarter were $209 million, a 6% increase over the first quarter of $197 million.  Auto product sales were $132 million in the second quarter versus $137 million in Q1. Strong demand internationally was more than offset by weak demand in North America. Diesel product sales were $77 million in the second quarter up 28% versus Q1 sales of $60 million. Heavy-duty diesel sales were up slightly due to retrofit demand in China. Light-duty diesel sales were up significantly due to strong demand in Europe.  Segment net income was $28 million in the second quarter, significant increase over the first quarter net income of $13 million. In comparison, to a year ago, Environmental segment sales increased 9% driven primarily by positive exchange rates and higher diesel sales. Net income doubled. Turning to telecoms, sales from the second quarter of $477 million, an increase of 13% over Q1. The increase was driven by fiber to the home demand as well as strong fiber volume. Sales in our Fiber and Cable products in the second quarter were $248 million, an increase of 16% sequentially. Sales of hardware and equipment products were $229 million, an increase of 11% sequentially. Fiber to the home sales which are primarily hardware and equipment related were $99 million in the second quarter, a 29% increase compared to Q1.  Second quarter fiber premise sales were driven primarily by strong demand in North America compared to a year ago fiber to the home sales increased 36%. Net income in the telecom segment was $23 million in the second quarter compared to $11 million in the first quarter. Compare to last year, sales increased 11% excluding the sales from the business we divested in April last year. Net income was consistent excluding the $19 million gain we made from the sale of that business last year.  One additional note, our Corning cable systems business has seen significant material cost increases and we’ll be implementing price increases to offset these costs. Sales on our specialty material segment were a $104 million in Q2, an increase of 25% over Q1 sales of $83 million. The increase is due to strong demand for our advanced optics and technical materials products. Compared to a year ago, sales were up 9%.  In our Life Sciences segment, sales from the second quarter were $87 million, a 7% increase over Q1 sales of $81 million and compared to a year ago, sales were up 12%. Segment net income was $16 million, an increase of 60% versus the first quarter of 45% versus last year. Our Life Sciences business also plans to increase prices to offset increases in material costs. Now turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $94 million, an increase of 18% over quarter one equity earnings of $80 million. The higher earnings were primarily driven by strong worldwide demand in base silicon business across all segments. We are pleased to note the general health of the silicon portion of Dow Corning’s business has not been significantly impacted by the economy. Outside, we buy our raw material prices. Dow Corning's been able to partially offset these rising costs with higher pricing in the quarter. For modeling purposes, Dow Corning sales were $1.38 billion in Q2 compared to $1.28 billion in Q1. Now let me go to the balance sheet. Moving cash, we ended the quarter with about $3.5 billion in cash and short-term investments up from $3.3 billion last quarter. Free cash flow was $295 million in the second quarter. As always, free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure.  As I mentioned earlier this morning we announced the $1 billion share repurchase program effectively immediately. This is in addition to our previous repurchase program of $500 million of which only a $125 million remains. This decision was based on the strength of our current balance sheet which we believe contains more than enough cash and short-term investments to protect the financial health of the company and our confidence in our future cash flow projections which should allow us the flexibility to fund our significant R&D initiatives and other investments.  We’ve spoken to the rating agencies about the larger repurchase program and they’ve confirmed our new program will not have an impact on our current debt rating level of triple B-plus or BAA1. Now let me go to the outlook. I’d like to wrap up providing our guidance for the third quarter. We expect third quarter sales to be between $1.65 billion and $1.72 billion. This would represent an increase of 6% to 11% over last year’s Q3 sales of $1.55 billion.  Our third quarter EPS before special items is expected to be between $0.48 to $0.51. This would represent a 26% to 34% increase over last year’s Q3 EPS ex specials at 38%. As a reminder, this is a non-GAAP measure.  Our Q3 guidance is based on a yen-to-dollar exchange rate of 108. Exchange rate in quarter two was 104.6. Investors should note that the sales site Q3 estimate, sales estimate of $1.79 billion an EPS estimate of $0.50 are based on exchange rates between 103 and 105. For those analysts who were using 103, the impact to Q3 is approximately $45 million on sales and $0.03 on EPS. For those analysts who are using 105, the impact is about $30 million on sales and $0.02 on EPS. We would ask all analysts to use 108 in their estimates going forward for Q3 and Q4. Now moving down the income statement, we believe gross margins will remain at least 50%. SG&A is expected to be approximately 15% of sales; RD&E is expected to be about 10% of the sales from third quarter. Dow Corning equity earnings are expected to increase 20% to 30% sequentially driven by the growth in the base silicon business and the benefit of new capacity in Hemlock Semiconductor. The new capacity is online and ramping well. Regarding our tax rate for the third quarter, it’s expected to be between 12% and 15%. Now moving to our Display outlook, we anticipate third quarter glass volume, our wholly-owned business, and SGV combined will grow 49% sequentially. Glass volume at our wholly-owned business is expected to be flat at 5% sequentially. Normal price declines in the quarter are expected to be around 2%. SCPs volumes expected increase between 8% and 13% sequentially. SCP price declines will be consistent with our pricing strategy.  As I mentioned earlier in the call the difference in growth rates between SCP and our wholly-owned business reflects the current strength of certain television brands, primarily Samsung. Samsung recently announced they’re reducing their panel inventories by cutting back on buying panels from the Taiwanese. We think this is a reflection of the current panel capacity environment and the recent strength by A-brand televisions versus B-brand and it reinforces the Taiwanese utilization trimming that I mentioned earlier.  SCP equity earnings will be impacted by about $15 million, (inaudible) average is 108 in Q3 compared to Q2 as a result SCP equity earnings could be flat topped slightly. Moving to the telecom segment, we anticipate third quarter sales to be flat at 5% compared to our very strong second quarter. We anticipate the environmental segment sales in Q3, it will be flat sequentially. Higher diesel sales will be offset by lower auto demand.  And in our Life Sciences and special material segment we expect Q3 sales to be consistent with Q2. Ken?
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Alex, I believe we’re all ready for some questions now.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we'll go to our first question with Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you and good morning. Understanding that your comments on supply, are there any July indications of macro impact on retail demand? Do you think there was some pre-buying related to the Olympics which caused set assembly makers to build inventory?
Jim Flaws:  Sue, we believe that set assembly did build this year earlier than normal for two reasons. One would have been the Chinese Olympics and the other would have been that they expected tight supply capability in the back half of the year. We have no hard data on macro change in retail environment for the month of July. We generally get that about three weeks after the end of the month and I'll point out it’s only July 30 today.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: And Jim, considering the new utilization by panel makers during the current quarter and higher set assembly inventories, what kind of glass seasonality should we assume in the holiday quarter? It’s hard to kind of look back at historics but if you could kind of give us some qualitative measures?
Jim Flaws: Well, we clearly have seen different seasonality every year, but as I indicated in my remarks earlier this year, we have never expected that the Q3 going to Q4 would be up very much because we thought the supply chain was building earlier and we have no reason to change that expectation right now. We’re hopeful that these utilization cuts in Q3 will pull back some of the inventory that was there, but we’re not expecting a robust quarter-over-quarter growth in Q4 for the glass market as told.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: And lastly Jim, with everything going on, do you re-assess your planned production increases or at least throttle it back a little bit?
Jim Flaws: We’re continuing to run full with – we have failed to build any inventory on as what we’ve talked about with our manufacturing upset that actually shorted customers. So we’re continuing to run full. We’re not changing our plans for capacity additions for next year. Clearly, we have the ability on a given tank repair or given tank start up to moderate at this time, but given what we continue to see in the end market and retail around the world, we don’t see a reason to change our capacity additions at this point in time.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you and good luck gentlemen.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brian White with Collins Stewart. Please go ahead.
Brian White – Collins Stewart: Yes, good morning. Just on the pricing environment, panel prices are going down fairly quickly. Some of the panel makers are trying to get cost downs that are higher than what they’ve had in the past, have you actually had panel makers ask for a better pricing in the second half of the year?
Jim Flaws: Yes, we have, and we’ve had panel prices – panel makers ask for lower prices even when they’re raising their prices. There’s never been a meeting where they haven’t asked for a price reduction. So, this shouldn’t come as a surprise as they’re going down. I will tell you that we are holding firm on our prices.
Brian White – Collins Stewart: Okay. Great. And just linearity of the June quarter, was there anything that’s different or maybe you can talk about how the quarter typically trends in terms of linearity up to three months in the June quarter?
Jim Flaws:  The June quarter was very consistent throughout the quarter. We didn’t see any real shifts in terms of capacity utilizations in the June quarter. All the months were quite good and the month of July was actually quite good and it’s just at the end of July that we’ve had some panel makers begin to either start to trim or announce the trims for August. So June quarter was quite good.
Wendell Weeks: 
– :
–:
Brian White – Collins Stewart:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. In this first question, on the plant shutdown and where you talked about not having sufficient inventory to supply that particular customer, can you comment on their ability to source from the two other guys and how much excess supply there is out there for the glass market currently?
Jim Flaws:  Well that particular incident that you’re talking about that supply of that particular glass is very tight and regretfully, we put customer through some hard times during this quarter. So that tightness of glass, they felt and we felt right away with this regrettable manufacturing incident. We're working our way out of it. So we hope to be on track and we’ve improved significantly with our delivery to that particular customer.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Can you feel good that that will not have a material impact on your Q3 results?
Jim Flaws:  Anytime you have a manufacturing incident like this, it takes a little while to recover from it. We believe that the worst of it’s behind us and that we’re ramping steadily up. We’ll still feel a little bit of a drag though but we believe that the worst of it’s behind us and we’re going to be okay.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Okay. Was there an impact on pricing because of this to that particular customer?
Jim Flaws:  It didn’t impact our total pricing or our normal pricing. However, the particular way in which this manufacturing event presented itself is it also gave our customer some issues in their factory and we helped them make that right in terms of that economic impact on price per se where we try to make that right for the impact on their throughput.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  That’s great. And then I guess, on the SG&A front, Jim, I think you guided the 14% and it came in at 15.4% or roughly $20 million higher than what you’re looking for initially. Can you comment on what happened there and how we should think about the SG&A going forward?
Jim Flaws: 
–:
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Okay. And then I guess, last question from me. Given some of the uncertainly with inventory of panel makers running it 68 weeks and your comments about inventory at set assemblers, how do you think about managing your capacity additions? I know you said in the prior question that you’re sticking to your plans but do you see yourself at the margin delaying by a quarter or so just to make sure that keep glass supply tight?
Jim Flaws: 
–:
–:
–:
Wendell Weeks: 
-:
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  Hi, good morning. I have two questions. First of all, is there any other specifics you can provide on the manufacturing issue in terms of what exactly happened?
Jim Flaws:  Sure. We had an employee who didn’t operate to our SOP. That’s very rare that something like that occur and we had to recover from it.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And in terms of what kind of generation glass this was? Was this larger sized glass I assume?
Wendell Weeks:  We don’t want to really comment on it. There’s been plenty of speculation about this item.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  Okay.
Wendell Weeks:  – noise level in Japan and I’m sure if you are really curious you could find somebody with a theory but I’m not going to give any of those theories to you, Steven.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Fair enough. And then the last question would just be on – in terms of what the customers and the retail checks are turning up, there’s definitely a risk that the economy could get worse in the second half of the year. Are your customers anticipating some of that in the orders they’re talking about and what does that mean also from next year (inaudible) year-over-year but do you expect the steady mix of TV sales in the second half? You just talked about those impacts from changes in the economic environment?
Jim Flaws:  Well, I think, we’ve been dealing with this all year long, Steve. The fear that the – every time everybody asked us if the next quarter where they think the economy will reach up and grab us and so it’s very possible but we kind of – we’re weathering our way through one of the weaker seasons at retail in which is late spring or early summer and it looks like it’s going okay and then we run into the holiday and back-to-school. I think the only thing that we can say from our customers' point of view is they’re expecting to have terrific prices at retail on the back after the year. We’re hearing fabulous prices for 32-inch televisions. So that perhaps could influence size a little bit but we’re still having people plan on quite a strong retail – strong fourth quarter retail.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  Great. Thank you.
Wendell Weeks:  I want to build just this a little bit on what Jim said because I said he has had the conversation with our chief operating officer this morning, Peter Volanakis, and he was commenting actually on the slide that Jim showed when he was doing the walk through this morning with you on the conference call which is when people get concerned about the economy which is granted not a great economy right now, they tend to compare that with, for instance, sort or 25% to 30% growth that we’re talking about and it sounds like, wow, that much growth in a consumer product in this economic environment, does that make sense? But what people miss is that (inaudible) let's take a look at June. I want to reiterate something that Jim went through is categorical growth. If you add up all the different technology types for Display LCD, PDP, rear projection, and CRT, and say what was category growth year-over-year in June in the US sell through. It's only up 4% right? And so that actually jives very well with the data that Peter Volanakis has presented early in the year that said we actually have gone back and analyzed past times of economic malaise and what you see is the television sales tend to hold up in that. So 4% growth in this type of environment doesn’t t sound that bad or it doesn’t sound like much, but then within that figure, what you see is the old technologies really getting slaughtered. So you got a rear projection and CRT down 70% and that makes room for the strong flat panel growth like LCD above 35% and I think people have a hard time keeping all that in their minds. But if you take a look at it 4% growth makes some sense in this economy and then the power of penetration of the new technology is what’s driving our growth rate so much higher. I just think it’s important you keep in mind. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Brent Woodward [ph] with JP Morgan. Please go ahead sir.
Brent Woodward – JP Morgan: Yes. Hi. Good morning. 
Jim Flaws:  Good morning Bert.
Brent Woodward – JP Morgan:  Jim, in your prepared remarks you talked about the on a go forward basis, you feel that panel makers are going to run at relatively lower utilization rates than they have in the past, yet you still feel that you’re going to run at basically capacity. So is that statement essentially saying that you think the review of the market is definitely higher, kind of relative to where you're at right now?
Jim Flaws:  That our view of the market is higher than their view, is that what you said?
Brent Woodward – JP Morgan:  No. I'm just trying to think that why would they be running at lower utilization rates certainly in the back half of the year when you have strong seasonal demand, relative to you guys running at a 100% capacity?
Jim Flaws: Well, remember we're talking about our shipments in our base business being at worst flat to Q2. So and they could be up and then you know that SCP to be quite strong. We’re going to – we obviously could make a little more in Q3 than what that forecast implies and we‘re going to rebuild some inventory but not a whole lot. We think their utilization trends are really reflecting their desire to try to help stabilize the panel pricing for themselves which will occur with the set assembly. It works off some of the inventory but in talking to all of our customers, we’re not getting a sense that people are having a different view with the end market than what we do. What we have is that there is some uncorrection [ph] in the supply chain. When frankly you go back to the beginning of the year, we knew that people were building – the question was whether it was too much or not and they’re now – their point of view is probably it did turn out to be a little too much. But we’re not that different in terms of what we’re running versus what we think the end market is.
Wendell Weeks:  The panel makers – remember also they started off with more capacity in the ground relative to demand than we do, right? So that – because they have built in to their own – their own views of share et cetera, so that also makes it hard to relate directly their utilization to our utilization if that makes any sense to you.
Brent Woodward – JP Morgan:  Right. Okay. And Wendell, on the penetration rate, can you guys give us an update on globally where you see penetration rates right now. I mean if you look at the NPD data, the US penetration rate for LCD is running at about 82% and at the start of the year and you forecast North American penetration rate at 77%. So it seems like it's running considerably higher than you initially thought. I wonder if you could describe a little bit more insight into that globally.
Jim Flaws: I think the danger with the penetration rate heard is always – what's happening with CRTs? So clearly, CRTs are falling more rapidly. Not everybody who is going to purchase one of those is turning over to purchase an LCD. Quite a few are. So that's what I think is making the penetration rate look higher than what we originally expected. The absolute units of LCDs around the world appear to be basically on track with what we said originally but because there’s fewer CRTs being sold that is changing the penetration rate.
Brent Woodward – JP Morgan:  Got it. Okay.
Wendell Weeks:  That is very well said sir. Some of that – the economic impact that people are concerned about is being felt primarily by the old technology. Correct?
Brent Woodward – JP Morgan:  Right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Thinkpanmure. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkpanmure:  Yes. Hi guys. Just going to go over this whole retail and panel production time once again. You said Taiwan inventory was up from 4 to 5 weeks which is seasonal given that they’re going into Q3. Why then would they be cutting utilization back 10% for the quarter? It just seems if Q3 is going to be strong that they would – and things are – the build up is fierce and they’ll continue to go with it.
Jim Flaws:  Their cutbacks are related too because even they’ve seen panel prices fall very dramatically. We’ve often warned that this is a leading indicator and they – because of the panel price drops, it’s really an indication of the inventory not at their level, but really, what’s happening at set assemble level where we do think there’s been a substantial build. So, yes, people are preparing for seasonally stronger back half of the year but there clearly is more than is needed for that at this stage and that’s why that’s showing up in panel prices and the panel makers are reacting very appropriately to trim back a little. To just comment on the utilization comment a little bit more again. There’s a danger in using percent here because the panel makers actually were adding capacity. So our actual shipments in our base business' current turnout would be about the same as what we shipped in Q2 even though the overall utilization cut sounds like it’s down quite a bit. Remember they had – they were having capacity added at this point in time. So we could turn out to ship them about the same amount of glass in the quarter, obviously lower in the month of August than we were in June and July but September could be greater than that, end up with a flat quarter.
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkpanmure:  Okay, so if their July/August is coming down and your glass shipment is coming – going up quarter to quarter, what are we missing? You have heard AUO, CMO, LPL. All the panel guys cut back on utilization except for Samsung. What is missing in that equation?
Jim Flaws:  I don’t think there’s anything missing in the equation. What – you have to look at what their area of shipments are. A number of people have talked about an increase in the area of shipments, what they’re taking in at glass from (inaudible) their inventories in total but I don’t think you’re seeing anything wrong with the math and the model.
Wendell Weeks:  I think the important thing always to do and we really worked hard at this starting a number of years ago is you’ve got to figure out where you think the end market is. Now, we still have half the year left. We don’t know exactly what’s going to happen in retail and sell through in that back half of the year. Maybe there will be an impact. May be it won’t be as good as it is that we’ve experienced in the first half. All we have is sort of looking in the rearview mirror. When you look at the rearview mirror, what’s happened through June, you see very strong sell through performance. The sell through performance that really supports what we’ve been saying, which is, we’re going to grow LCD glass in the upper end about 25% to 30% zone. You got to spend your energy on what do you think is going to happen in the back half on sell through and do you buy what we currently believe, we think very plausibly what we see in the total year working. And then to not get fooled by what happens between set makers, panel makers, what happens with the given utilization, what happens here on price or they’re on price. As long as you’re trying to figure out how a longer time period's going to work, a year, something like that, then that sort of logic will carry you through any of this sort of short term perturbations that you’ll experience trying to track a bubble through the supply chain.
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkpanmure:  Got it. And then lastly, on the gross margin side came down to about 200 BIPS as you mentioned, 50 BIPS of that was a manufacturing issue. The guidance is for 49 plus on the full spectrum, but is that kind of where first quarter is impacting it and is that where margins will be going forward? 
Jim Flaws:  So, for the corporation we saw guidance to be at least 50% in Q3. What drove it down in Q2 was a combination of manufacturing problem and the rest was the mix of the business with telecom.
Vijay Rakesh – Thinkpanmure: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of John Harmon – Needham & Company. Please go ahead 
John Harmon – Needham & Company:  Hi. Good morning.
Jim Flaws:  Good morning.
Wendell Weeks:  Good morning. 
John Harmon – Needham & Company: I guess just sorting of thinking about this. You're making glass base on your view of the year which you've made perfectly clear but seems like in terms of the inventory, there was doubt that maybe the industry ran a little hotter than it should in the second quarter, which would imply in the third quarter. There could be some excess capacity around there with some of the panel makers cutting capacity. Is that reasonable and could there be any less affect on pricing?
Jim Flaws:  Excess capacity in glass? 
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Yes. Given that – certainly some panel makers that have been running in full capacity are running at lower capacity that would imply there might be some excess glass out there?
Jim Flaws:  So we would say no which either – there might be a small amount but you know in an industry that takes 500 million square feet in quarter, if there’s an extra 20 million square feet, there might be available. It's not going to influence pricing. We’re definitely not changing pricing.
Wendell Weeks:  So what we try to do in the analytics is integrate. When you see in those public announcements from the panel makers of what they’re going to do with their utilization. What we try to do is integrate all that into the guidance that Jim just gave you. Total family glass shipment volume being up 49% quarter three versus quarter two which were tighter than we expect obviously, to ship more glass in quarter three than we did in quarter two. And so we try to integrate all that utilization input and then that‘s where we based our guidance on.
John Harmon – Needham & Company:  Okay. Thank you. And just one more please, it seems – I think panel makers got cut up short. The last time we had a similar type of inventory behavior but given if it takes three months to go from glass to finish television, given the strong fourth quarter seasonality, in other words, if you want a TV on the shelf by the holidays, you probably got to make the glass this quarter. Do you think the panel makers might be little short sighted again and not thinking about the strong seasonality of the fourth quarter?
Jim Flaws:  No, we don’t think the panel makers are short sighted. We think they are acting very appropriately. We do think that there’s a large amount of inventory at set assembly level then we can help in all the back half of the year and so we don’t think they're making a bad decision with what they’re doing now.  We don’t expect this lowering of utilization rates to stay there for a long period of time. They clearly want to influence the panel pricing environment but we clearly expect them to begin ramping back up. I think it will vary a little differently for each panel maker, particularly relative to their strength in the end market but we definitely expect them to ramp back up.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning.
Jim Flaws:  Good morning.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: A couple of quick questions here on the manufacturing problems, can you quantify the anticipated drag in 3Q?
Jim Flaws:  I don’t think – I will be surprised if we would be even talking about it in terms of a drag. 
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. In regards to the inventory level of the Taiwanese panel customers, any thoughts on how it went from 4 to 5 weeks from the beginning to the end of the quarter? Do you have a sense (inaudible) the information, but do you have a sense on where inventories were or are closing out this month?
Jim Flaws:  No. It's – the month isn't even over yet. It doesn't end until tomorrow. I’m sorry we don’t know.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Ban:  Two more quick ones. For SCP, you talked about $15 million I think it's in charges. Is that in 3Q that you're anticipating and can you elaborate on that?
Jim Flaws:  That was an effects movement.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Ba: $15 million?
Jim Flaws:  In comparison Q3 versus Q2, there’s $15 million effects downward – (inaudible) Q3 versus Q2 with the use of – 108. 
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: Okay. I’m trying to better understand the comments about SCP earnings contribution only being flat to up slightly. If you take the mid point, the volume, you take a 3% effects drag and a 2% drag to pricing, it seems like it should be up at least 5%?
Jim Flaws:  We're bringing on new capacity to Korea to get prepared and that will bring additional costing but it won’t be in any output this quarter. The other thing is the tax rate will go up just slightly in Q3 versus Q2. So those two things are unfortunately combined with the effects kind of dampening the fabulous volume were getting. 
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank:  That’s helpful. Last question, can you discuss your level of confidence about maintaining your present strategy into 2009, as it sounds like you're anticipating a moderate oversupply situation at your customers?
Jim Flaws:  We’re very confident about maintaining our pricing strategy. We’ve said and as we’ve demonstrated in 2007 that we’re willing to stick with this and as long as we’re reasonably correct on the end-market and how it flows through the supply chain, we think our strategy is are very good and we will stick to it.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank:  That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: 
 :
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Good morning guys.
Jim Flaws:  Good morning.
Wendell Weeks:  Good morning.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Could you give us an update in your strategy for requiring deposits in advance of glass expansions? We’re working that down. I don’t know how that trends over the next several quarters to next couple of years.
Jim Flaws:  Well, we’re not getting any new deposits for glass and so we just it's working its way out in terms of our casual statement. We break it out for it separately but we just began this in 2005 and it's basically winding its way off and will all be gone pretty soon in terms of impact on the cash flow statement.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Have there been any recent changes to payment terms, I know you gave us average selling pricing but is the duration or terms of it contracted change at all?
Jim Flaws:  There's been no change in terms of our day sales outstanding what we ask our customers to pay on recently. Remember the way that deposits work. At the moment, (inaudible) we get these two things separate. Deposits are – when somebody gets an invoice from us and then goes to pay it, they're allowed to use a certain amount of their deposit as effect, I'm going to send you X amount of dollars. Please take some out of this deposit I gave you and that’s all regulated. But we have not changed our terms to customers saying, “Hey you're going to get X more days to pay."
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Thank you.
Operator: 
 :
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein:  Good morning. I'm wondering as you look at the strength of the A-brand as you call them that’s promoting much more rapid growth in SCPs and in Taiwan say, how that your B-brands might respond and what that would mean for you all?
Wendell Weeks:  That's a great question and I would say also one of the hardest things for us to predict is what we call regional mix that you usually plays out around this A-brand versus B-brand dialogue. So what we believe is that the A-brands will continue to be strong this year and that the B-brands will have to follow and therefore you’ll get some recovery there as well. But I would say it’s always hard to forecast what’s going to happen in the end-market. That's stark, right? And then we try to pick which of the brands are going to have most share of propensity towards air or goes up. So I would hate to say anything to predict definitely about it.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: 
 :
Jim Flaws:  We still prefer that it shows up on our wholly-owned business even though as SCP is very profitable but clearly getting 100% of that revenue even though SCP is very efficient, you'd rather have it. But we're delighted to have our shared position with the two large players in Korea and so we have no regrets.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein:  And counting the royalty that you get on SCP, how long does that royalty stand in place?
Jim Flaws:  A long time.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein:  Great. Thanks guys.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners:  Yes. Good morning.
Jim Flaws:  Good morning.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners:  Two quick questions. One is about your second largest consolidated business, that’s your telecom business. If I look at the revenues, while it's growing nicely it seems to have sort of negative operating leverage. Your earnings actually operating income is down, your net earnings are down while the revenues are up.  Can you give us some color as to one of the safety factors that you’ve mentioned about the table side of things, inflation [ph] pressures there, is there something else that’s impacting those earnings and when that can change, or when will that change?  And then the second is in your Life Sciences segment, you had some pretty incredible profitability this quarter almost 20% operating margins or close over there, can you give us some colors as to whether this is a one-time issue or it’s on an ongoing basis, you actually expect profitability that’s where it is now.
Jim Flaws: For (inaudible) cable let (inaudible) Life Sciences, so we definitely in telecom did not have the profitability leverage we would have liked with the volume. There are a couple of things going on, we clearly have some material pricing cost increases I’ve talked about and we’re moving to recover that.  We did have some additional costs that we had to put in ourselves to help us. We implemented a new supply chain system which we’ve been planning for quite a while but in order to bridge as we went through it and will not harm customer shipments, we did add some cost.  And lastly within the mix of products within telecom, we do have one richer product that has been on decline. We’ve known it was on decline and that decline has accelerated a little bit so that’s what’s going on in telecom but we obviously are not happy with the margin weakness that we’ve seen in telecom and are working very quickly to try and get that back so that we get the volume if it falls to the bottom line. Wendell, you want to comment on the great performance we’re having in Life Sciences.
Wendell Weeks: Well first of all, thank you fro noticing Life Sciences. That profitability is exactly what our strategies and efforts have been about and we planned for that to be the way our Life Science business looks going forward.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay and then on the telecom side, is there any change in the pricing environment, is it a pricing issue not in terms of the cost of goods sold to you but more in terms of what you can charge for your products that is impairing the ability to expand those margins or is everything on track with the second plant you’ve brought in line or are there any unexpected expenses that you faced over there?
Jim Flaws:  There’s no issue with Concord on fiber – fibers going terrifically. The margin issues are really occurring in our cable systems of business and we are going to move to raise prices and are notifying our customers there but it’s really more of a cost base issue and mix issue within cable systems. But in terms of our manufacturing, particularly in fiber, we’re doing fabulous.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners:  And that leverage should start showing up over the next couple of quarters from the fiber side?
Jim Flaws:  You’ve definitely been seeing fiber leverage already but the only problem is fiber is just too small within the overall mix but we’re definitely getting it.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you so much.
Jim Flaws:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. Please go ahead.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak:  Good morning guys, thanks for taking my call. Touching mark on the gross margin issue, the 50 basis points hit that you took on the manufacturing problem, is it a good assumption that you’d get a 50 basis points back this quarter and then I’ve got quite a couple of other questions.
Jim Flaws:  We certainly hope to get a lot of it back.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak: Okay and then the other question I have, from the industry went through panel bills, inventory driven down cycle if you will because the demand obviously is there on the long-term basis, do you think that brought us back out of the cycle was the panel makers took their CapEx? With them bringing down new libation are you hearing anything from the panel makers that possibly they might rein in their CapEx a little bit in ’09?
Jim Flaws:  We have not heard any change in capital spending but I do think it may be a little premature to hear about that. I think that more likely what you’ll see is a delay in start-up with some of these new facilities rather than an absolute cancellation of one of them.
Brendan Furlong – Miller Tabak:  Well that’s good news. My last question is, you talked about the build up in the A list set assembly guide. Obviously Sony had a big inventory build yesterday when they reported, why wouldn’t – why wouldn’t that fit into SCP – your outlook for SCP next quarter?
Jim Flaws:  Well SCP supplies Samsung, though obviously it supplies Sony but for a part of Sony’s product. Sony also buys from a number of players as you think you know they don’t manufacture anywhere really they’ll (inaudible) themselves but in terms of what Samsung has done particularly with their own trim backs and what they buy from the Taiwanese , they’re showing no change in their production rates and that’s what they demonstrate – that’s what they called out publicly. 
Brendan Furlong:  Understood. Thank you very mech.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS. Please go ahead.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS:  Yes. Thanks. I’ve just three very quick questions. On the production revenues of $24 million or the impact, I should say, is that something you think is pushed out or do you – was it lost revenue, in other words, did competitors make up the difference in the quarter?
Jim Flaws:  It’s hard to tell. It’s hard to tell.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS:  Okay.
Jim Flaws:  And now, there’s a – Jim is saying, we have our ideal which is you can’t make glass in the past.
Nikos Theodosopoulos:  Correct. Okay. Fair enough.
Jim Flaws:  Okay.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS:  On gross margin, can you give us the SCP gross margin in the quarter and it looked like the LCD (inaudible) was down sequentially. I guess the production (inaudible) in FX led to that but can you give some color on that?
Jim Flaws:  Nikos, the first part SCP gross margins in the quarter were 78%.
Nikos Theodosopoulos:  Okay. What – why was that – what led to that strength?
Wendell Weeks:  They’re running very well. They had great volume growth as you saw and great – we’re starting to see the second-gen 8 ramp at Samsung. So, SCP has rebounded from some manufacturing issues that beginning to get the benefit of Eagle XG. We’re delighted by that.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS:  You think that’s kind of a new level for the company, are you going forward or were there some one time things that helped or what’s your sense on that?
Jim Flaws:  As I’ve mentioned earlier, I want to respond to when the question was seen and we will have a little bit of a drag this upcoming quarter because we have some new capacity that’s coming along that will lower it a little bit but definitely we expect the SCP to have gross margins in the 70s.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS:  Okay. And my last question was on environmental. It looks like the EBIT margins went double digit this quarter which was – I think, obviously positive. Is that something that’s also sustainable going forward or was there something one time that helped there?
Jim Flaws:  I wouldn’t call it one time. I think what you’re seeing is what we’ve been talking about which is that diesel’s profitability is going to continue to improve. However, it still got some lumpiness to it.  For instance, in quarter two, one of the reasons our diesel sales were up was, what you hope for will see on TV pretty shortly – which is we’ve sold and awful lot of diesel particularly filtered to Beijing to help clean up the air before all the athletes arrive. So it still got some loppiness to it. We don’t yet have the diesel business exactly the way we want it in terms of revenue production and we still have some of the issues with the US trucking industry. So it’s got – it’s still a little too early but in general the trend that you’re noting is the trend we wanted on, is the trend we’re planning on, and hopefully environmental is only going to continue to get better over time.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS:  Okay. Thanks for answering the question.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Jim Silva with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Silva – Citigroup:  Thanks. Could you give a little bit of color on – you had planned in Q2 to rebuild a little bit of your internal glass inventory and with the production issues that you’ve had, you worked some down. Can you give some color on how much you worked down versus what your plan was and what you need to restock or has it been fully done – it sounds like you actually need to restock a little bit of Corning internal glass.
Jim Flaws:  I might – I don’t have a specific number but we’d love to build some inventory and we’re now our (inaudible) in twelve months in a row where we were going to – unable to build any inventory. So we’d be happy to build some but I’m not going to dollarize it.
Jim Silva – Citigroup:  Alright.
Jim Flaws:  We’d like to get out of here, shipping would like to get out of a lot of different things. It’s just too tight right now.
Jim Silva – Citigroup:  Okay, but could you give us any type of – without a dollar amount like a percent or even like that, less than 5%, less than 10%, or any parameters there?
Jim Flaws:  No, I will no comment.
Jim Silva – Citigroup:  Okay. In last question, the production, is it fully resolved?
Jim Flaws:  As we said in the comment, we’re steadily improving. I wouldn’t call it fully resolved. It takes a while to get it behind us entirely. We’re very – we feel very good about the improvement panel to run. We’re confident that we're going to get this behind us but it’s not totally behind us yet.
Jim Silva – Citigroup:  And the timeline for that totally behind you, would that be exiting Q3?
Jim Flaws:  Well, if I was able to tell that, then it would never happen to begin with right? So, – – this is a – what our current plan is that the impact this quarter will not be material, and that’s our current plan, but you never know until you’re out of it.
Jim Silva – Citigroup:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of William Bogow [ph] with Omega Advisors, please go ahead. Mr. Bogow, your line is open.
Wendell Weeks:  Let’s go to the next question.
Jim Flaws:  The next is the last one too.
Operator:  Thank you and our final question comes from the line of Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities, please go ahead.
Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities:  Two questions. First, have you guys seen any change in your cost structure, I mean your manufacturing cost structure, I know the panel guys have seen some cost increases on the material side how much of any have you seen? And second, if we could talk just a little bit more about the size issue, let’s make the assumption in this discussion that smaller panels are being sold at least in North America relative to what was expected earlier in the year or may be late last year. If we see increases in the number of those units, where do we start to get parity with what might have been larger units sold in assumptions made last year?
Jim Flaws: I will answer on the second question first, so you need to ask where we originally talked about the growth going from a 22 million televisions to about 28 million to 29 million, and If you were to assume that others make up numbers, let say 2 million of those which supposed to be at growth supposed to be 40s and turned out to be 32 inch televisions and you get about the half amount of glass in the 32 versus 40, so you have to (inaudible) sell it. If you sell the two million of 32s instead of two million of 40s, you got to sell up to 2 million extra 32s to make up that glass difference.  As our data show, we’re not yet seeing that, but if that‘s how you would estimate the impact. On cost, I won’t dollarize for the corporation but we are seeing cost increases in materials, principally resins and life sciences and the products that go into a cable systems either hardware or armory in the cable. They are not material enough that we know, it’s changing our results for the corporation obviously on top of it more to raise prices there.  Energy is important to us, over all but we – energy tends to be as a percentage of our cost, to be below 10%, so it has not been a significant item for us, yet but we are obviously paying attention to it. We’ve not it show up on our primary raw material which is sand and clay, although certainly transportation costs have factored in that.
Andrew Abrams – Avian Securities:  Great thank you. 
Operator:  I’m going to turn to Jim for some brief closing comments.
Jim Flaws:  I have a couple of investor-related announcement and also some closing comments. First of all, Ken will be hosting an Investor luncheon in Toronto on August 6. If you’d like to attend, give him a call and Wendell will be presenting at the City Group Technology conference in New York City on September 3.  Now regarding the results over the first six months of the year, I could not have been more pleased especially in light of economic environment we’ve been in. Our first half sales were up 21% versus a year ago and our EPS excluding – special items is up 50%.  Looking ahead, we remain delighted about our current business opportunities and opportunities for the future. There has been some negative reactions to the news coming out of the Displays supply chain. We believe that market trends of LC growth continue remain robust. We hope to remind investors in any given quarter, there can be adjustments in supply chain. Obviously, the panel makers and set assemblers are doing that right now.  Key for us will always be the underlying growth rates of the end markets for the LCD participates in and specially the penetration of the television or TV market. We have no change to our longer term views of this growth. We also hope investors were pleased with our decision to return additional cash back to share holders, which is consistent with our strategic framework. In addition, we also hope investors were pleased with (inaudible) our decision in selling immediately following the quarter. You’ll be happy to note that all 16 B Executives will refrain from doing so this quarter.  In closing, we remain optimistic about our prospects, short term and long term and hope that investors will share our optimism. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you Jim, thank you Wendell, thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10.30 a.m. ET today and will run until 5.00 pm ET on Wednesday, August 13th. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. No password is required. The audio cast will also be available on our website during that time. Alex that concludes our call this morning, please disconnect all lines.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentleman, now that concludes the Corning’s second quarter results conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James B. Flaws - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Wendell P. Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Curtis Woodworth – J.P. Morgan Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein John Harmon – Needham & Company Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank 
Operator: This is the Quarter 1 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. During the question and answer session please press *1. Today’s conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now, I’ll turn the meeting over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Kenneth C. Sofio: Thank you Jan and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s First Quarter Conference Call. This call is also being audiocast on our website. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion, and Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will join us for the Q&A. Before I turn over to Jim, today’s remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements do involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company’s SEC reports. Jim?
James B. Flaws: Thanks Ken. Good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the first quarter which can be found on our investor relations website. In addition, for those of you with web access, we’ve posted several slides that will summarize the important data from this morning’s prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our website after our call as well. Overall, our first quarter results were excellent. Let me share with you the key data points and then we’ll get into details. Demand for LCD glass was very strong throughout quarter 1. Both our wholly owned business and Samsung Corning Precision ran at full capacity. Panel makers ran at high utilization rates throughout Q1 and panel inventory levels were healthy coming into quarter 2. NPD data shows retail sales of LCD televisions in the United States continue to be very strong with year-over-year growth each month through March. Although we do not claim to be recession proof, we clearly have no evidence of an economic downturn impacting our Display business. Based on the current strength in the Display market, we now believe the LCD glass market volume will grow towards the upper end of our 25% to 30% estimate for the year. Now, let me turn to the details starting with our income statement. Our first quarter sales were $1.62 billion or at the top end of our guidance range. More importantly, first quarter sales were 24% higher than a year ago. EPS excluding special items was 44 cents and slightly over the top end of our guidance range. This represents a 57% increase over our first quarter EPS, excluding specials, of 28 cents a year ago. Net income excluding special items were $702 million, an increase of 55% over last year’s net income, excluding special items of $452 million. You should know that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Our first quarter benefited from strengthening the Yen to US dollar exchange rate. Yen averaged 105 in the quarter compared to our original quarter 1 guidance of 109 and 119 in quarter 1 of 2007. This change benefited our EPS by about a penny and a half and our sales by about $25 million compared to our guidance versus last year our first quarter sales benefited by $120 million and EPS by about 4 cents due to FX changes. Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in the first quarter was 52%, a new record for Corning. Improvement was primarily due to excellent manufacturing performance in our Display segment. SG&A was $242 million and 15% of sales as expected. RD&E in the first quarter was $151 million or 9% of sales. Other income was $1 million in quarter 1 compared to $44 million in quarter 4. Each quarter, the movement of certain balance sheet accounts with fluctuation in exchange rates and the offsetting impact associated with hedging programs are captured in other income. Sequential decline in other income expense reflects this significant volatility in exchange rates in Q1, especially the Yen to Dollar exchange rate, and essentially offsets a portion of the positive effect of exchange rate movement on our sales and margins. Royalty income which is the most significant portion of other income was consistent quarter 4 to quarter 1. Equity earnings were $304 million in the first quarter compared to $267 million in the fourth quarter which is an increase of 14%. As a reminder, fourth quarter equity earnings included net special charges at Samsung Corning CRT of $14 million. Our tax rate in the first quarter was 14% as expected. And wrapping up our income statement, our share count for the first quarter was 1.6 billion shares. We had one special item in quarter 1 related to Pittsburgh Corning bankruptcy. We have made significant progress negotiating a revised plan regarding the Pittsburgh Corning bankruptcy proceedings. Its progress and the proposed new structure have led us to record a gain of $327 million or 20 cents per share as we’ve reduced our estimated liability from about $1 billion to $675 million. Although the revised settlement, if approved, will give us the option to use cash or shares of Corning’s common stock, the amount will be fixed in dollars and not by the number of shares. As a result, you will no longer see us recording a mark to market impact every quarter as we await final quarter approval. I will also say it is our current intention to use cash to fund this liability. All sides continue to work towards the new arrangement and we’re hopeful final agreement will be reached soon. We’ll keep you posted on our progress. Including this special item, our first quarter EPS was 64 cents per share. Now let me turn to our segment results for the first quarter. I’ll start with the Display segment which had an outstanding quarter. First quarter sales were $829 million, 7% higher than Q4. Volume was up 2% sequentially and price declines were in line with previous quarters. Given the continued strong demand throughout the quarter, our operations ran at full capacity. Segment sales also benefited significantly from the strengthening Yen during the quarter. As a reminder, all of our glass is sold in Yen. Pricing guidance we provide is on a Yen per square foot basis. As a result, changes in the Yen to Dollar exchange rate do not directly impact our pricing. Business had excellent manufacturing performance in the quarter which resulted in higher gross margins. Due to continued strong demand, we were unable to build glass inventory in the quarter. Equity earnings from SCP’s LCD glass business were $203 million in the first quarter, an increase of 15%, versus $177 million in quarter 4, driven primarily by the favorable exchange rates, excellent manufacturing performance, and a lower tax rate. SCP’s sequential volume was consistent with the first quarter and price declines were in line with the previous quarters. For modeling purposes, SCP first quarter LCD sales were $737 million compared to $708 million in the fourth quarter. Net income in the Display segment which includes equity earnings were $679 million in the first quarter, an increase of 16% compared to the fourth quarter. In comparison to the first quarter of last year, sales in our Display segment increased 58%, led by volume gains of 50%. Price declines were 8% and the movement of the Yen to US Dollar exchange rate was favorable. Equity earnings from SCP’s LCD glass business were up 81% over quarter 1 of 2007 led by volume gains of 46%. Segment net income grew 76% versus last year. I’d like to spend a few minutes discussing the supply chain starting with LCD panels. General panel makers ran a high utilization rates throughout the quarter. Overall inventory levels of panel makers are currently at what we would consider to be healthy levels and well below quarter 1 of 2007. On the retail side, US retail data for January, February, and March indicate that LCD television sales were strong throughout the quarter and significantly higher than a year ago. Data we’ve seen from Japan and Europe indicate that retail sales in those regions have also met our expectations. Sales in China were affected by severe weather in February, but the March retail data was much higher than our expectations. In fact, March LCD television sales in China grew 87% over the same month last year. I’d like to take a moment to walk you through some of the Yen market data for Q1. As always, I must stress that our first quarter market information is only preliminary at this time. That represents our view and is based on a variety of sources. Clear, the data I’m referencing here relates to shipments from PC manufacturers and television and monitor set makers to retails. We estimate they were approximately 23 million LCD televisions shipped in quarter 1. Compared to the first quarter of last year LCD television shipments were up 61%. Penetration of LCD television in the worldwide TV market moved from 45% in the fourth quarter to 48% in the first quarter. Despite the continued news about the US economy, it appears that LCD television sales were strong. We’d like to remind investors that historically TV sales are not usually impacted by recessions. Those who did not see the historical TV sales data presented in our investor meeting in February, we’ve included the slides here for your reference. In short, over the last 30 years, there have been three US recessions and none have impacted television demand. You have to go back to the recession of 1975 to find any meaningful impact, and even then, it’s difficult to compare to today’s market with one 35 years ago. First, there were only 30 million televisions sold versus over 200 million today. Second, the TV purchase back then represented more than 10% of an average consumer’s disposable income versus less than 5% today. Investors should also note the concerns about a potential recession have been around since last October, not just the last 3 months. Q4 retail sales for LCD TVs were also very robust and they were strong again in Q1. So, in summary, we’re not seeing the current US economic uncertainty impact the LCD TV sales. Retail data also suggests that the notebook sales were very robust in Q1. About 31 million were shipped in the first quarter which was higher than our expectations. Notebooks are now 47% of all desktops sold, up from 39% a year ago. Starting to view notebooks as a disposable product, given most consumers keep them for just a few years now, supports well for glass demand. Moving to LCD monitors, about 41 million were shipped in the first quarter, slightly lower than quarter 4. I’d like to remind investors that one of the key data points we look at to gauge to help the supply chain channel is panel pricing. We’ve used sudden changes in panel prices as one potential indicator of the supply chain problem. Investors can obtain biweekly pricing data from a variety of sources. At Corning, we look for significant panel price declines within a short period of time. This could be an indication to panel makers and/or the set makers of building inventory which could signal slower demand further down the supply chain. Through April, panel price declines have been very moderate, especially on TV and notebook panels, and some erosion in monitor panel prices in March, but that was expected. You may recall that panel makers actually increase prices last year on wide screen monitor panels. For the first half of April, monitor panel prices actually increased. I’d like to update you now on our Gen 10 facility. We continue to make excellent progress and are on schedule to begin producing Gen 10 glass samples for Sharp later this year. For those of you with web access, this is a recent picture of our new plant under construction. Investors have also asked us to comment on the recent equipment orders by several panel makers and their announcements to add panel capacity. You may recall our comments from last year when we said there was likely enough panel capacity for 2008 though 2009 looked light. We said investors should expect to see equipment orders and capacity expansion announcements from panel makers, and investors are seeing these now. Investors should note that these announcements are per panel capacity additions in 2009 and 2010. It takes almost 2 years to build a new fab, so the generally long lead time for equipment orders. And as a reminder, we base our decision to add glass capacity on our view of the end market demand, not panel capacity. I’ll wrap up my comments on Display with some thoughts on the Beijing Olympics. This is a topic that resonates with investors as either a potential positive event or a negative one. We are more agonistic. We do not believe sporting events significantly change worldwide television demand, but we are cognizant that these sporting events can influence behavior in the supply chain. In fact, we believe the Olympics could shift a small amount of TV sales from the second half of the first into the second quarter, but not generate additional annual TV sales. As a result, we believe panel makers could receive additional TV panel orders in quarter 2 for the Olympics if they have not already. Panel makers are running at high utilization rates, so these orders may help them maintain those rates. More importantly, we don’t believe the panel makers have forgotten what happened two years ago for the World Cup, but for those who don’t remember, we certainly remind them. Investors should also note there is important distinctions between the World Cup panel inventory build from two years ago and this year’s Olympics related demand. First, panel inventories were much higher on weeks of inventory basis coming into 2006 than they were coming into 2008. Second, 2006 panel makers added these levels by building significant amount of inventory in January, February, March, and April in anticipation of May World Cup demand. At the beginning of 2008, panel inventories were very healthy and the panel makers have not had added fresh inventory in Q1. The other important distinction between 2006 and this year is the timing of the events. In 2006, the World Cup excess inventory had nowhere to go and distributors having very slow retail months of June, July, and August. This year, the Olympics are in August, so if there is excess television inventory, the industry will be heading into the traditionally stronger TV retail season. We’re not suggesting another that an over-build can’t happen; it certainly can, we are providing this commentary today so investors can understand the differences between events and the current market dynamics. Now moving to the Environmental segment, sales in the first quarter were $197 million or 4% increase over fourth quarter sales of $189 million. Auto product sales were $137 million in the first quarter versus $131 million in quarter 4 and an all-time record. Auto sales were driven by strong seasonal volume in North America and Europe. Diesel product sales were $60 million in the first quarter and slightly higher than Q4. Heavy duty diesel sales were up 20% sequentially driven by higher US demand. Light duty diesel sales were lower due primarily to an inventory correction at a customer. Segment net income was $13 million in the first quarter compared to $23 million in the fourth quarter. In comparison to a year ago, Environmental segment sales increased 10% driven by higher auto and diesel volume. Auto sales were up 11% year over year while diesel was up 7%. In the Telecommunication segment, sales in the first quarter were $421 million or 2% lower sequentially, which was lower than we expected. Strong fiber volume and higher fiber-to-premise sales were offset primarily by slow start on several customer projects. Sales of our hardware and equipment products were $207 million in the first quarter, a decrease of 5% sequential. Sales in fiber and cable products in the first quarter were $214 million and consistent with the fourth quarter. Fiber-to-the-home sales, which are primarily hardware and equipment related, were $76 million in the first quarter, an 8% increase compared to quarter 4. First quarter fiber-to-the-premise sales were driven primarily by the strong demand in North America. We also recently began selling our fiber-to-the-premise products to a second customer in Europe. Net income in the Telecom segment was $11 million in the first quarter compared to $12 million in the fourth quarter. Our new Clear Curve technology continues to gain market acceptance. We expect several additional customers to begin product trials in Q2. Regarding Concord, based on current order activity and forecast of the demand, we’re considering bringing additional mothball capacity into production. Investors hopefully noticed we began to separately report our Specialty Materials business as a separate segment. We hope you find the additional transparency to be helpful. Sales in this segment were $83 million in quarter 1 compared to $105 million in quarter 4. Decline was primarily due to lower sales of our advanced optic products. This segment generally has lower sales in quarter 1. In the Life Sciences segment, sales in the first quarter were $81 million, an 11% increase over quarter 4 sales of $73 million, and compared to a year ago, sales were up 7%. Investors should also note our other segments now include development spending including spending on our development programs such as Epic, Green Lasers, and Microreactors. About half of our increase in year-over-year R&D spending is on these programs. Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $80 million, slightly lower than fourth quarter. Silicone segment of the business performed as expected in Q1 with good broad-based global revenue growth of 12%. Margins were pressured earlier in the quarter by an upward surge in the price of few raw materials including methanol. The company was able to offset a portion of raw material increase during the quarter through higher prices. Regarding Hemlock, it is in the process of bringing on new capacity. We expect new production shortly. Investors should see some benefit in the increased capacity in Dow Corning’s results in Q2. Moving to cash, we ended the first quarter with about $3.3 billion in cash and short-term investments. Free cash was a negative $172 million in the first quarter. This is fairly typical given the first quarter usually includes higher working capital outflows. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. Regarding our stock re-purchase program, during quarter 1, we purchased $3 million shares of stock for $62 million. Moving to capital spending, we’re increasing our capital spending plan for 2008. We now expect to spend between $1.8 and $2 billion, up from our original estimate of $1.5 to $1.7 billion. The increase is primarily related to Display and driven by capacity additions, and precious metals price increases. Our original estimate for Displays spending was $800 million to $1 billion; it is now $1.2 to $1.4 billion. Part of the increase is driven by the need to meet a larger 2009 market than we previously expected. As a result, we’re moving up some of our 2009 capacity additions up to earlier next year. It takes us about 6 months to add a tank, some of this capital spending falls in 2008. We’re not prepared at this time to provide a new forecast for 2009. We’re still in the process of updating it. We do expect that the glass market this year will grow at the upper end of our previous 25% to 30% estimate. We’re also adding new tank capacity because demand for our Gorilla glass is growing. Gorilla is a proprietary scratch resistant glass for touch screens and other applications. Currently, our Gorilla glass is manufactured using existing LCD capacity in the United States. While glass composition for Gorilla is very different than LCD, it is made using the same fusion process. Since Display is running at full capacity, we need to replace the capacity being used to produce Gorilla. Investors should also note that the cost of precious metals has risen substantially in the last few months. Precious metals, mainly platinum were used in the forming process. Since the precious metals are not consumed in manufacturing, it is not depreciated. A few years ago, about 15% of the cost at a new glass facility was precious metals; today the cost is closer to 25% to 35%; so it’s a more material portion of our capital spending. Given our strong Q1 performance and even higher Q2 expectations which I’ll cover in a moment, we’re still on track to meet our original goal of at least $500 million of free cash flow this year even with this higher capital spending. This is probably a good time to update you on our tax rate. Last summer, we believe, we began recognizing tax expense on US income no earlier than 2009. At our investor meeting in February, we told you that this could happen as early as this year. We’ve now completed updated analysis on the tax rates, and investors should not expect any major change to our tax rate in 2008. We think it’s likely that the tax rate will increase in 2009, and we believe most outside analysts have been modelling this increased tax rate for 2009. For modelling purposes, we suggest using a rate of 12% to 15% this year and 25% for 2009, and as a reminder, we will not be paying cash taxes in the United States for many years due to our NOLs. I’d like to wrap up by providing our guidance for the second quarter. We expect second quarter sales to be between $1.71 and $1.75 billion. This would represent an increase of more than 20% over last year Q2 sales of $1.4 billion. Our second quarter EPS before special items is expected to be between 47 and 50 cents per share. This would represent a 38% to 47% increase over last year’s quarter 2 EPS excluding specials of 34 cents. Moving down the income statement, we believe gross margins will stay above 50%. SG&A is expected to be approximately 14% of sales and RD&E around 10% of sales in the second quarter. Anticipate equity earnings in the second quarter to be up 10% to 15%, driven by SCP and Dow Corning. Dow Corning equity earnings are expected to increase 15% to 20%, driven by the growth in the silicone business and Hamlock semiconductor. As I mentioned earlier, Hamlock’s results will begin to benefit from new capacity brought online this month. Investors should model approximately $40 million for other income expense. Regarding our tax rate for the second quarter, we expected it to be between 12% and 15%. And lastly, for your modelling purposes, you should again use 1.6 billion shares in the second quarter when calculating the EPS before special items. Now moving to Display outlook, we anticipate our wholly owned business and SCP will continue to run at full capacity in the second quarter. Second quarter glass volume at our wholly owned business is expected to be up 2% to 5% sequentially. Compared to last year, glass demand will be up 28% to 31%. We know several analysts who had Q2’s sequential volume expectations of 6% to 7%. These same analysts have modelled no growth for Q1 versus the 2% growth we achieved. So, we add the quarters together, the second quarter absolute glass volume is at the level they expected. SCP’s volume is expected to grow between 8% and 13% sequentially or up 32% to 38% compared to last year. As a reminder, growth rates can differ by geographic regions since they are based on order rates and the timing of capacity additions at our customers. When you combine Corning and SCP, we expect Q2 volume to grow 6% to 9% sequentially. It’s important for investors to note that our growth estimates for Q2 are higher than the original expectations we had for this quarter earlier this year. And regarding glass pricing, we expect price declines to be consistent with recent quarters at both our wholly owned business and SCP. To wrap up by outlook comments on display, all lights are green. We and SCP are running at full capacity. Our customers continue to run at high utilization rates and inventory of the panel makers is healthy in the aggregate. Panel price declines have been very moderate to date suggesting good sale through of panels to set assemblers. The retail data was current through March and we are seeing no evidence of the US economy impacting LCD TV sales. We anticipate the LCD glass market volume growing to the upper end of our original estimate of 25% to 30%. Glass price declines are expected to be moderate for the remainder of the year, and several panel makers have already asked us about supply during the year 2009. More importantly, as evidenced by our manufacturing performance this quarter, we continue to make excellent progress reducing our costs. We remain confident of our ability to continue to reduce cost further. Now we’re often asked by investors if LCD glass volumes will have normal seasonality this year. Our response has typically been that this industry is so new and is growing and changing so rapidly that there really isn’t a pattern established. As you know, we give guidance one quarter at a time. However, last year, we experienced some volatility in our stock price as investors were making seasonality assumptions for quarters beyond our guidance time. So, we’d like to provide our current thinking, and I stress current, about how the remainder of the quarters will cycle. When we entered the year saying that we felt glass market growth, and I want to stress glass not panels, would be up 25% to 30% for the year. We’re now saying that if we continue to see no impact with the US recession, glass market will be at the upper end of this range. We already used 30% growth for the total year. We would expect 22% of the glass market volume this year to be in Q1, 24% in Q2, 27% in Q3, and 27% in Q4. I want to stress this as the total market, not Corning and SCP, and obviously, we’ve rounded to even percentages. Lastly, this is a forecast. We hope the information is helpful to investors. For your benefit, last year’s pattern; in Q1 was 20%, 24%, 27%, and 29%, and to remind you that last year’s market growth was a larger percent, but similar square feet to this year’s estimated growth. We are seeing a slightly different pattern in 2008 and 2007. The difference in the pattern this year is due to glass and panel demand being stronger earlier in the year to better utilize tight panel making capacity to address peak end market demand in the second half, and as you’ve seen in Q1, we did not see panel fab utilization fall from Q4 like we did in Q1 of 2007. We use a very complex model to develop our cycle. I want to remind investors that inventories can exist at many levels within the supply chain. They can influence the shipments of this industry. Now, turning to Telecommunications, we anticipate second quarter sales to grow more than 10%. Growth will be driven by significant fiber-to-the-home demand and the number of customers as well as the startup of several private network projects. Fiber-to-the-home sales are expected to increase over 20%. In comparison to Q2 of last year, we expect Telecom sales to grow at least 8% excluding the impact of divestitures. We anticipate Environmental segment sales in Q2 to be flat to up 5% sequentially. Segment growth here will be driven by heavy duty diesel shipments to China as they retrofit anticipation of the Olympics as well as the modest improvement in United States. Despite this improvement, we expect Class 8 truck engine production to come in at the lower end of our previous estimated range of 175,000 to 225,000 engines this year. As a result, we now expect diesel sales to grow 15% to 20% this year versus our original expectation of at least 25%. In light duty diesel, we expect shipments to several new European platforms. Auto sales are expected to be lower in Q2. In our Life Sciences segment, we expect sales to increase slightly, especially material segment sales to be up 20% sequentially driven by increased demand for advanced optical glass as well as our new Gorilla glass. One note on the impact of foreign exchange rates on our guidance. Our second quarter guidance is based on a Yen to US Dollar rate of 103. The Yen to Dollar rate would average 2 points higher or lower in the second quarter. We estimate our overall sales and net income after tax would be impacted by about $15 million. Investors should remember also that the Yen averaged 105 in Q1, so if it does average 103 in Q2, our Display sales benefit by about 25 million. Ken?
Kenneth C. Sofio: Thank you Jim. Jan, we’re ready to take some questions now.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press *1. To withdraw your question, press *2. One moment please for our first question. The first question comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. It’s RBC. Just considering the positives glass data on the first half and some moving parts in the second half and your thoughts of adjust to seasonality, are you considering the additional capacity coming on from your competitors or you’re just factoring in your productions so that we don’t potentially have excess supply during the back half?
James B. Flaws: I didn’t totally follow your question, but we do look at our competitors, their announcements, and what we think their expectations with capacity coming on, and we see no fundamental change in their plans versus our expectations. So, generally, we think that the glass industry is by and large growing capacity about the rate of what we think the Yen market is.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And Jim, so to be sure we’re not expecting a down sequential September quarter, it’s more moderate with sequential growth, is that how we should look at it for Corning?
James B. Flaws:  That’s correct.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. And lastly, just on gross margins, lot of improvements there, any thoughts on the rate of gross margin improvements – it seems you’re recognizing a lot of efficiencies.
James B. Flaws:  We’re delighted with gross margins being where they are, and frankly, I’d love to keep them at this level for quite a long time.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you gentleman. Good luck!
Operator:  CJ Muse of Lehman Brothers. Your line is open.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess I wanted to probe a little bit deeper on the gross margin side – it looks like your net margins were up about 500 basis points on Display suggesting maybe 200, 300 improvement on the Display side – is that in the right ballpark?
James B. Flaws:  Our gross margins did improve in Display, we’re not giving the absolute number.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Okay, I guess in terms of the overall strength Jim, was Telecom in there as well or was it just Display that drove the uplift.
James B. Flaws:  It’s primarily Display; Telecom was actually a slight contractor for us in Q1.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Okay, and I guess, lastly on the line of gross margins, do you think that that level or close to that level is sustainable throughout the year given your visibility to ongoing cost reductions?
James B. Flaws:  I think we’ll be able to maintain the high corporate margins and Display margins during the course of the year; of course in any given quarter, we can have changes as we cycle through various maintenance and other things, but if pricing remains moderate, glass demand as we’ve expected, we expect to have a very strong year for Display gross margins.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Okay, and I guess moving on to your raising the volume to the high end of the range, three months ago, you gave us a 25% to 30%, what has happened in the last 3 months to give you confidence that it will be the high end – is it your view of panel shortages, is it that you’ve contracted glass through the second half of the year, can you provide a little bit more color considering the macro backdrop that we’re seeing?
James B. Flaws:  It really is what we’re seeing at retail that we continue to see very strong demand, obviously when we gave you 25% to 35%, we had some assumptions based on what we thought would flow through; it isn’t all just the supply chain, but it is actually end-market demand, and now three months into the year, and what appears to be the challenging economy for people, yet the demand remains very strong worldwide for LCD television, so that’s what is leading us to be moving it up to the 30% level; it’s really our view of end-market demand.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Gotcha. And the last question from me; on the other income line – I came in a little late – you talked about royalty revenues being sustainable – what drove that to being flat, I guess, in Q1?
James B. Flaws:  It really is based on the primary thing there on royalty, it is really from SCP, and obviously they didn’t have real volume growth there; so as they see volume growth, we see royalty income will grow more in tune to what their revenues are.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Right, but I thought you guys reported $1 million of other income?
James B. Flaws:  Yeah, and that’s a whole bunch of things in there, so that’s the net of other income, other expense, and we had some other items in there, particularly we had some losses on FX hedges related to the balance sheet hedges that we put in place with the extreme volatility we saw in the month of March and also that our balance sheet itself turned out to be a little different than what we originally expected. We thought we were hedging – that we had some FX losses of about a penny in there, so there was that and just some miscellaneous and some minor expense, but nothing significant on an ongoing basis.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers:  Great, very helpful thank you.
Operator: Nikos Theodosopoulos of UBS, your line is open.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: Yes thank you. I have a couple of questions. On the gross margin for LCD, you gave Jim the impact on net income on the Dollar-Yen exchange rate, both sequentially and year-over-year, which is quite helpful. Does that also flow through gross margin? In other words, is that where you see it on your income statement? And if so – or if only part of it’s there – what’s happening to gross margin in LCD sequentially and year-over-year if you strip out the currency movement?
James B. Flaws: We have two currency impacts on the gross margin – one is obviously overall translation of the absolute number which is a benefit therefore. Some of the impact that I talked about is falling at gross margin – that’s obviously where we make our money. Then also, we got a little bit of improvement in the margin percent by how it fell between the combinations of the British currencies that our costs are based in, but are not all identical with our sales in Yen. So probably approaching one percentage point of our corporate gross margin came from FX improvement.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: Okay. Alright, that’s 1% - you are referring to the sequential change.
James B. Flaws: That’s correct Nikos.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: Okay. So if you look at the operational aspects of the LCD business, it sounds like it has still improved sequentially – just maybe a part of it was currency, but you still had some operational improvements. Is that fair?
James B. Flaws: That’s correct. We had outstanding manufacturing performance in Display, obviously reaping the benefit of running full which as we’ve told you many times is key to us for our success. We continue to reap benefit from Eagle XG. You may recall that even though we’re fully converted in their wholly-owned business, we’re still exploiting the benefits this glass gives to us. So, we were delighted by our manufacture in quarter one.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: Okay. And just a quick question on Telecom. Your commentary about projects being slower in the first quarter – can you elaborate on that? Was that a global phenomenon? Was it one or two customers? Just trying to understand what happened there and why do you think it comes back in the second quarter? Thank you.
James B. Flaws: Well, Nikos, it’s in two segments – both public network and private. Let’s deal with public first. The good news is that we are developing new fiber-to-the-premise customers, especially in Europe. But there’s some regulatory uncertainty into the mix here. The EU has commented that they’re not going to have their final decision until October, and this has caused some of the new fiber-to-the-premise customers that we’ve yet to announce to delay a little bit on this startup. We’d expect that to stay relatively delay here to the first half. On the premises side, it’s just major data center projects here and there, and those are to timing related, I think the fiber-to-the-home ones are also timing related, but I think we’ll get the uptake in Quarter 2 primarily from the premises stuff as well as the strength we’re anticipating in fiber-to-the-home and some other regions. So, overall, we feel our operations guys feel really good about the fundamental strength here and they view the Quarter 1 moves more as a noise than any sort of fundamental signal.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: The delay in the premise going into 2Q is not tied to any potential new products you might be coming out with, and the customers are pausing. It’s not tied to that, it’s just tied to their own…
James B. Flaws:  Yeah I think it’s just tied, a big complex projects, when you ship them, etc., because we don’t see anything really significant driving their behavior.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Steven Fox of Merrill Lynch, your line is open.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi good morning. Two questions please, first of all on Dow Corning; could you talk a little bit about the sequential change in the coming quarter – how much is exactly due to Hamlock as opposed to the core silicone’s business and has your outlook on the core part of Dow Corning changed at all with the economy, and then I’ll have a followup?
James B. Flaws:  The majority of the increase in Quarter 2 was coming from the Silicone’s part, I mean Hamlock will go up but the ramp has just started, actually as we speak right now, so there isn’t that much that is coming on. We’ll see greater benefit from Hamlock in Q3 and Q4, but really is in the Silicone’s business. We have not seen really an economic impact on Dow Corning’s silicones at this point in time other than the obvious certain industries that they sell into, for example, like construction, but you have to remember that their business is very much a worldwide business – I mean when we think about, it is not perfect per sense, but basically a third Asia, a third North America, and a third Europe, and so in some places they have seen some slow down, but overall, the volume is looking fairly good as we actually now know where we stand pretty much at the end of the month of April.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch:  Great, and then just one more question on the gross margins – Jim with your outlook of greater than 50%, what are the risks to gross margins not being flat in this quarter given that you have higher unit volumes in the LCD glass business?
James B. Flaws:  It really is the mix of Telecom which is obviously a lower gross margin. It would be maintenance on tanks, those would be the potential downsides to it, so the upside is continued very strong volume and good running in the LCD business. Diesel is perhaps a slight drag because we just don’t see any pickup at all really in the heavy duty truck business, and we obviously anticipated having more demand there.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch:  Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  Curtis Woodworth, of J.P. Morgan, your line is open. 
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Hi good morning. In terms of Hemlock, can you comment on what capacity you expect to bring online this year? Is it still the 3000 tons and is it right to think that most of that comes online in the third quarter.
James B. Flaws:  I think officially we stated going to a run rate of 14.5 on metric tons. I think it’s possible they could do a little bit better than that. It’s all on by the end of the year, and you really start to see substantial impact in Q3.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan:  And what would your capacity plans be for 2009 for Hemlock?
James B. Flaws:  It may go up to 17.5 as a stated number. They’re obviously trying very hard to bring it up earlier if they can, and but that’s the stated growth that they’ve given out publicly.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan:  And I think you’ve commented that a lot of your capacity has already been pre-sold, is that prices – in terms of thinking about an ASP for that volume, should be relatively kind of flat – looking out this year and next year, or should you see some price benefit?
James B. Flaws:  We really don’t get much price benefit, actually we have a negative pricing Quarter 1 because some of the capacity we’ve brought on earlier we now had to switch over to contracted pricing and there actually was a margin to pressure on Hemlock in Quarter 1 versus Quarter 4, and we’ve always known that it would be coming. By and large you won’t see much change of pricing going forward now. Almost everything that comes on is all under contract. The only time we get the advantage of spot prices is when it comes up early and obviously they recognize that, so when we can we try to bring it up early, but generally, our future is kind of known in terms of pricing at Hemlock. By the way it remains a very good business at these contract prices.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan:  Yeah for sure, and in terms of the global market, is it still extremely tight and do you have any opinion on other players that made announcements and players that are going to bring on pretty sizable amounts of global capacity over the next couple of years – just curious to see how you think the supply-demand balance is going to play out in the near term and maybe 2 years from now.
James B. Flaws:  Our point of view is that demand for poly remains very tight and will remain so for several years, and I think you’ve seen a series of announcements even from respected players in the industry having trouble bringing up new capacity, and this is really hard to do. In terms of people who have never brought up capacity, they remain in a lot more announcements than reality there. There have been some of them who have started up production, but demand continues to be very very strong unless you see some change statement in either tax subsidies in various places around the world, oil dropping down below substantially, and no one is being worried about carbon footprint. I don’t think you have to worry about poly over-supply until towards the end of this decade, and it’s at that point in time that you could come into a point where there is more capacity than demand. I hesitate to call that too accurately given that this is marked and is growing at over 30% per year, but that would be the concern, and that’s one of the reasons why we structured our contracts the way we did.
Wendell P. Weeks:  And to build on that, as I think you know, it’s one of the reasons that we ask our customers who are the most established players in the business to literally give us the billions of dollars that it takes to do this capacity, and in return we give them long-term supply contracts at established prices, so we feel pretty good about the risk positioning in this business at this time. 
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan:  Right, and one last question on SG&A – you know it’s down 140 basis points this quarter in 1Q, and I think almost 300 over a 2-year period and then your second quarter guidance of 14% is almost a 200-basis point year on year benefit – do you think you can continue to see that type of SG&A leverage in the business? Are there any FX considerations there and what are your thoughts going forward?
James B. Flaws:  So I just would point out I think you’re on one element, I mean clearly FX is a little bit of a benefit – the Yen was at 119 a year ago and 105 in quarter 1, and most of our SG&A expenses are in dollars, they are not in Yen, so we get some benefit of that on a percentage basis. That being said, we are continuing to maintain our fundamental approach to this which is excluding FX changes it is our goal to let SG&A grow no more than half the rate of our real sales increase, and that’s the goal and the commitment that we’ve made and think we can continue to do that certainly for this year.
Curtis Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Great, thank you.
Operator:  Jeff Evanson of Sanford Bernstein, your line is open.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. What is currently the Eagle XG mix at SCP?
James B. Flaws:  Currently it’s more than half of the volume.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Great, thanks – unrelated question – you mentioned that you had won some new light diesel platforms in Europe, wondering if these are at the same manufacturers you currently sell to or if these are new manufactures?
James B. Flaws:  Both, but also some new light duty diesel customers.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Great, and in Europe, diesel enjoys on order of 50% of passenger car and overall light duty sales. Some are due to the big discrepancy between Europe and US is due to the high gas prices that have been in Europe for a long time and we’re now seeing here. Does what we’re seeing in gas prices in the US make you more optimistic about the opportunity for light duty in the US?
James B. Flaws:  Yes, though it’s a complicated question. I mean you have both the infrastructure to distribute the diesel, you have the different tax policies play out in Europe to get the higher fuel economy tilted of the balance to be a little more in favor of diesel, and then you actually have sort of reputation of the technology. In the US, we had a bad diesel experience way back when they first introduced it here, not at all similar what they have in Europe where really the true high-performance cars are all diesel. So, yeah, we’re optimistic longer term that diesel is going to play an increasing role in the engine plants here in the US, but it’s going to take time Jeff. 
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: And last question is, you mentioned that you’re now seeing some evidence that 2009 LCD glass demand may be higher than you expected a few months ago and therefore you’re accelerating CapEx into 2008, so you’ll be ready in early 2009. What are some of the factors that go into that?
James B. Flaws:  Primarily driven by television. We’re seeing television being ahead of what our expectations were and that’s the primary thing. We haven’t yet determined some of the long-term factors that Pete Volanakis went through very eloquently at the demise of CRTs, the rise of emerging markets televisions for home, etc. We’re starting to get a sense that some of that may be coming true. It’s just a little hard to pick up on a quarter by quarter basis, but clearly the demise of CRTs is happening very rapidly.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Great, and one quick question on it though is to the extent there is a demise in CRTs, if we guess that, the diagonal size of the CRTs are roughly related to what they might buy in LCDs. That would suggest that there is potentially a new demand peak coming in the small sizes. Do you that would be satisfied with Gen 6 and Gen 7 capacity or that people will use higher generations and just make more cuts?
James B. Flaws: We agree that they are going to be make below 32’s, I think you’ll be right there. We obviously saw even in the fourth quarter more small size televisions being sold than what we originally forecasted. I think the real question is because of the 4 x 3 to 16 x 9 change with the height thing, people do actually move up. If you previously had a 27, you’ll put a 32 in based on just the height, but we definitely saw more 26-inch LCDs sold in quarter 4.
Wendell P. Weeks:  One of the things that has been an interesting trend to build on Jim’s point is we’re seeing the use of even larger Gen sizes for smaller TV sizes than we would have thought once upon a time, and they’re driving very nice glass utilization here and very nice efficiency and good cost performance, so they’re getting more and more flexible on how they use it, and I think it’s overall very positive trend for us pushing the industry in the direction of our strength, which is very large size, very high performance glasses.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein:  Great, thanks guys.
Operator:  John Harmon of Needham & Company, your line is open.
John Harmon - Needham & Company:  Hi, good morning.
James B. Flaws:  Good morning.
John Harmon, Needham & Company:  Just a couple of questions please – this reflects on an earlier question. Given that you’ve been sold out – you were sold out in Q1 and sold out a t present and not able to build inventory, is it that fact that would cause you to add capacity in order to increase your plan or is it driven by your end-market analysis that causes you to bring some of the ’09 capacity into ’08?
Wendell P. Weeks: For us, it’s always our view of the end market, John.
John Harmon - Needham & Company:  Right.
Wendell P. Weeks: We try and not to let the short-term supply chain of what our customers do directly to impact what we choose to do with capacity. We base it on our version of what we believe the end market to be.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Okay, thank you, and what percentage of your fiber volume was classified as premium, and if certain access programs really do take off and you get the customers you think you’ll get, could this number really exceed the 5% to 10% range again?
James B. Flaws: We don’t have any forecast that says that premium fiber moves out of that kind of range at this point in time. Clearly submarine has been more robust over the last 18 months than it was before, but unfortunately it remains a very tiny amount of glass in the undersea cables. We would love to see more multimode in the future and have hopes on that, but we’re not looking for a sudden up tick in the amount of premium fiber.
John Harmon - Needham & Company:  Okay my thinking in the question was if Clear Curve is counted as premium fiber? Whether you are we expecting…
Wendell P. Weeks:  Clear Curve is one of course that we have high hopes for, and it’s just early, okay – it’s just early, it’s going to take a while for this business, for this product line to begin the matter to our overall financials. It’s a radically different product and it’s going into a new application, so that tends to mean for a relatively slow adopt rate, and then hopefully build into a very strong business for us. This can take a little bit of time.
John Harmon, Needham & Company:  Got it, thank you.
Operator:  Ajit Pai of Thomas Weisel Partners, your line is open.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Good morning.
James B. Flaws:  Good morning.
Wendell P. Weeks:  Good morning.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Two quick questions; the first one is about the free cash flows – I think you’ve talked about despite the higher CapEx your projecting that you still expect free cash flows in excess of half a billion dollars. Could you give us some color as to which area you actually expect the extra cash to come from, which businesses?
James B. Flaws:  Primarily display.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: So it would be primarily display. And then the second question would be about when you’re looking at your telecom business right now both in the fiber and then also on the hardware and equipment side, could you give us some color as to what the pricing pressure and competitor dynamics are especially on the hardware and equipment side?
Wendell P. Weeks: 
 :
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners:  And the mix in that business, on the Telecom side between fiber and cable and hardware and equipment, would you expect the fiber and cable business from this point onwards to be growing much faster than the hardware and equipment side?
Wendell P. Weeks:  No, I wouldn’t say so because if we continue to be successful with fiber-to-the-premise, that’s going to have a more significant part of the revenue would be hardware and equipment, and it would be fiber and cable.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Got it, so then the margin assumptions we’d be looking at for that business in a go-forward basis is that we broadly would be expecting all the incremental gross margins do to sort of get reflected in about the same expansion in operating margins. Is that a fair assumption?
Wendell P. Weeks:  What we should probably do and I haven’t seen update recently what our mix of split is for fiber-to-the premise between hardware and equipment, cable, and fiber will do. We’ll update that here and make that public information so that you guys can have a better idea of your modeling purposes.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Got it, thank you.
Operator:  Carter Shoop from Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank:  Good morning, I wanted to ask a couple of quick questions on the LCD supply chain – if you look at your customer’s balance sheets and inventory levels there, they’re clearly very low relative to the historical levels in the first quarter. I was hoping that you guys could provide a little bit extra color in regards to how you see glass inventory at your customer’s. Do you have any color there that you can divide in regards to how that’s trending relative to historical perspectives?
James B. Flaws:  Yeah, I would say that inventories at our customer’s compared to and history a long time, but certainly at this point in time of the year compared to ‘07 and ‘06, it’s substantially lower, and that’s been reflected. In quarter 1, we actually air-shipped a little, but we were really desperate to get it, so we don’t see any glass building up at panel makers. I think the cumulative including all the inventories added about a week from the beginning of the year to the end of the first quarter and they still remain well below where they were a year ago.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank:  Do you have a sense on how much it was increased in ‘07 or ‘06 from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter?
James B. Flaws:  In ‘07, it was a similar amount, but they came in higher. In ’06, it was 2 weeks.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank:  Great, thanks. In regards to SEC, you mentioned that a lower tax rate helped there. Can you quantify what that change was?
James B. Flaws:  I think they were about 10% in Q1, but we were expecting it to be between 14% and 15% for the full year; it really was an adjustment of some accruals that we have made last year where we hadn’t finalized our numbers. So for the full year, it should be between 14% and 15%.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank:  Great. And with the FX hedges, it sounds like that was about a penny head-wind there. Was that more of the volatility of the Yen or was that more the decline and then what does that mean on a go-forward basis, are we going to continue to see losses there if the Yen continues to decline?
James B. Flaws:  No you should not see those same losses in the other income/other expense. It was extraordinary volatility in 1 month and also we have hedged against the balance sheet and we had big changes in the balance sheet within the quarter and so you should not see those repeat every quarter going forward.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank:  Great, the last question, the specialty materials division is a new division this quarter, any way to give us a little bit of color in regards to expectations there for the full year in regards to both revenue growth and margins?
Wendell P. Weeks:  We’re not going to give you a view on the full year, what I will say is on quarter 2 we do expect that segment sales to be up about 20% sequentially which should be driven by our increased demand for the advanced optical glasses as well as our new Gorilla glass which is doing very well.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Is there any seasonality in that business?
Wendell P. Weeks:  We’re actually adding some capacity related to Gorilla, so we’re very happy with its progress
James B. Flaws: But we do expect year over year growth for this segment in total. The quarters in this segment are much more volatile than some of our other businesses, but we are looking for year over year growth driven by Gorilla glass.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank:  Great, thank you.
Wendell P. Weeks:  Jan, we’re going to squeeze in one more call.
Operator:  John Roberts of Birmingham Research, your line is open.
Wendell P. Weeks:  John, are you there? (Pause)
Wendell P. Weeks:  I’ll tell you what, we’re running late anyway, and we’ll pass over to Jim for some final comments.
James B. Flaws:  I have a few IR related announcements and also a couple of closing comments. Ken and I will be in Dallas on May 1st to meet with investors and answer their questions at an open investor luncheon. If you are interested in attending, please call Ken. Peter F. Volanakis, our President and Chief Operating Officer, will be presenting at the J.P. Morgan Conference in Boston on May 19th, Wendell will be presenting at the Burstein Strategic Growth Conference on May 29th, and on June 16th and 17th, Ken and I will be hosting open investor luncheons in Denver and Minneapolis, and again, if you’re interested, please call Ken. We hope investors were pleased with our start in 2008. Our first quarter results were strong. Our second quarter expectations have exceeded the estimates on Wall Street. Based on our second quarter guidance, our first half sales would be over 20% growth over the first half of last year and EPS to be up over 50% last year without special items. Most of this growth is driven by our display business--a business we strongly feel will continue to grow well into the next decade. We know there continues to be short-term concerns about LCD television demand in this economy. As I said earlier, we’ve been living in this economic slowdown for more than 6 months and have not seen any impact to LCD television sales. Longer-term, there are some investors who believe this business only has a year or two of growth remaining. This is obviously not our view. Some view display as a young business, but one that will be old with no growth by 2010. We question this thinking. LCD televisions today represent only 8% of the 1.9 billion televisions in homes worldwide. We believe this percent will continue to rise substantially over the next number of years. Number of televisions per household especially in developing countries is also low. Due to the very slim form, LCD television is being placed in rooms where they had not been traditionally, like kitchens, bathrooms, and guest bedrooms. This is increasing the number of televisions per home around the world. In China, a country with 400 million homes, there are only 1.1 TVs on average per home. We believe there will be substantial growth in China and other developing countries. One more interesting fact - China has larger average televisions than any place else in the world. In summary, we believe the number of TVs per home will increase around the world, and most will be LCD televisions, especially as the CRT market continues to collapse. Last year about 40% of the world CRT glass making capacity was taken out by CRT makers; this trend will continue. In the US, it has become increasing difficult to even find a CRT. If you haven’t tried, next time you’re in an electronic store, discount wholesaler, try to find one; this isn’t easy. We believe this same trend is taking place around the world. LCD is clearly the technology of choice to replace the CRTs, and we think this will fuel more glass demand. So for investors who spend the time to look at the market trends and do the math calculating the glass opportunity, they will understand the potential size of glass market is substantial but also these trends will take years to play up. We outlined this information at our investor day in February and urge investors to revisit that presentation. In closing, we remain optimistic about our prospects both short-term and long-term and hope investors will share that optimism.
Kenneth C. Sofio: Thank you, Jim and thank you Wendell. Thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today until 5 p.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, May 13th. To listen, dial 203-369-3844, no password is required. The audio cast is also available on our website during that time. Jan, that concludes our call today. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Ken Sofio – Division Vice President, Investor Relations Jim Flaws – Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer Wendell Weeks – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts: Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS Brian White – Jeffries Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Curt Woodworth – JP Morgan John Anthony – Cowen & Company Mark Sue – RBC Capital Market CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank John Harmon – Needham & Company John Roberts – Buckingham Research Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator: Welcome to the Corning Incorporated Quarter Four Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now I’ll turn your meeting over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Division Vice President, Investor Relations.
Ken Sofio: Good morning and welcome to Corning’s Fourth Quarter Conference Call. This call is also being audio-cast on our website. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, will lead the discussion, and Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will join for the Q&A. Before I turn it over to Jim you should note today’s remarks do contain forward looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company’s SEC reports.
Jim Flaws: Good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the fourth quarter which can be found on our Investor Relations website. In addition, for those of you with web access we’ve posted several slides that will summarize important data from this mornings prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our website after our call as well. Overall our fourth quarter results were excellent. Let me share with you the key data points and then we can get into detail. We hit all time records in the fourth quarter in net income, excluding specials and in EPS, excluding specials. Gross margin percentage matched the record set in quarter three. We finished the year with operating cash flow and free cash flow that were all time records. Demand for glass was strong throughout quarter four and both our wholly owned business and SCP ran at full capacity. Inventory levels appear healthy leading into 2008. Evidence suggests retail sales of televisions in the US were very strong last quarter. Although we’re not recession proof we currently see no evidence of an economic downturn impacting our display business. Let’s go to the details starting with our income statement. Our fourth quarter sales were $1.58 billion and exceeded the top end of our guidance range. More importantly fourth quarter sales were 16% higher than a year ago. EPS excluding special items was $0.40 and at the top end of our revised guidance range. This represents a 29% increase over fourth quarter EPS excluding specials of $0.31 a year ago. Net income excluding special items was $643 million an increase of 32% over last years net income excluding special items. You should note that EPS and net income excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. Our fourth quarter sales benefited from the strengthening of the Yen and the US Dollar exchange rate by $31 million and another $11 million due to the strengthening of the Euro in comparison in quarter three. The Yen to US Dollar averaged $1.18 in quarter three and $1.13 in quarter four. EPS benefited by about $0.02 per share as expected in our revised guidance. Versus last year our fourth quarter sales benefited by $51 million from movement in Yen and Euro and EPS benefited by about a penny and a half. Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in the fourth quarter was 47.8% and consistent with our third quarter. SG&A was $257 million and 16% of sales as expected. RD&E in the fourth quarter was $153 million and 10% of sales also as expected. Equity earnings were $267 million in the fourth quarter compared to $239 million in the third quarter. The increase is primarily due to volume growth in a positive foreign exchange impact at Samsung Corning Precision. Fourth quarter equity earnings included net special charges at Samsung Corning CRT of $14 million. There are also similar special charges totaling $18 million in the third quarter. Our tax rate in the fourth quarter was 10% and slightly lower than our guidance of 12%. Wrapping up our income statement our share count for the fourth quarter was 1.6 billion shares. We had three special items in quarter four; the first was after tax gain of $103 million to reflect the release of valuation of certain deferred assets in Germany, we had expected this item. The second was a pre-tax and after-tax net charge of $15 million related to the Pittsburg Klein Litigation. The charge included a gain of $17 million reflecting a decrease in the market value of Corning common stock to be contributed. Corning share price decreased during the quarter from $24.65 to $23.99. This gain was more than offset by $32 million charge related to the increase in the fair value Pittsburg Corning Europe, which is an asset expected to be contributed to the settlement. The value of Pittsburg Corning Europe increased during the quarter due in part to the strengthening of the Euro. The third was the special charges of Samsung Corning CRT that I mentioned a moment ago. Including these special items our fourth quarter EPS was $0.45 per share.  Before I move on to the segment results for the quarter I’d like to recap our financial results for the full year of 2007. Two thousand seven represented our fifth consecutive year of significant growth especially on the bottom line. Let me start with sales, in 2007 our sales reached $5.86 billion an increase of $686 million or 13% over 2006. This represented the third highest annual sales year in our history. Gross margin for the year was 46.9% a significant increase over last years 44.1% and our highest percentage in our history. SG&A was 15.6% of sales and lower percentage of sales than 2006 when it was 16.6%. We are delivering on our commitment to gain operating leverage and keep our SG&A spending growth at less than half the rate of sales growth. Net profit after tax excluding special items was $2.26 billion, an increase of 27% over last year and again an all time record. Earnings per share excluding special items were $1.41 in 2007 or an increase of $0.29 over last year 26% up. As investors I hope you were as pleased with our financial results in 2007 as we were. Now I’ll turn to our segment results for the fourth quarter. I’ll start with the Display segment which had an outstanding quarter. Fourth quarter sales were $774 million and 10% higher than Q3. Volume was up 7% sequentially and higher than our guidance range. Given the continued strong demand throughout the quarter our operations ran at full capacity and we sold glass out of our inventory again. Price declines were moderate and in line with our strategy. Segment sales also benefited significantly from the strength of the Yen during the quarter. As a reminder all of our glass is sold in Yen, pricing guidance we provide is on a Yen per square foot basis. As a result, changes in the Yen to Dollar exchange rate don’t impact our pricing discussion. Gross margin for the Display segment remained consistent with the previous quarter. Equity earnings from SCP were $177 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 11% versus $160 million in quarter three. SCP sequential volume increased 6% in the fourth quarter which was also higher than anticipated. As expected price declines at SCP in the fourth quarter were in line with our wholly owned business. SCP’s results also benefited from the strength of the Yen during the quarter. For modeling purposes SCP’s fourth quarter sales were $708 million compared to $635 million in the third quarter. SCP’s gross margin increased slightly on strong manufacturing performance and moderate price declines. Net income in the total Display segment which includes equity earnings is $580 in the fourth quarter increase of 7% compared to the third quarter. In comparison to the fourth quarter of last year sales in our Display segment increased 25% led by volume gains of 31%. Price declines were just 7% and the movement of the Yen to US Dollar exchange rate was favorable. SCP’s equity earnings were up 20% over quarter four 2006. Segment net income grew 26% versus last year. Looking back at 2007 our Display had an absolutely outstanding year. Sales were $2.6 billion, an increase of 23% over last year. Volume in our wholly owned business grew 38% and price declines were only 11%. We are very pleased with how successful our pricing approach worked this year. The impact of foreign exchange was slightly unfavorable for the year. SCP also had an outstanding year, sales were $2.4 billion compared to $2.1 billion last year. SCP’s volume grew 39% for the year and price declines were 15%. Segment net income for the year was $2 billion, an increase of 23% over 2006. I’d like to spend a few minutes discussing the supply chain starting with LCD panels. In general panel makers ran at peak utilization rates through the end of quarter four. Although panel shipments were sequentially lower in both November and December panel shipment were up 11% quarter three to quarter four on an area basis. We believe their continuing strong run rates reflect an attempt to build some panel inventory. In fact we believe that panel inventories measured weak supply are lower heading into 2008 than they were heading into 2007. Our conversations with panel makers indicate they continue to run at high utilization rates. We are anticipating that at some point in February these rates could fall slightly as some panel maker scale back for the Chinese New Year. However, some panel maker have recently stated publicly they expect to run at high utilization rates throughout quarter one. On the retail side we have only limited data at this time. As usual our insight into what happened in the US market fourth quarter is more robust than our insight into the worldwide market. Our preliminary data suggests the end market demand remains strong. In fact, our fourth quarter research indicates end market demand for IT and television was stronger than our previous forecast. As always, I’d like to stress that our fourth quarter market information is only preliminary at this time. This data represents our view in this based on a variety of sources. Be clear, the data that I am going to reference here relates to shipment from PC manufacturers and television monitor set makers to retailers. Starting with notebooks, about 31 million were shipped in the fourth quarter, higher than our expectations and a 6% increase versus the third quarter. LCD monitors about $43 million were shipped in the fourth quarter consistent with our expectations and the third quarter. Moving to LCD televisions about 27 million units were shipped compared to 20 million in the third quarter. Penetration of LCD television into the worldwide TV market moved from 39% in the third quarter to 44% in the fourth quarter. While the final worldwide retail data will not be available for a few more weeks we saw some very positive data points in LCD television sales in the week leading up to Christmas in the United States. MPD an outside industry group reported that LCD television sales for that week increased 45% on a unit basis and 51% on a revenue basis compared to the same week a year ago. The mix of LCD televisions were weighted towards larger much more expensive sizes. Conversely during the same week plasma sales were down 12% on a unit basis and down 20% on a revenue basis. This data supports our belief that LCD televisions did very well in the 40” to 50” market in the week leading up to Christmas here in the United States. As a result of our preliminary estimates for quarter four we believe approximately 77 million LCD televisions were shipped worldwide in 2007. This is an increase from our estimates of 75 million televisions just a few months ago and up substantially from our original estimate of 7 million sets heading in to 2007. Regarding US consumers, we continue to see no evidence that economic concerns are decreasing their appetite for LCD televisions.  Moving to an update on our total family class mix, mix of Gen five and higher in the fourth quarter was 90% and higher than the third quarter. Mix of Gen five point five, six, seven and eight glass was 60% in the fourth quarter and much higher than the third quarter. I’ll wrap up Display by commenting on EAGLE XG glass, as you may recall we entered 2007 with only 30% of our production converted. We are extremely pleased to have reached our goal of 100% by the end of the year. At SCP 50% of their production was converted to EAGLE XG at year end, they are on track to be 100% converted this year. Peter Volanakis, Chief Operating Officer will provide additional detail about the Display business at our annual investor meeting on February 8th. Now moving to the Environmental segment, sales in the fourth quarter were $189 million slight decrease from the third quarter sales of $198 million. Auto product sales were $131 million in the fourth quarter and slightly higher than the third quarter. We were pleasantly surprised by the strength of Auto in Q4 which is typically the seasonally worst quarter. Sales were driven by strong demand in Asia; 131 million auto sales were also an all time record for quarter four. Diesel product sales were $58 million in the fourth quarter and lower than the third quarter sales of $72 million. Declines are a reflection of sluggishness in the US trucking industry.  Segment net income was $23 million in the fourth quarter compared to $14 million in the third quarter. In comparison to a year ago the Environmental segment sales increased 22% driven by higher auto and diesel volume. Auto sales were up 25% year over year while diesel was up 16%. We were extremely delighted with the results from both Auto and Diesel in the full year of 2007. Auto sales were $508 million an all time record an increase of 13% over 2006. Diesel sales were $249 million, an increase of 52% over 2006. Segment net income was $60 million in 2007 that’s significant improvement over 2006 net income of only $7 million. Tom Hinman, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Diesel will provide more information about Diesel at the annual investor meeting. In the Life Sciences segment sales in the fourth quarter were $75 million and slightly lower in the third quarter as expected. Segment incurred a loss in the fourth quarter of $5 million primarily due to higher operating expenses related to Epic. For the full year sales were $307 million, an increase of 7% over last year and an all time record. Profitability of the segment also improved. In Telecommunications sales for the fourth quarter were $430 million or 9% lower sequentially as expected. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year Telecom sales were up 6%, they were up 16% if you exclude the impact of the divestitures. Sales of hardware and equipment products were $217 million in the fourth quarter a decrease of 7% sequentially. Sales in our Fiber and Cable products in the fourth quarter were $213 million a decrease of 10% sequentially. Fiber to premise sales which are primarily Hardware and Equipment related were $70 million in the fourth quarter compared to $83 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter fiber to premise sales reflected seasonably lower sales in North America offset by increased demand from Europe. Compared to the fourth quarter a year ago Fiber to premise sales were up 37%. Net income in Telecom segment was $12 million in the fourth quarter compared to $27 million in the third quarter. For the year Telecommunications segment sales were up 3% however excluding the divestiture of our non-strategic cabling business in Q2 of ’07 and the transfer of our Japanese business to an equity venture in 2006 Telecom sales were up 10% for the year. Positive movements in exchange rates, primarily the Euro did impact sales by $37 million for the year. Segment net income for the year was $108 million compared to $7 million in 2006. As a reminder 2006 net income was impacted by a $44 million restructuring charges and 2007 benefited from a $19 million one time gain. Excluding these one time items, Telecom’s 2007 net income increased by 75%. We are extremely pleased with the overall performance of our Telecom segment this year. Now let me take a moment to update you on ClearCurve, pilot production of ClearCurve fiber has begun. In December we completed our first commercial shipments of ClearCurve. In addition, the initial test trials by Verizon in multiple-dwelling units or MDU’s in New York City were completed. Feedback from these trials was very positive. We expect another round of trials in New York City to begin shortly. We continue to receive very strong interest in ClearCurve from other players in the telecom industry. Larry Aiello, CEO of Corning Cable Systems will provide additional information on the market opportunities for ClearCurve at our annual investor meeting. Lastly, you should note that we have completed the partial re-opening of Concord and are manufacturing product there. We’ve been very pleased with manufacturing performance of the plant so far. In our other segments sales in the fourth quarter were $114 million, an increase of 14% sequentially.  Turning to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $84 million slightly higher than the third quarter. As a reminder third quarter results included a one time tax charge of $4 million related to revalue UK deferred tax assets. Dow Corning did see significantly higher raw material costs in quarter four. I’ll talk more about this in our outlook section. We were very pleased with Dow Corning’s 2007 performance. Sales topped $4.9 billion, an increase of 13% over 2006; net profit excluding specials was 14% of sales. Both sales and earnings were records for Dow Corning. Equity earnings from Dow Corning totaled $345 million, an increase of 15% over 2006 excluding special items. Investors should note that equity earnings from Dow Corning represent 16% or $0.22 per share of our earnings this year. Cash dividends from Dow Corning total $130 million in 2007.  Moving to cash we ended the fourth quarter with about $3.5 billion in cash and short term investments up from $3.3 billion at the end of the third quarter. Free cash flow was $346 million in the fourth quarter, for the year free cash flow was $806 million, much higher than original estimates and another all time record for Corning. Operating cash flow was over $2 billion for the year another record. Regarding our stock repurchase program during quarter four we purchased approximately five million shares of stock for $125 million. I’d like to wrap up by providing our guidance for the first quarter and some commentary about 2008. We expect first quarter sales to be between $1.59 and $1.62 billion this would represent an increase in 23% and 26% increase over last years Q1 sales of $1.3 billion. Our first quarter EPS before special items is expected to be between $0.41 and $0.43 per share this would represent a 45% to 54% increase over last years Q1 EPS excluding specials of $0.28. Moving down the income statement we believe gross margin has the potential to increase in quarter one to 49%. SG&A is expected to be approximately 14% to 15% of sales and RD&E is expected to be around 10% of sales in the first quarter. We anticipate equity earnings in the first quarter to be consistent with the fourth quarter excluding $14 million in net special charges at Samsung Corning. Dow Corning equity earnings are expected to be 5% to 10% lower sequentially as higher raw material prices are impacting the results. They will be moving to raise prices to recover these costs. Regarding our tax rate for the first quarter its expected to be between 12% and 15%. Lastly for your modeling purposes you should again use 1.6 billion shares for the first quarter and calculating EPS before special items. Moving to our Display outlook, we anticipate our wholly owned business and SCP will continue to run at full capacity in the first quarter. First quarter glass volume will likely be consistent meaning plus or minus a point or two with the fourth quarter for both. This guidance is consistent with announcement made by several panel makers who stated they will continue to run at high utilization rates throughout quarter one. We believe panel inventories were low heading into January and there’s a need to replenish, we’ll begin to build inventory in preparation for seasonal demand later in the year. In addition, panel makers may decide to keep their first quarter utilization slightly higher in anticipation of additional television demand from the Beijing Olympics. Consistent glass volume in quarter one would result in year over year growth of about 45%. Regarding quarter one glass pricing, we expect price decline to be consistent with recent quarters. It’s very important for investors to note based on our quarter one volume guidance we do not expect quarterly growth rates near 2007, if you’ll recall our volume declined 13% in quarter one last year. Our forecast indicates that glass demand will not increase or decrease significantly on a quarter to quarter basis given the relative tightness in the glass and panel markets. Absent any impact of a weaker economy which I’ll comment on in a minute we expect glass makers and panel makers to be running full out and we expect the demand this year. We’ll provide more detail about the 2008 glass market growth drivers as well as our views on the cycle of the year at our annual investor meeting next week. Moving on to Telecommunications, we anticipate first quarter sales to be up about 5% sequentially. In comparison to Q1 of last year we expect Telecom sales to grow about 10% excluding the impact of divestitures. We anticipate Environmental segment sales in quarter one to be up about 5% with growth in Auto and Diesel. Our Life Sciences Segment we expect sales to increase slightly. Other segment sales are expected to be down 15% to 20% due to normal seasonality. One note on the impact of foreign exchange rates on our guidance. Our first quarter guidance is based on the Yen to US Dollar rate of $1.09. If the Yen/Dollar rate is to average two points higher to lower in the first quarter, we estimate our overall sales in net income after tax would be impacted by about $12 million; this includes the projected impact of our currency hedging. Investors should also remember the Yen averaged $1.13 in quarter four so if the Yen does average $1.09 in quarter one our display sales will benefit by about $24 million.  Before we go to Q&A I’d like to spend a moment to discuss the US economy and how a potential slow down might affect Corning especially our Display business. I want to be exceptionally clear on this topic, we are not forecasting slow down and we have not seen any signs of a slow down in our businesses other than the previously acknowledged sluggishness in the heavy duty truck market. However, we are not ignoring the possibility of a recession. We have researched and are modeling the impact of past recessions on the IT market and on the overall television market. We’ll discuss this in more detail at our annual investor day on February 8th. We have over two thirds of our total company sales from outside the United States. However, it’s clear that a significant portion of LCD glass is driven by the US end market. We estimate that 30% of the glass used for IT ends up in the US market and we know that 30% of LCD televisions sold last year were in the United States. Given Display is currently the most significant growth driver of the company let me focus my commentary on potential impact of the economy there. Investors have focused their questions in two areas; will US consumers slow their purchases of televisions and what would the impact be? And second will US corporations lower their IT spending and what would the impact be? We are not economists, we don’t employ one and we are not forecasting a slow down but we can help you model the impact of a slow down on these segments. You’ll have to develop your own economic assumptions. Let me cover LCD television first and start by telling you that we have not seen any slow down in this market. LCD televisions did very well in the holiday season. Let me walk you through how much glass would be impacted if LCD TV’s slowed in the United States slowed. I suggest you grab a pen and a piece of paper. The average LCD television has about 11 square feet of glass so one million LCD televisions equates to roughly 11 million square feet of glass. About 23 million LCD televisions were sold in the United States in 2007, 2008 we expect that number to be 29 million. As an investor you’ll need to make your own assumption as to how many LCD televisions you believe will be sold. If you were to assume for example that the LCD television market will be flat in the US this loss market growth would equate to about 66 million square feet of glass. As a reminder the total worldwide market the share is expected to be 2.2 billion square feet so a flat US television market in the United States is less than 3% of the worlds demand for glass. I’d like to stress this flat case does not represent our belief only theoretical model to demonstrate the impact to you. It’s possible the impact of technology substitution could help mute some of the affects of potential economic down turn. Now let’s look at corporate IT and made the assumption that US companies decide not to increase their IT spending. To make my point I’ll walk you through the market data again. The entire glass market last year was 1.7 billion square feet, 45% or about 780 million square feet went to IT products such as notebooks and monitors. Of that amount 30% was for IT products sold in the United States or about 230 million square feet. Corporate spending represents 60% of IT purchases in the United States so of the 230 million square feet about 140 million related to corporate purchases. With this data Investors can plug in their assumptions for Corporate IT spending this year. If, for example, you believe spending will be flat this year instead of up 10% that would equate to 14 million square feet of lost market demand or less than 1% of the worlds demand for glass and not very material compared to the total worldwide market for glass. As investors you need to determine your view of the relative of the likelihood of a slow down in LCD television demand or Corporate IT spending in the United States. Hopefully by providing you with the amount of glass in play you’ll be able to accurately model the impact of your own economic forecast. As I indicated we’ll provide more insight into potential impacts of the economy at our investor session. As I noted in the press release we’ll let investors know promptly of any significant changes that we experience. Before I leave this topic I want to remind investors of one of our lessons learned as we discussed in the past. We’ve been very careful about adding fixed costs in relatively good times we’ve enjoyed over the last three years since given the strong incrementals. We will continue to be cautious on spending in this potentially difficult time.
Ken Sofio: We’re ready to take some questions now.
Operator:  We will now begin the question and answer session [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos from UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: I had a question on the gross margin within the LCD wholly owned business. I think you said on the call it was flattish sequentially in the fourth quarter. I’m trying to understand what happened there given the volumes were up and the pricing was as it was in the prior quarter why we didn’t see an uptake there? What’s your expectation on that business going in to the first quarter of 2008 in terms of the gross margin on LCD?
Jim Flaws: The gross margin for the year was up slightly, the quarters are never perfectly smooth we can have additional fixed costs that comes along in manufacturing. We were delighted with the gross margin being the same as it was in quarter three. For 2007 it will be obviously dependent on our ability to continue to hold the moderate price declines and a level of cost reduction. As we’ve said many times we’re not looking for a predicting margin increases here. We’d be delighted frankly to hold this very high gross margin for a long period of time. It will be very dependent on that ratio between pricing and cost reduction. We’re not going to give full year guidance at this stage.
Nikos Theodosopoulos – UBS: Do you have a full year tax rate estimate for ’08? I think in the first quarter you said 12% to 15%. Should we assume that for the full year or is it hard to say at this point?
Jim Flaws: I think that’s a reasonable assumption, I will be discussing more taxes and quite a bit more detail on February 8th. If you had to plug a number in today that probably a good range.
Operator: Brian White from Jeffries your line is open.
Brian White – Jeffries: Could you talk a little bit about pricing for 2008, it sounds like in 2007 pricing was down 11% for the wholly owned and 15% for Samsung Corning Precision, could we expect better pricing in 2008?
Jim Flaws: The pricing of 11% for the full year in our wholly owned business, if you look at the year basis it includes some carry over affect of the steep declines in 2006. I think the fourth quarter is more representative of what we were really trying to accomplish which was down 7% quarter over quarter. Samsung Corning Precision price declines were greater in 2007 at 15% primarily because they had a big catch up in the beginning of 2007. If you go back to 2006 they didn’t decline as much as we did. Clearly what we’re trying to accomplish is to continue this very moderate level of price declines in 2008.
Brian White – Jeffries: When we look at your capex in the Display business for 2008 you said about $800 million to $1 billion for Display and it looks like $400 million would be for 10-G Fab in Japan. Of the remaining $400 to $600 million what percent of that is going to be towards maintenance versus expansion?
Jim Flaws: Maintenance is relatively a small amount of our capital, if you have to repair tanks they do have a limited lifetime but clearly expansion dominates our capital spending. We do expect adding capacity again in 2008 in Taiwan. The other thing that’s impacting our capital is unfortunately the price of platinum for precious metals which we don’t consume but its part of how we make the glass and that’s been up a little. Maintenance is a relatively small amount of the $800 to $1 billion.
Operator: Steven Fox from Merrill Lynch your line is open.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: Going back to the outlook for Q1 at that type of pace it looks like you would be sort of under serving your customers for the full year based on what you talked about previously. Can you talk about the decision timeline for maybe meeting customer demand relative to their expectations and where you sit on that currently?
Wendell Weeks: I wouldn’t necessarily conclude that we don’t think we would be able to keep up with our customers. It is indeed true that quarter one has started very, very strong and we have more demand for our glass than we have the ability to supply. Right now if the world continues to evolve the way we think that it will that our increases quarter to quarter would be limited to our ability to increase our through count. We anticipate to be able to hold our share this year and be able to keep up with our customers.
Jim Flaws: The only comment I would make is a reminder is that when you look at area shipments from all panel makers you have to keep in mind that panel makers are continuing to improve their own yields and improve their productivity from panelization. We plan on that so we say glass shipments are up ‘x’ they may be up ‘y’ a little bit more it’s because per unit of production going to the end market they need less glass. That’s something that happens every year, this past year in 2007 I think it was the first time investors have paid as much attention to it and we can talk more about that on February 8th.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: On the Beijing Olympics is that a real big sensitivity number. I know it gets a lot of press but if you talk about the 2.2 billion square meters of glass how much is that going to really influence the full year?
Jim Flaws: In terms of that true end market I think that our belief that supporting goods don’t really change dramatically in the number of units sold. However, it can influence how the supply chain operates. You may recall for the World Cup supply chain built and ran a little earlier. The reason for raising it is I think it may change the cycle a little bit. We are not expecting it to be a dramatic change to the true full year number.
Operator: Curt Woodworth from JP Morgan your line is open.
Curt Woodworth – JP Morgan: I just wanted to clarify a comment that I think you made regarding comparisons of quarterly growth rate in 2007 relative to 2008. Did you say that you thought that volumes would be relatively flat per quarter in 2008?
Jim Flaws: No I did not say that would be flat, what I said is the ups and downs per quarter on a cycle during the course of the year would be more muted than what we had seen this past year at a very minimum starting off quarter one we were down 13% quarter one [inaudible] look much higher so we obviously are not going to experience that this year. The other reason why I think it will be more muted will be the fact that we and the panel makers appear to be operating very close to full capacity so the increases will be primarily tend to be when panel markers bring on additional capacity. We are not saying its going to be flat we are just going to say the quarters beyond down as much as you saw this past year.
Curt Woodworth – JP Morgan: Can you talk about the timing of some of your capacity expansions this year relative to the industry?
Jim Flaws: No, we are not prepared to go to that level of detail.
Curt Woodworth – JP Morgan: Your volume guidance for Display I think you exceeded your guidance for 11 out of the past 12 quarters. I’m just wondering relative to your model can you comment on where the upside has been. It seems like the penetration rate has been significantly higher than what you originally anticipated. I think last year you said ’08 your penetration forecast was 45%, right now we’re already 44%. If you can comment on that and perhaps what you see in ’08, is it LCD television penetration rate?
Wendell Weeks: We are going to be addressing our model for LCD demand next week at the investor session. I think the characterization is right that our model has been consistently more conservative than what we actually end up experiencing. We’re going to go through some of the reasons we think that happens and also what we are considering about how to change going forward. I think you are on to one key topic which is penetration, and related to that is what’s happening with the competing technologies. That’s one factor, side is another factor and what we’d like to do is actually run through those in a more systematic way with you next week. We are feeling the same way you are, perhaps its time for us to consider a model that gets at some of these other factors that we are starting to see.
Curt Woodworth – JP Morgan: What’s the capacity expansion at Hemlock going to be this year? I know you have a lot of capacity coming on first quarter.
Jim Flaws: I think we are going up to 14.5 metric tons compared to 10,000 this past year. There really is none in quarter one, it starts coming after that.
Operator: John Anthony of Cowen & Company your line is open.
John Anthony – Cowen & Company: Looking at your operating margins and I’m sure you want to cover this in more detail at the analyst day but if you could give us a sense whether the leverage is going to come more form the top line or holding your expenses flat this year? I’m curious also if you’d be willing to comment on whether you think you can exceed 25% in any given quarter this year? Secondly, can you also give us a sense for when you think the truck sales might bottom in the outlook for DPS business, do you think that’s first half phenomenon or do you not yet have a sense?
Wendell Weeks: Let’s start with trucks, if we were to take a look at, let’s go back to 2006 there were Class 8 300,000 sold medium heavy duty and bus around 300,000 for a total 2006 heavy duty diesel around 630,000. In 2007 that same comparable number was 355,000 with a combination of the impact of the buy in 2006 as well as a little more sluggish demand hitting the trucking industry. In 2007 the amount of trucks that were compliant with the new rules was 285,000. Sales of our product overall were up a little over 50% year over year.  As we turn to next year our current estimate would be a total heavy duty diesel demand to be in the range of 375,000 to 475,000 compared to the 2007 number on the compliant that I just ran through around 285,000. That would say that we anticipate increasing sales of our products this year and we would expect due to a combination of pre-buy not being here as well as at some point this year the heavy duty diesel market picking up.
Jim Flaws: A comment on the leverage, I’m not going forecast operating margins, we actually don’t use that as a metric for the company it’s really a combination of all of our businesses. Clearly if the Display business behaves as we expect and if, as Wendell just indicated, you get the volume up tick from diesel we are hopeful for gross margin to be up, as we indicated quarter one being up versus quarter four and we do expect to again hold our SG&A expense growth to be significantly less than our sales rate of growth. We’ll see R&D grow substantially during the course of the year.
Operator: Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets your line is open.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Market: Perhaps you can share with us the level of inventory granularity that you usually shared by the panel makers and if the data has become more reliable or less reliable in recent quarters to give us a sense of the thoughts on the March seasonality?
Jim Flaws: We believe the panel maker’s inventory data is quite reliable. It’s reported on monthly by the Taiwanese and the Koreans do report fairly regularly. Inventories at the panel makers themselves as reported are quite reliable and we spend quite a bit of time with them going through their inventories. The place that is less detailed remains past the panel makers as you go out into the set assembly and modules and then getting to retail where the data is clearly less good. We think the panel making inventory data is quite reliable and we go through it in great detail by type of product, IT or television, by size of panels and we think it is quite reliable. We estimate that a number of weeks inventory that people have as I indicated in my opening remarks we think the number of units in inventory at panel makers is actually substantially less than what it was the same period in 2007.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Market: On the Telecom business maybe if you can give us your thoughts on just demand overall in terms of that the major carriers are planning of the deployment for fiber and also the reception thus far for ClearCurve that would be helpful?
Wendell Weeks: Telecom overall the public side we continue to see strength in the access portion of that market with both fiber to the node and fiber to the premise architectures. Public markets around the world seem very strong. The private networks side we are anticipating good growth in the coming year in data centers as well. A pretty good environment [inaudible] some impact from the economy. Almost all of our comments here are excluding anything that may happen to the economy. As far as ClearCurve, we are getting very strong reception from the market. We hope to have a sale to one of the major PTT’s here in the near future.
Operator: CJ Muse of Lehman Brothers your line is open.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers: Can you remind me what your glass volume outlook is for 2008?
Jim Flaws: We’ll be going over our glass volume in more detail next week so the previous number given out was 25% but you’ll hear a new exciting number in 10 days.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers: On the cost side, last year it looked like you were guiding every quarter SG&A about 16% here in Q1 you are guiding 14% to 15% and I guess a two part question here. One, is that 14% to 15% sustainable throughout all of ’08? Secondly, given that 16% actually came in at 15% and change arguably is that 14% to 15% conservative that it could be at the lower end of that range?
Jim Flaws: I won’t give you full guidance, the only thing I’ll comment on when you start using a percent; remember our top line got a little bit of lift from Yen exchange rate where much of our operating expenses are in Dollars. When the top line goes up from that the Dollar in the SG&A isn’t going to move as much. This will give us a little help on the percent. I’ll just comment that what we’re trying to do is hold the SG&A to grow at less than half the rate of sales again this year. Clearly exchange rates if they were to stay where they are today for the Yen for the whole year would obviously make than an easier goal to be accomplished.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers: On the Display business can you comment on what your outlook is for tax rate there here in 2008?
Jim Flaws: The tax rate for Display I think will be slightly higher than it was this past year by a couple percent within the Display business itself.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers: On the Dow Corning front I would have thought there was an uplift but I guess as you said not much capacity coming online from Hemlock in Q1 and that is being offset by higher material costs. Are you seeing a re-pricing of contracts that were signed years ago such that not only do you benefit from the uplift in capacity end but also some ASP uplift for that business as you look out through ’08?
Wendell Weeks: There’s no re-pricing of the Hemlock contracts and we deliberately took a strategy when we did those pre-buys with them in getting the cash in. We knew the price would be significantly below spot and we honor those contracts with our customers. The impact on Dow Corning is that disappointment is not the Hemlock volume or pricing it really is that raw material costs spike dramatically in the fourth quarter and that is a problem for us in the silicone side of the business and we are working to try to recapture some of that. Hemlock is behaving quantity and pricing as we expected.
Operator: Carter Shoop of Deutsche Bank your line is open.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: On the Display outlook I know we are going to get a lot more information here in 10 days but if we look at your panel customers it seems like the consensus outlook right now is roughly 30% volume growth. Is there any reason to believe that you wouldn’t see a similar type of growth and if so could you maybe walk me through some of the variables?
Jim Flaws: You expect to see the panel area shipment for the industry as a whole to be above our view of the glass share market shipment because you would expect our customers to improve their own yields. They lose product as they manufacture and try to get better every year plus particularly when demand is strong they will run their operations to maximize the glass loss through the panelization which is to trim loss in effect. When demand is weaker the industry sometimes forces them to sell something that is not quite a good for them. Just as you saw in 2007 you should see total panel area shipments above total glass shipments but we are not prepared to give you a number for each until 10 days from now.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: Could we talk about Dow Corning’s margins, it seems like we’ll see a little bit of a hit in the first quarter and then in the second half of the year are we going to see roughly a similar type of positive impact from higher pricing for the silicone business being offset by the capacity of additions in Hemlock, is that the way to think about the margin structure for that business going forward?
Jim Flaws: For silicones we’ve seen a slight margin erosion due to the mismatch between cost increases and price in the back half of ’07. Our goal was to try and get pricing up to cover that, we have some hopes that raw material costs will not stay at this peak level but we obviously can’t control that. Hopefully we are at a low point on the silicone side of the business in terms of margins if we get the price coming up. Hemlock remains extraordinarily profitable and much more profitable than silicone business so if you want to look at the total of Dow Corning it’s obviously a question of the mix and how fast the capacity comes up at Hemlock.
Carter Shoop – Deutsche Bank: Can you discuss your outlook for free cash flow in the first quarter?
Jim Flaws: Free cash flow in quarter one is slightly negative, the free cash flow is always a slight negative to us in quarter one but it was only slightly negative. We intend to have significant positive free cash flow for the year.
Operator: John Harmon from Needham & Company your line is open.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit on what you’re saying about your ClearCurve fiber. You said that Verizon completed one section of testing, what’s involved in the second amount of testing they are doing and if things just go perfectly when do you think you could see revenue from them?
Wendell Weeks: What Jim was talking about is that whenever you’ve got a product that is [inaudible] what carriers will do is go through something called field testing in addition to all the laboratory based testing that they do, that is exactly what it sounds like which is they deploy it in real situations with live customers and see what happens, but on a limited basis, then they carefully monitor it. ClearCurve is not just one product, it’s a whole suite of products that will redo our whole fiber to premise offering to MDU’s and as a result different ones are getting tested in different ways and different field trials. When Jim said that they went well, what he means specifically is that no issues were identified and that our value propositions look like they are upheld by real world experience. What happens after this is a carrier would go through a formal decision process on whether or not to bring this into their network and then go through all the process it takes to actually buy a brand new product. That’s where we stand, it’s all positive news. As I said, we would hope to see, already we’ve done our first commercial shipments to some smaller companies and we would hope to see a major carrier do a purchase of ClearCurve in the not too distant future.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: I realize the ultimate cap on your glass shipments would be plant capacity but is there any way to characterize at which level capacity is tighter, on the panel level or on the glass level. If you said the glass supplies are tight, clearly you are able to add capacity. Does that mean that your competitors are not?
Jim Flaws: It’s our belief that the glass industry in total is adding capacity pretty much in line with what our expectations are for the end market. They are historically as always been a little bit more panel making capacity than end market. Glass supply as best as we can tell from our own projections in our public announcements and competitors by and large on tract for keeping up with estimates for the end market.
John Harmon – Needham & Company: Does that mean that you and your competitors are just adding capacity at roughly the same rate of the market growth?
Jim Flaws: In general that’s what we and our competitors have been doing the last couple of years. In any given quarter the panel makers can bring up a new fab ahead of the end market and obviously in any given quarter glass makers may start up a new large tank and may have more supply in the quarter but on an annual basis that’s what we think is happened the last couple of years and will happen again this year.
Operator: John Roberts of Buckingham Research your line is open
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Some European countries have already made the switch to all digital broadcasting ahead of the US, has that been a non-event, I think it’s expected to be a relatively minor event when it occurs here in the US but sometimes consumers get confused between digital and high-def and I don’t know whether it caused any change in volume patterns in those countries that made that change in Europe?
Wendell Weeks: We haven’t done an analysis of a particular countries demand versus when they made that cut over. It’s probably worthwhile for us to take a look at, give us a sec to do that, maybe we can talk next week about that with you. In general I think you layout what our current point of view is which is in the near term we don’t expect that to be a major impact. However, over the long term it will certainly help take that embedded base of analog TVs and make them obsolete at a faster rate. In the near term we would say that it’s not a major event.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Do you have an estimate yet of what you think the average size of LCD TV was in the fourth quarter or an average for all of ’07 or do we have to wait for next week for that?
Wendell Weeks: You’ve got to wait for next week; we’ve got to save something.
Operator: Jeff Evanson from Sanford Bernstein your line is open.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: A couple of questions on Telecom, first Wendell you mentioned demand for both fiber to the premises and fiber to the node, just in our looks at press reports of satisfaction surveys between Verizon and AT&T as well as the customer subscription rates it looks like Verizon is getting better results with the fiber to the premises architecture than AT&T with fiber to the node. What do you think it would take to convince companies that are doing fiber to the node now to do more fiber to the premises?
Wendell Weeks: Fiber to the prem type architectures are now in trial and a very significant percentage of carriers around the world. That interest level has increased strongly and we actually just added last year another major European based carrier for the architecture. That being said, I think that it’s important to note that both fiber to the node and fiber to the premises remain very legitimate access choices. There are good reasons to do either one, and a lot of it depends on how much a carrier believes how much bandwidth they think will be required for a user in the future.  What they think technology trajectories of the various components of systems as well as compression. Also what the topography is of their particular network, how much buried, how much aerial. I think that it’s far from clear yet what is the right choice for carrier’s point of view. I think that remains to be seen and until such time that becomes very clear what the right choice is I think you’ll see carriers do both.
Jeff Evanson – Sanford Bernstein: Earlier today Cisco introduced a new switch for the data center and our research suggests that because of virtualization and other factors you should see a significant shift to 10 gigabit per second connections in data centers versus one gigabit over copper today. When people go from one to 10 it’s often the best choice for a variety of reasons to use optics. Do you guys see that as a significant growth driver for you and is there an opportunity for a multi-node version of ClearCurve?
Wendell Weeks: Two good questions in there. Yes we do see that move towards 10-G as being a good positive driver for us and actually Peter Volanakis is going to be leading a charge for us to introduce a whole new generation of data center based products that we’ll hear more about in the coming year. We do also believe that there is a significant value proposition for bend resistant fiber in the data com world and watch this space, more to come.
Operator: Ajit Pai of Thomas Weisel Partners your line is open.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners: A couple of quick questions, the first one is about SCP, I think you mentioned the pricing declines in SCP were about 15%. Could you walk us through how much of that is to do with the generational mix and how much of that is to do with the currency or the factors that competitors and dynamics there? On SCP as well, what the tax rate was, I remember the tax rate sort of rises over time, could you give us some color as to what it was a year ago, this year and then what you expect it to be a couple of years down the road?
James Flaws: On the tax rate I don’t have that handy I’ll let Ken follow up with you on that. There have been under tax holiday and it will gradually increase but there aren’t any sudden changes right now. In terms of SCP pricing, the generation impact has been muted and we do come down on new generations relatively rapidly but the businesses are so large today that you don’t see the same impact of generational pricing. What really drove the 15% for SCP versus the 11% was in quarter one of ’07 they kind of caught up with declines we had made in ’06 in our wholly owned business. If you look that their fourth quarter price declines of ’07 compared to ours they are very similar and very small.
Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners: On Concord I think you provided a brief commentary about things ramping their quite well. Could you give us some color as to Concord, is it more fiber to the prem kind of fiber and also the capacity utilization profitability etcetera, what kind of variable margins is to be expected and where are things right now?
Wendell Weeks: The Concord will be making product aimed at our single mode business and manufacturing came up terrific and you see the same high incrementals there that you see in our overall fiber business. You may recall we indicated that the total additional fixed costs that we were adding to Concord on an annual basis was $5 million. We are seeing great incrementals and very good performance there. We are delighted by the plant and the people.
Jim Flaws: As I mentioned several times our annual investor meeting will be held at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City on February 8th. Our key business leaders will be on hand to speak to investors, showcase their products, and answer your questions. Products will include our Epic [inaudible], diesel filters and display graphs. There will also be a live demonstration of ClearCurve fiber technology in action. In addition, several members of our research and development group will be there to showcase some exciting project that are currently in our labs. You’ll hear formal presentations by senior executives and have the opportunity to ask questions. Expect it to be an informative event; hopefully you’ll be able to join us. I encourage you who are interested to register on our website, seating is limited. A few last comments on 2007-2008, quarter four was strong and is giving us excellent momentum heading into quarter one. Two thousand seven overall was a very strong year, our pricing approach and cost reduction allowed continued growth in LCD to deliver terrific profits. LCD is clearly winning the format war, CRT’s are disappearing and LCD’s have won the 40” television market versus plasma and we believe LCD’s will do well in the 50” plus space. Telecom has rewarded our patience and our investment with both excellent revenue growth and cash generation. The long awaited diesel lift off has occurred with 50% sales growth. We are very excited about our prospects for 2008 and look forward to seeing you next week to share out outlook. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Ken Sofio: Thank you Jim, thank you Wendell, thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 am ET today until 5:00 pm on Monday, February 11th.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: KenSofio - Division Vice President of Investor Relations JamesFlaws - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer WendellWeeks - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: MarkSue - RBC Capital Markets NikosTheodosopoulos - UBS StevenFox - Merrill Lynch CJMuse - Lehman Brothers BrantThompson - Goldman Sachs JeffEvanson - Sanford Bernstein JohnRoberts - Buckingham Research Group JohnHarmon - Needham & Company CurtisWoodworth- JPMorgan TimDaubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities CarterShoop - Deutsche Bank Securities DanielGelbtuch - CIBC JohnAnthony - Cowen & Company AjitPai - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator:  Goodmorning and welcome to the third quarter earnings conference call. Allparticipants will be in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is beingrecorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Iwould now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. KenSofio, Division Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Sofio: Thankyou. Good morning everyone. Corning'sthird quarter conference call. Call's being audio cast on our website. James Flaws,Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion; WendellWeeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will join for the Q&A. BeforeI turn the all cover to Jim, to note today's remarks do contain forward-lookingstatements under the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties of the factors thatcould cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed inthe company's SEC report. 
James Flaws: Thanks,Ken. Good morning everyone. This morning we released our results for the thirdquarter, which can be found on our investor relations website. In addition forthose of you with web access, we posted several slides that will summarize theimportant data from this morning's prepared remarks. These slides will beavailable on our website after our call as well. Overall,our third quarter results were excellent. Let me share with you some of the keydata points, and then we can get into the details. We hit all-time records inthe third quarter for gross margin percent, net income, earnings per sharebefore special items. Sequentialvolume growth and Display was strong in both our wholly owned business and atFCT. Panel inventory levels and Display supply chain appear to be healthyheading into the fourth quarter. Retail and market trends for LCD televisionlooks strong, both worldwide and in the United States. Wecurrently see no evidence of credit concerns impacting consumers' decisions topurchase LCD televisions in the United States. Our telecommunications business rebounded in thethird quarter posting 10% growth excluding the divested cabling business inquarter two. Nowlet me go to the details starting with our income statement. Our second quartersales were $1.55 billion, an increase of 10% over the second quarter and anincrease of 21% over the third quarter a year ago. OurEPS, both GAAP and non-GAAP was $0.38 and exceeded the top end of our guidancerange by $0.01. Net income, excluding special items was $619 million, anincrease of 13% versus the second quarter. Incomparison to the third quarter 2006, net income excluding special items was up$168 million or 37%. You should note that EPS and net income excluding specialitems are non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation to GAAP can be found on ourwebsite. Ourthird quarter sales benefited from $12 million from the strengthening yen toU.S. dollar exchange rate, in comparison to the second quarter. Continuing downthe income statement, gross margin on the third quarter was 47.8% and anall-time record for Corning. SG&Awas $212 million and only 14% of sales. We are delivering on our commitment togain operating leverage and keep our SG&A spending growth at less than halfthe rate of sales. RD&E in the third quarter was $145 million or 9% ofsales. Equityearnings were $239 million in the third quarter compared to $220 million in thesecond quarter. Increase was primarily due to higher than expected earnings forSamsung Corning Precision. Thirdquarter equity earnings included an impairment and restructuring charge atSamsung Corning CRT of $18 million. Due to the size of the charge it wastreated as a special item this quarter. Investors will recall that we had $10million of charges in quarter two at Samsung Corning CRT, which we did not takeas a special. Ourtax rate in the third quarter was 15% including a $15 million non-recurring taxcharge. Wrapping up our income statement, our share count for the third quarterwas 1.6 billion shares. Wehad two special items in the quarter three. The first was the impairment chargeat Samsung Corning CRT that I mentioned a moment ago. Second was a pretax andafter-tax gain of $16 million, primarily reflecting the decrease in marketvalue of Corning common stock to be contributed to settle the asbestoslitigation to Pittsburgh Corning. Corningshare price decreased during the quarter from $25.55 to $24.65. Thus the gainand loss essentially offset each other. Our GAAP EPS this quarter was also$0.38 per share.  Nowlet's turn to the segment results. I'll start with Display, which had anoutstanding quarter. Third quarter sales were $705 million and 16% higher thanlast quarter. Volume was up 15% sequentially and at the upper end of ourguidance range. Price declines were in line with our strategy. Itshould come as no surprise that we will continue this pricing approach in thefourth quarter. Segment sales also benefited slightly from the strength in theend during the quarter. As a reminder, all of our glass is sold in yen. Pricingguidance we provide is on a yen-per-square-foot basis. As a result, changes inthe yen and dollar exchange rate do not impact our pricing. Gross marginpercent per Display segment remain consistent with the previous quarter.  Equityearnings from SCP were $160 million in the third quarter, an increase of 21%versus the $132 million last quarter. SCP's sequential volume increased 14% inthe third quarter, which is higher than we anticipate. Asexpected, price declines at SCP in the third quarter were in line with ourwholly owned business. For modeling purposes, SCP's third quarter sales were$635 million compared to $574 million in the second quarter. SCP's gross marginincreased slightly on strong manufacturing performance. Netincome in the Display segment, which includes equity earnings, was $540 millionin the third quarter, an increase of 11% compared to the second quarter netincome of $486 million. This increase is primarily the result of volume growth. As a reminder, Q2 had benefited from aone-time tax benefit of $17 million in the Display segment. Incomparison to the third quarter of last year, sales on our Display segmentincreased 39% as volume gains of 57% were partially offset by price declinesand unfavorable foreign exchange rate movements year-over-year. Segmentnet income grew 37% year-over-year. For the three quarters to date this year,glass volume at our wholly owned business is up 42% compared to last year.SCP’s year-to-date volume is up 39%. So, our glass demand continues to bestrong.  Movingto the supply chain, we believe panel inventories are in great shape headinginto the fourth quarter. Panel makers experienced record shipments fromSeptember, which has led to lower inventories at many of them.  Onthe retail side, our preliminary data suggests the end market demand remainsstrong. In fact, our third quarter research indicates end market demand for ITtelevision was stronger than our previous forecast. Asalways, I like to stress that our third quarter market information is onlypreliminary at this time. This data represents our view and is based on a varietyof sources. And to be clear, the data I'm referencing here relates to shipmentsfrom PC manufacturers and television set makers to retailers. Startingwith notebooks above 27 million were shipped in the third quarter, higher thanour expectations and a 12% increase versus the second quarter. As a percentageof computers sold, notebooks jump from 43% to 46% in the third quarter. TheLCD monitors, about 43 million were shipped in the third quarter also higherthan our expectations and the second quarter. We believe the penetration of LCDmonitors increased to 89%.  Movingto LCD television, about 19 million units were shipped compared to 16 millionin the second quarter. It was also higher than we expected. Penetration of LCDtelevision into the worldwide color television market grew from 36% in thesecond quarter to 38% in the third quarter. Obviously, we’re extremely pleasedwith the overall end market demand heading into the fourth quarter.  RegardingU.S. consumers, we continue to see no evidence thatcredit concerns are decreasing their appetite for LCD televisions. Consumerscontinue to purchase LCD TVs and electronic retailers continue to offerfinancing incentives. In fact, two of the big box electronic retailers publiclystated they do not plan on eliminating those incentives. Movingon to an update on our total family glass mix. A mix of Gen 5 and higher in thethird quarter was 88% and consistent with the second quarter. Mix of Gen 5.5,5.6 5.7 and 5.8 glass was 55% in the third quarter and slightly higher than thesecond quarter. I’llwrap-up Display by commenting on EAGLE XG, our conversion to one glasscomposition is proceeding nicely. At the end of the third quarter, EAGLE XGrepresented over 90% of our glass sales. We are well on track to convert a 100%of our glass to EAGLE XG by the end of the year. SCP has begun ramping up EAGLEXG this year and it is currently over the 40% of their sales.  Now,moving to the Environmental segment, sales in the third quarter were $198million, an increase of 4% over second quarter sales of $191 million. We wereanticipating sales to be flat sequentially. We do not experience the typical Augustslowdown in auto as U.S. manufacturers may have purchased additionalproduct in anticipation of union strikes. Autoproduct sales were $126 million in the third quarter compared to $128 millionin second. Diesel products sales were $72 million in the third quarter, anincrease of 14% over the second quarter sales of $63 million. Segmentnet income was $14 million in the third quarter consistent with the secondquarter. In comparison to a year ago, environmental segment sales increased 29%driven by higher auto and diesel volume. Auto sales were up 13% year-over-year,while diesel was up 76%.  Inthe Life Sciences segment sales in the third quarter was $78 million andconsistent with the second quarter. Segment net income was $1 million in thethird quarter and consistent with the second quarter. Movingto the Telecommunications segment, sales in the third quarter were $472 millionand 8% higher than second quarter sales of $438 million. Excluding the $9million in Q2 sales related to our divested submarine cable business, telecomsales increased 10% as we had expected. Experiencedgrowth throughout the segment this quarter including increased demand for Fiber-to-the-Premisesproducts and private network projects. Sales of hardware equipment productswere $235 million in the third quarter, an increase of 7% the over secondquarter sales of $219 million. Salesin our fiber cable products in the third quarter were $237 million, an increaseof 8% over the second quarter sales of $219 million. Fiber-to-the-Premise sales,which are primarily hardware equipment related, were $83 million in the thirdquarter compared to $73 million in the second quarter. Included in these saleswere products shipped to our new Fiber-to-the-Premise customer in Europe. Netincome in the Telecom segment was $27 million in the third quarter compared to$40 million in the second quarter. However, as a reminder, the second quarterincluded $19 million from a one time gain in our sale of the submarine cablebusiness. So, excluding that gain, telecom net income increased nicely duringthe quarter on higher sales volume. Ihope investors were able to make it to the fiber-to-the-home conference lastmonth to see the demonstration of ClearCurve, our new ultra-bendable fibertechnology. We're in the process discussing the new technology with severalpotential customers and the feedback so far has been excellent. Inaddition, Verizon is currently using ClearCurve in a broad test trial in New York City, which has one of the nation's highestconcentrations of MDUs. We are very excited about working with Verizon on thistrial, helping them connect with a significant customer base. Iknow many investors are interested in understanding more of this technology andthe market opportunity. For those of you who missed the demonstration lastmonth, a video of it will be found on our IR web site in the near future. Regardingthe market opportunity, I'd like to ask for your patience as we finalize thepricing premium and other discussions with potential customers, both within thetelecom industry and outside the telecom industry. Once we have a good handleon the market size we will share that information. Ianticipate that we will provide a more comprehensive review of this market atour annual investor meeting in February. Moving on to our Other segment, salesin the quarter were $100 million basically flat with the second quarter. Thiswas lower than we anticipated due primarily to weaker demand. Turningto Dow Corning, equity earnings were $81 million compared to $88 million in thesecond quarter. Third quarter results included a one-time tax charge of $4 millionrelated to revaluating U.K. deferred tax assets. Now,moving to our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with about $3.3 billionin cash and short-term investments, up from $3.2 billion at the end of thesecond quarter. Free cash flow was $272 million in the third quarter.Year-to-date we generated $460 million in free cash flow. Ourshareholders, I hope you all receive a dividend check we mailed last month ornoticed your electronic deposit. We distributed about $80 million in dividendsto our shareholders. Board recently approved another $0.05 per share for thefourth quarter payable in December. In addition, we repurchased approximately$5 million shares of stock or $125 million in cash in quarter three.  I'dlike to wrap up by providing our guidance for the fourth quarter and somecommentary about 2008 starting with Display. Weexpect the glass market to remain robust in the fourth quarter. As panel makerscontinue to run at peak utilizations, we think market demand will be consistentin comparison to the third quarter. To meet market demand, volumes at ourwholly owned business and SCP will be up 2 to 5% sequentially. Tomeet this level of demand, we anticipate our operations will need to run atfull capacity. A quarter four volume guidance is consistent with quarter fourpanel shipment guidance provided by some of the larger panel makers includingthe LPL, Samsung and AUO. Moreimportantly, the retail environment continues to look healthy, especially for LCDtelevisions. We're anticipating very robust LCD television sales in the fourthquarter. We believe LCD TV shipments will increase over 35% from $19 millionunits in the third quarter to $26 million units in the fourth quarter. Fourthquarter shipments this year will be more than 50% higher than last year whenjust $17 million were shipped.  Regardingfourth quarter glass pricing, our approach will be consistent with previousquarters. More importantly, glass prices in the fourth quarter this yearcompared to last year will be just 8% lower. This is a significant change incomparison to last year when glass pricing fell 20% quarter four, 2005 toquarter four, 2006. We’re obviously very pleased with how our glass pricingapproach worked this year. Lookingforward to 2008, we're anticipating another year's significant volume growth inthe glass industry. We believe the market will grow at least 400 million squarefeet to similar the amount of glass industry added this year. Regardingglass supplying demand our initial view is the glass market will again berelatively tight. This is based on our view of the end market demand in glasssupply. Our glass supply assumptions are based on our capacity plans for 2008. Sincewe and SCP represent over a half the glass market as well as the publicannouncements made by our major competitors. We'll provide a more detail updateto our 2008 assumptions during our annual investor meeting, which is scheduledfor Friday, February 8. Movingon to the telecommunications segment, we anticipate fourth quarter sales to bedown about 10% sequential. Decline is a reflection of the typical seasonalitythat impacts the telecom industry in the fourth quarter. We'reextremely pleased with the performance of our telecom segment this year. We areon track to gross sales by 10% excluding the impact of the divestitures of ourJapanese business into a joint venture in early 2006 and the sale of oursubmarine cable business in quarter two, 2007. Weare delighted with the 10% sales growth and declining prices. Including ourfourth quarter expectation, segment net income this year will be well over $70million, excluding the $19 million in special gains in the second quarter. Thisis an increase of more than 35% over last year's net income at specials.  Weanticipate our environmental segment sales will be down about 10% sequentially,reflecting the typical seasonal decline in auto sales toward the end of theyear. In addition, diesel sales will be lower, as a result of lower engineproduction in the quarter. Investors should note the environmental sales will beup over 20% this year driven primarily by diesel sales increasing 55%. Moreimportantly, segment net income will increase from just $7 million last year toover $40 million this year. In our Life Sciences segment we expect sales to declineslightly, market demand is seasonally weaker in quarter four. Othersegment sales are expected to be up 10% to 15% sequentially in the fourthquarter. This all result in fourth quarter sales in the range of $1.5 billion to$1.55 billion. Looking down the income statement for your modeling purposes,gross margin for the company should be between 47% and 48% in the fourthquarter. SG&Ais expected to be approximately 15% to 16% of sales and RD&E is expected tobe around 10% of sales in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, SG&A for Corning is typically higher in the fourth quarter. Weanticipate equity earnings in the fourth quarter to be consistent with thirdquarter excluding the $18 million impairment charges in Samsung Corning. Equityearnings for both SCP and Dow Corning will be consistent in quarter three. Thetax rate for the fourth quarter is expected to be about 12%. Our fourth quarterEPS before any special items is expected to be between $0.36 and $0.38 pershare. For the year, EPS before special items will be between $1.36 and $1.38per share and more than 20% higher than last year. Lastly,for modeling purposes, you should again use $1.6 billion shares for the fourthquarter and calculating EPS before special items. One note on the impact offoreign exchange rates on our guidance: our fourth quarter guidance is based onthe yen to U.S. dollar rate of 116. Ifthe yen to dollar rate were to average two points higher or lower in the fourthwe estimate our overall sales in net income after tax would be impacted byabout $10 million. This includes the projected impact of our currency[inaudible]. Investorsshould note that we translate our Display results each day so the yen wouldhave to make a drastic move at beginning of the quarter and remain there forthe remainder of the quarter to have a material impact on our results comparedto our guidance. Investors should also remember that the yen averaged 118 inquarter three. So if the yen does average 116 in Q4 our Display sales would benefit by about $15million.  Beforewe go to questions and answers, I'd like to take a step back from theday-to-day volatility that we all feel in the Display industry and adjust somemacro issues. Displayis obviously very important to Corning. Sales in our wholly owned business and SCP willapproach $5 billion for the year. So we get why investors are so sensitive toevery story about the business. It’simportant to pay attention to big trends. First, the end market trends remainvery favorable. The IT applications of LCD remain robust as Notebooks continueto grow significantly and wide screen monitors move into favor. LCDis proving to be the technology of choice for entertainment television. Salesof LCD television units have gone from $10 million in 2004 to $75million thisyear. LCD television in units should out sell CRT’s in 2008 and are overtakingplasma in large sizes. In2007, for the first time, more LCD television units will be sold than plasma inthe 40-inch plus sizes. In 2008, we expect LCD TVs will most likely sell doublethe number of plasma units in the 40 inch and above space. Second,Corning has maintained its leadership versus competitors.We continue to bring larger sizes and new compositions to the markets thatbenefit our customers. We continue to be a very reliable supplier, bringingquality products and meeting our commitments. We have also reduced our priceson a consistent basis. Third,our pricing approach has worked in 2007 and we feel it will work again in 2008.We are already discussing pricing with our customers for 2008. Fourth, we'remaintaining our high margins through a combination of our pricing approach andour manufacturing strategy. Fifth,this is a relatively young industry. The supply chain is continuing to evolve.This has led to ever changing patterns of utilization quarter-to-quarter, asthe industry deals with seasonality, inventory issues, technology substitutions,etcetera. Patternof glass shipments in the panel makers has been different in 2005, 2006 and2007. A different cycle in 2007 and bythat, I mean, the earlier ramp in Q2 than moving to expected Q4 levels in Q3and now holding them is fine and healthy as long as no excess inventoryappears. And we do not see any evidence of any inventory issues today.  Wehave seen a slightly different pattern of sequential percentages than we andyou originally expected, but the end result's turning out great. We also expectcycle in 2008 may be different as television moves to over 50% of the glassconsumed. Soin summary, the end-market is growing, it's on track to our estimates. Ourpricing approach is working. Our manufacturing strategy is helping our margins.We are not losing ground to competitors. And our total year-over-year numbersare strong, even though we did not always come out as we and you originally forecasted.
Ken Sofio: Thankyou, Jim. We're ready to take some questions now.
Operator: (OperatorInstructions) Our first question comes from Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Thankyou. I need just thoughts on the customer feedback on your pricing strategy.Are customers starting to look aggressively elsewhere because of what you didin '07 and does digging your heels in further potentially foretell a big deltaon foreign revenues or do you think it's just a matter of grudging acceptance?
Wendell Weeks: Actually,we have been positively surprised as the year has gone on with our customers'acceptance of our pricing strategy. Actually, there was recently an article in Taiwan news from our top customer in Taiwan, basically along those lines, that pointed out theyviewed us as absolutely the leading supplier, most reliable and that we havebeen behaving very responsibly over a long period of time. Soin general, I would characterize our customer relations at this time as beingvery positive, more positive than they were earlier in the year and probablymore positive than they were at the end of last year.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.I think, you’re painting a positive picture of demand and market share andinventories. But, I think people were expecting a little bit more for theDecember quarter guidance. If you could explain to us the delta, that would behelpful.
James Flaws : I'llbe happy to discuss that. I just want to amplify Wendell’s comment on thepricing with our customers. I think the acceptance of our pricing strategy andhow it's working for our customers with consistent down pricing at small levels,can be reflected also in the fact that we have moved far earlier to bediscussing pricing for 2008 with many customers than we had before and thosediscussions are going quite well. Relativeto the quarter for sequential guidance, I think that a many investors wereoverlooking the fact that the industry had ramped-up earlier in quarter twothan what we had and they had expected. And then in quarter three had moved tonear peak utilizations. And frankly, there isn't that much room to go in termsof panel makers in quarter four. Many cases panel makers are running over 95%utilization. So,there's not a lot of room to grow and we think some analyst expectations foradditional glass growth in quarter four are not reflecting appropriately thefact how much the industry have moved up starting quarter two. As I said in mycommentary, frankly in quarter three we got to where I think many peoplethought where we would be in quarter four, and there isn't much room to moveup. SoI think that's the primary difference rather than the fact that the industryshould be looking for more.
Operator: Ournext question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: Ihad a couple of questions on LCD. Can you elaborate a little bit in thisquarter the SCP gross margin went up, the consolidated one did not and theyboth grew double digits sequentially. Can you explain why the consolidatedgross margin also wouldn't have benefited? Andas you look out to next quarter given that you'll be running at full capacityin the fourth quarter and with a modest sequential up-tick in volumes, wouldn'twe expect to see gross margin in the LCD business improve for both consolidatedand SCP given you're running at full capacity? Thank you.
James Flaws : Well,I think at SCP, you may recall that, we have slipped down a little bit and theyhad an excellent manufacturing quarter. So, I think that's the primary reasonthey improved. I think that, we've often told investors that our cost reductionsare not perfectly smooth quarter-to-quarter. So,when we look at the total years we'll talk about in February, I think, you'llsee a very robust cost reduction program again for our wholly owned businessand the fact that it will be greater than our pricing and margins will be upslightly for the year. Relativeto quarter four, I'm not looking for anything substantially different in grossmargins. We think we'll be able to maintain our very robust levels.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: Okay.Given that in the fourth quarter, you'll be running at full capacity and you’vegiven some initial forecast next year for about 25% industry growth. The panelmakers keep talking about continued shortages next year. What'syour strategy going into next year, in terms of adding additional volume? Areyou going to add based on the market growth of 25% or would you add differentnumbers based on, perhaps, a desire to gain some share next year or not? Canyou talk about how you approach the capacity additions for next year?
Wendell Weeks: Soover the long term, what we continue to do is follow our strategy of addingcapacity based upon our view of the end market growth. And we've done thatconsistently and we will continue to do that consistently. Rightnow, in our dialogue with our customers, it once again looks pretty tight for2008 and we'll do our best to fulfill our customers’ requirements of us. Butour capacity planning is always based on our view of the end market.
Operator: Ournext question comes from Steven Fox from Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Goodmorning. Just going back over the margins for second on the Display business orjust as a whole, it seems like as you add capacity during the course of thenext several quarters you'll be running fairly tight. Wouldthose additional unit volumes result in any incremental margin or should we bethinking about margins from Display and the SCP as sort of maintaining at thesevery good levels for the next year or so?
James Flaws : Theincremental units that we add because they are so modular really don't have thesame leveraging effect that you normally think about in the way of fixed cost,because they are relatively small increments to add to fix costs and volume atthe same time. So you don't see that effect. Really, you do see someimprovement when we get incremental capacity from running our existing unitsbetter. And that's what's led to our cost reductions to help offset the pricereductions. Butfrankly, as we talked about in the past, our goal is to maintain these veryhigh gross margin percents we have year in, year out and that's what we'rehoping to do again as we head into next year.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great.And then just one question on moving to Generation 10 technology, do youanticipate that you’ll maintain the typical one year lead over yourcompetition, as you move over to the next Generation?
Wendell Weeks: So,it's hard to comment on exactly where our competition is. I think the mostimportant news on Gen10 is that we were invited by Sharp to co-locate withtheir new and what will be the first manufacturing of Gen10 panels in theworld. Andso, I think that action by Sharp speaks for itself and I really can't add muchto it.
Operator: Ournext question comes from C.J. Muse from Lehman Brothers.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Goodmorning. Thank for making taking my call. First off, now that you havevisibility to your glass volumes through year round and considering the newpricing strategy that you adopted beginning of the year. Can you comment onwhat impact you see that having on your market share?
Wendell Weeks: Sowe don't see in the quarter any sort of significant movements in market shareone way or the other. Our current view and market as you heard from Jim, isthat it's relatively flattish quarter three to quarter four. You will see ourvolume guidance up 2 to 5%. Numerically,you can calculate. It looks like a share gain but frankly you're going against400 million square feet of glass market in quarter four and single digitmillions moving one way or the other is just sort of lost in the noise. I thinkyou have to step back overall and say what are we try to accomplish this year inDisplay? Whatwe try to do is do a new pricing strategy that would significantly moderate thedecline of prices while overall maintaining our position in the market. And aswe said at the beginning of the year, the place that we anticipated to lose alittle share would be in Korea with LPL mainly because of LG's long-termconcerns with dealing with the Samsung affiliate. Soother than that, our pricing strategy and our market share strategy has reallystayed very consistent.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Rightand secondly, given the time lag in terms of dividends off of tax earnings fromyour equity affiliates. Jim, can you comment on your thoughts around free cashflow for 2008 and what your plans are on that front?
James Flaws: Wewill be reviewing our ability of our equity companies to pay dividends as weget towards the end of the year and we’re expecting very strong dividends fromboth SCP and Dow Corning again next year. We haven't set them at this point intime. SCPis going to be expanding next year significantly, but we believe they will beable to pay a substantial dividend and we will be evaluating at Dow Corning. Ithink for the corporation's free cash flow, the most important dynamic goinginto that would be of the pace of the Gen10 investment in Japan should we reach final agreement with Sharp thatwill have pretty big influence on our capital. Wewill give you some guidance obviously as we get to the end of the year.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers: Okay.I guess a follow up there, Jim. On the OpEx side, great cost control there inQ3 down to 23%, well below what you guided. But then you are guiding up againin Q4. And I guess there is some end of year expenses there. When you look to 2008,do you see a shift here where 23% to 24% is kind of the right range for OpEx?
James Flaws: Wedo have some more year end expenses. There are some things that occur naturallyin quarter four for us. We’ve always gone up a little. Relative for 2008, weare not changing from our strategy; I would like to separate OpEx into twocomponents. First,in terms of SG&A, the kind of goal that we've been talking about for thelast few years which is have our SG&A increases really less than half ourrate of sales, that’s something that the management team is committed to doingagain in 2008 so that should help. TheRD&E number I think will be very depended on the success of our developmentwith a number of things and whether we can move some of our big projects to thenext stage; if they do that might increase spending a little bit more. But, Ithink that would be good news overall.  Sowe will try to give you more guidance on it then. But leverage wise, you shouldsee some plus; the only thing that we could move it up would be if RD&Emoves up and that’s gonna be a long-term good thing.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Lasttwo quick questions from me. First, do you expect another charge for SamsungCorning Company Limited in Q4 and then secondly, for the other revenues thatyou guided up 10% to 15%, is that principally on the semiconductor opticallenses seeing some strength?
James Flaws: Latterquestion is yes. On semiconductor area and on Samsung Corning CRT, we couldhave a charge in quarter four and possibly in quarter one but we are coming tothe end of our sequences of charges with that.
Operator: Yournext question comes from Brant Thompson from Goldman Sachs.
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs: Ihave got two questions. The first, just going back to the margins in the glassbusiness. So if you're able to hold utilization rates extremely high andpricing relatively stable, are you hitting the point where the ability is justto bring cost out of the business has changed? So therefore you are maintainingmargins as opposed to seeing greater margin expansion in that totalconsolidated business; is it more of a cost issue? Thanks.
James Flaws: NoI mean, our goal has been to have our cost reduction program match or exceed ifwe can price reductions and we didn't have a goal trying to move our marginsup. Our goal’s long-term to have a robust rate of cost reduction to at leastoffset our pricing. It’s possible in a given year that it might be little bitmore and therefore allow margins to move up.  Ithink you should not focus too much on any one quarter because our costreductions in a given quarter and also when we bring on new capacity--the onslaughtof depreciation as an example--can influence a given quarter. But, we have notseen a lessening in our list of projects to continue to reduce cost.
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs: Thenany comments with regard to an outlook for Dow Corning as we look into 2008.How should we be thinking about how that might trend?
Wendell Weeks: Idon't have any comments today on it. We're actually about to review their planfor next year in the next few days. They clearly are influenced by the globaleconomy. Silicone, aside from polysilicone, do tend to move with the economy.So we have to see how that's going around the world. And then polysiliconethere will be some additional capacity next year and as we get to our Januaryannouncement we'll tell you when that's likely to show up within the cycle nextyear.
Operator: Yournext question comes from Jeff Evanson from Sanford Bernstein.
Jeff Evanson - SanfordBernstein: Inprevious calls you mentioned some changes in utilization of class both becauseof tiling yield and because of just better manufacturing techniques. I'mwondering if you could give us an update on how those are progressing? The gap betweenthe area that the panel manufacturing shipped to customers and the glass thatyou need to ship to them to make that happen and how we might think about that gapchanging next year?
Wendell Weeks: Sowe don't have any very new update on panalization or yields. Everything thatwe're seeing was consistent with our last update to you, Jeff. What we see frompanel makers is if you take a look at the quarter four sequential guidance fromLPL, SCC, and AUO is area growth in the mid-single digits from LPL, SCC saidshipment unit growth of a couple of percent. AUO large panel shipment's flat;TV shipments up low teens.  Soit's pretty consistent with what we're talking about with our overall glassmarket, and you know, I don't think there is much to be mind in the near termaround the panalization and yield factor. We will do our natural update ofthose and get back to you as soon as we know something new.
James Flaws: I'djust like to comment on one other thing about looking at the shipments frompanel makers, assembly versus our own numbers. People have to remember thereare inventories that exist at our panel makers both inventories glass andinventories of their own finished panels. Soparticularly when there is a quarter where there is relatively low percents forus and for them that can have a bigger impact than it has in some quarters whentheir growth rate is in their teens.
Operator: Ournext question comes from John Roberts from Buckingham Research Group.
John Roberts - Buckingham ResearchGroup: Giventhat the increase in size is a strong driver of square inch growth, could youupdate us on where you think the average size LCD is now or will be a year fromnow relative to a year ago?
James Flaws: Ithink we're looking at televisions to end the year a little over 31. And theywere 28 last year. I don't have a new number for next year, but we do expect togrow again next year. But unless we're very surprised on large size, the rateof growth in inches per year will be less next year than it was this year.
John Roberts - Buckingham ResearchGroup: 28to 31 are about a 25% increase in surface area? Even if you don’t have thenumbers.
James Flaws: Idon't have the numbers on the top of my head like that, but I’ll let you figurethat out but we are looking forward to grow next year. I think one of thethings we’re very interested to see and to learn things from is what'shappening in retailers to see what's happening with 40-inch and 50-inch LCDtelevisions this holiday period. Forthe first time, we'll expect to see 50-inch LCD’s with full 1080 go head tohead with plasma having full 1080 and the price points for LCD will be verycompetitive. If that does well, it'll have a big influence on the average size.
John Roberts - Buckingham ResearchGroup: Thensecondly, I thought the 10% earnings growth at Dow Corning was relativelymodest given high low prices I think, sometimes drive substitutions towardsilicones and adhesives and fluids. I think semi conductor and solar werepretty robust during the quarter. So could you comment - I know 10% is prettygood growth but I thought it might have been higher.
James Flaws: Ifyou're looking at year-over-year?
John Roberts - Buckingham ResearchGroup: That'sright. 
James Flaws: Thirdquarter versus third quarter a year ago. So third quarter, we really haven'tbrought much capacity on Hemlock year-over-year. You may recall last year wehad growth in Hemlock but mostly incurred last year but since the second half oflast year, we haven't had it very much so, you're not seeing the same impactthere. Theyalso had some expenses related to two expansions; they’re obviously expanding Hemlockdramatically. That capacity hasn't come online and there is some expense thereand we're beginning to see some expense affecting the P&L from the large dimethylexpansion that’s underway in China. Butyou haven't seen much additional metric tons coming on in Hemlock this year andyear-over-year. In the first half of this year, you did see it gaining numbers thefirst half of 2006 there, but not the back half.
John Roberts - Buckingham ResearchGroup: Iknow you don't provide specific guidance but it sounds like acceleration thenat Dow Corning?
James Flaws: I'mnot giving any guidance on Dow Corning yet.
Operator: Yournext question comes from John Harmon from Needham and company.
John Harmon - Needham &Company: Justone question I want clarification on. You said in the fourth quarter you plan tobe running at capacity at your LCD glass factories. Is that the level you wantto run at? Clearly it's good for margins but do you typically plan on keeping abit of extra capacity around? And does that mean you came up a little bit shortin terms of your forecasting for the year?  Andthe second question is when you start filling ClearCurve, are you going tocount that as a premium fiber? [inaudible]
James Flaws: Justa comment. We were running very full also on quarter three in shipping out of inventory.Remember one of our goals beginning of this year was to try and deal with thecycle by building some inventory in the first part of the year and being ableto ship it in the back part of the year. Sowe ran very full in quarter three, took a large amount of inventory. We'll takesome of that inventory again in quarter four. Not only inventories will bequite low so we've been running full. Wecertainly don't have a goal of being absolutely full, but frankly, we'll takeit. Demand from our customers is quite robust, and their inventories are verylow which is boding very well as we head into 2008.
Wendell Weeks: I'dadd to that and so nothing negative happening on the operations side; reallyall our operations are doing very well in terms of productivity and it's justwe have really good demand. So, we would like to have a little more leeway thanwhat we have right now and we’ll work hard to get it and we'll keep at ourproductivity. Asto ClearCurve yes, we do anticipate that the whole ClearCurve product familywill be a premium set of products. Mainly because it adds so much valueespecially in MDU applications as much as doubling productivity for ourcustomers.  Thatbeing said it's going to be a little different than other premium fiberproducts you may remember from the past, because only around 30% of the all-overrevenue opportunities in the fiber optic cable per say for a connectedapartment unit. Another 70% is at hardware and equipment.  Soalthough I think all the products would be premium products within our overallfamily, they'll be split up a little differently than maybe you would thinkabout normally, although the fiber part in and of itself is not as large asbeing able to capture the premium revenue opportunity across the whole productset - if that makes any sense to you.
Operator: Ournext question comes from Curtis Woodworthfrom JPMorgan.
Curtis Woodworth- JPMorgan: Youknow, Jim, you commented on the variance and the patterns in terms of thesequential volume growth this year in the Display business. I guess I'mwondering what the right way to think about this dynamic is because you havethe seasonality issue where usually in the fourth quarter you get more robustTV sales, and then you also have the dynamic and maybe the panel manufacturersare getting better at managing the seasonality.  Doyou think this year was perhaps better for the supply chain in terms of how theyear unfolded in the sense that it's more consistent production and the panelguys leveled production to maybe not have to ramp up so quickly in the backhalf of the year?  Tome it seems like this actually could be a positive development for the industryeven though it's outside the norm and obviously the street is negative on 4Q. ButI guess I'm just wondering how you think about it and going forward do youthink the seasonality concern in the industry is actually less of a risk here?And that whole supply chain is getting better at flexing up and down for this?
James Flaws: Yes,Kurt, I totally endorse that opinion. We think it's actually been verypositive. You may recall back in February we were concerned that the supplychain waited too late to ramp. Theycould actually just not have enough to satisfy end market demand and that wasone of our fears and we were frankly we’re delighted in quarter two and beganmoving up to beat our own estimates because we haven’t seen it at the beginningof the quarter. But as the quarter unfolded, we did. Andbasically they moved up to what we have afraid they would have only in quarterthree and late quarter two and then in quarter three they moved up to theoriginal forecast to be quarter four levels and maintain them. I think whatwe're seeing is some--I hesitate to use the word—maybe some maturity in how thesupply chain thinks.  Thereisn't as much surplus in panel making capacity as there used to be. As the ITbusiness has achieved essentially maturity with penetration rates and monitorsbeing almost at 90% and television now moving well up. We may be seeing more ofan even utilization going forward. Thisraises the question whether we should be thinking more about year-over-yearcomparisons as being the primary metric that we talk about here. But we'redelighted, we think it's been very positive. And frankly it's been verypositive for our customers. Notice the recent announcements from the Taiwanesein terms of their MTAT as a percentage of sales, there's some stunning numbersbeing put on the board by our customers.
Curtis Woodworth- JPMorgan: Great.And in terms of the market is going to be clearly very tight in the fourthquarter and then maybe the supply eases up in 1Q. I mean, in terms of yourprice discussions, I know there is probably not a lot you can say, but on themargin, do you feel like the panel makers are more willing to commit to makethe longer term price agreements, relative to the past? Given concerns for shortages?
Wendell Weeks: WhatI would say is that we are feeling relatively confident that we could continueour pricing strategy that we started this year and continue to execute thatinto next year, and our dialogue so far with our customers have been positive.That being said, we've still got a lot of work ahead of us.
Curtis Woodworth- JPMorgan: Okay.And last question. In terms of the product mix and Display, looking out in 2008obviously TV is going to become much more part of the overall mix. So thequestion is, I'm not sure if you can answer it, if you look at ‘08 relative towhere your mix changed this year would you expect a more sizable mix shift nextyear to larger generation size substrates to meet that demand?
James Flaws: Thebase is so large now it's hard for any individual to move fast to make a bigchange statement. We have in Korea, we just have Samsung having started their Gen8 basicallyand that will be a plus for us. And hopefully Sharp’s Gen8 continues to ramp upand we've got the big 7.5s in Taiwan that are not yet at full ramp. So,that should be a help to us, but we also have people who have talked aboutputting additional Gen5 capacity in and so it's hard to say you're going to seesomething real material. Actually, if you look at our percentages we give outevery quarter, it's not like they’ve been moved dramatically any time.
Operator: Ournext question comes from Tim Daubenspeck from Pacific Crest Securities.  TimDaubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities Thankyou. The first question, I apologize if you stated this but can you tell mewhat the quarter-over-quarter price declines was backing out the exchangeimpact?
James Flaws: Quarter-over-quarter,for quarter three?
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific CrestSecurities: Yes.Q2 to Q3.
James Flaws: Q2to Q3 a year ago?
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific CrestSecurities: No,no, sequential, I apologize, it is sequential.
James Flaws: Itwas in line with our guidance very well.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific CrestSecurities: So,1% to 2% sequential?
James Flaws: Yes.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific CrestSecurities: Okay,and then there's been some discussion of LPL potentially selling the business. Couldthat potentially have any impact in terms of the share within the panel marketas some of those inherent Korean conflicts could potentially be removed?
Wendell Weeks: No,I think we're on a pretty level course right now with LPL. We always look atany sort of changes that are happening with our customers with great interest.But so far I would comment that things are progressing exactly as we would havethought and in line with our strategies.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific CrestSecurities: Andthen finally, in terms of 2008 telecom with the bendable fiber, are youbuilding in any expectations of share gains within cable and hardware in 2008?
Wendell Weeks: It'sstill a little early. Remember, we just completed our field trials with thefirst of our product family and we’ll going to just be starting tocommercialize in the quarter four with the first of the product family and thenwe have a number of other field trials in quarter four of other pieces of thatfamily for MDUs. Soit's a little early for us to be able to give any degree of accuracy. Whatexactly the revenue impact's going to be. This is a significant new product andas such, there’s a lot of excitement. But also as such it's going to take us alittle time to find out exactly how big an opportunity it is.
Operator: Ournext question comes from Carter Shoop from Deutsche Bank Securities.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche BankSecurities: Goodmorning. I wanted to talk about the glass business in 3Q when you look at thestandalone business excluding SCP I was a little bit surprised we didn't seemore upside there. I realize it was at the high end of expectations. Whenyou look at a lot of your panel customers, particularly in Taiwan, we saw those customers actually deliversubstantially above their guided range. Just to throw a few numbers at you, ifyou look at your customers, which I estimate represent roughly 50% of yourbusiness in the standalone glass business, your customers did about 32% inregards to a sequential gain in 3Q versus your 15%. Andthat compares to about 24% growth in 2Q for your customers where you did 12%.So while I understand inventory can sometimes have an impact there, it appearsthat you meaningfully underperformed those customers over the last two quartersand now you're looking for just in-line expectations. Socan you help me understand why there's a little bit of a disconnect there?
James Flaws: Wedon't think we meaningfully underperformed what they did. So we saw sequentialgrowth of 15%. And if you add up all of our customers, they were perhaps alittle bit greater than that. But we don't think there was a meaningfuldifference. We don't think we were losing share at our panel making customers.
Wendell Weeks: Ithink what you have to do is you have to step back and take a look at the totalmacro because we're so large in the market. You have to step back and take alook at the total. And if you just take a few customers and what happens withtheir particular shipments in any given quarter that is only one piece of itand then you put that together with the overall supply chain movements and it'sreally hard to conclude much. Intotal, we're really comfortable with where we are and where we're going to endup the year and that we're in line with market growth. So we feel pretty good.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche BankSecurities: Fairenough. We looked at the trend over the past three years and actually there'sbeen a very tight correlation and then it's really started to disconnect here alittle bit over the past two quarters. I wasn't sure if that was anything toworry about. But I guess we'll wait and see what happens in 4Q. Inregards to 4Q growth and expectations, are you limited at all, I know youmentioned that you are at full capacity; if capacity was a non-issue, would webe seeing a higher sequential number for guidance here?
James Flaws: Soyou're saying theoretically if we could make more, could we sell more?
Carter Shoop - Deutsche BankSecurities: Correct.
James Flaws: Sotheoretically yes, but it's hypothetical. 
Wendell Weeks: SoI think the right way to think about it is full capacity; it's tight and we'rescrambling, we're trying to make as much as we can for our customers, and wewill do our best. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche BankSecurities: Acouple of more quick ones here. On competitive pricing, have you seen anenvironment change at all with your two largest competitors in this quarter orlast quarter? 
James Flaws: OkayCarter, when we add up all the panel makers that exist in our base in Korea, we don't see area shipments from panel makers toset makers by our math being materially different from our 14% to 15%. Ithink sometimes people focus on just a few who give the numbers. Actually noteverybody does give area numbers. But in our best estimate and we generallyknow since we supply everybody what people are running at. Their shipment's out;we know what they tell us what their inventories are. We're not seeing a numberwhere that area numbers are substantially different from what we sawsequentially.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche BankSecurities: That'sincluding Korea?
James Flaws: Yes.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Securities: Alreadyexcluding Korea. I mean the SCP business looked like it trendedkind of in line with expectations. It was the non-SCP business that relates toour divergence and based on our checks, you are at least maintaining share withSharp and with these customers in Taiwan you get to about 70% of your overallbusiness. And those vendors are the ones you meaningfully outperformed you on asequential basis in 2Q and 3Q.
James Flaws: Ithink we disagree with that.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche BankSecurities: Okay.Fair enough. And the last question on the tax rate, a little bit belowexpectations in the quarter and then for guidance, where do you see thatshaking out for 2008 if you can comment on that?
James Flaws: Ihaven't given guidance yet for 2008 so we'll give comment later on. Did youwant to answer the pricing question?
Wendell Weeks: Sonot much to add beyond that our pricing strategy looks like it's working. Wedon't have any deep insight into exactly what's happening with our competitors'pricing but ours is going exactly as we laid out.
Operator: Ournext question comes from Daniel Gelbtuch from CIBC.
Daniel Gelbtuch - CIBC: Justas a follow up to that. With regard to the very tight environment it's prettyclear I don't know if you had any representatives at the DisplaySearch Conference,but it sounds like for the next two maybe even three years it's going to be atight environment. Areyou getting any pushback from your pricing strategy?
Wendell Weeks: Inmy experience, customers always would like lower prices, so there's alwayspushback. But I think the good new here is if we just step back to the beginningof the year when we laid out we were going to pursue this new pricing strategy,that at the same time we were going to convert all of our customers over to anew super green glass, as well as pursue Gen10 and we wanted to do all this,while maintaining our position in the market. Ithink the good news is we are into quarter four is all of that has occurred.So, from an operations standpoint, from an execution standpoint, we really aredelighted with where we are right now in Display. And as we look forward, rightnow it's a very positive environment for us to continue to execute ourstrategies.
Daniel Gelbtuch - CIBC: Okay.And as far as, just on a macro long-term view, where do you think the marketcan be growing in over the next two-three years on annual basis. What do youthink will be a fair supply estimate?
Wendell Weeks: Wewill update that when we get together with you all in February, give anothermultiyear outlook. One thing that we have said previously, and I think Jim justcovered at the beginning of the call is we have said that we anticipate nextyear to be up at least 400 million square feet as a market. Butwe haven't gone out further than that. We’d like a chance to update you on thatwhen we all get together in New York.
Daniel Gelbtuch - CIBC: Andthen just to switch gears to telecom, any update on what you see in the macroenvironment for '08 and '09? And I guess, for '08 and '09 for Corning, are there any other operating leverage leversthat you look to for '08 and '09?
Wendell Weeks: Letme start with overall market trend, and then let Jim comment on any levers. Sowhat we see there is really continued maturation of the fiber and the accessmarkets. At the beginning of the year, we said what we wanted to see happen wascontinued growth in Fiber-to–the-Premises, not only at Verizon but having someothers also adopt that technology and we have seen that happen. Andthen we wanted to see the fiber to the node type architectures also gainmomentum. And we've seen that as well. So as we look forward, we'd say that'sgoing to continue to be a source of growth for us, as customers around theworld pushing fiber deeper and deeper into the network.
Daniel Gelbtuch - CIBC: Asfar as operating levers for Corningper say, in any of your segments beyond LCD obviously?
James Flaws: Ithink the biggest lever will be the impact of diesel as we go through the nextcouple of years. We believe that the heavy duty truck manufacturers arebasically reaching the end of their, if you will, engines from last year,trucks from last year, and so we'll see good diesel growth again in 2008 and2009. Andthat will have substantial operating leverage for us as volume flows into ourfactory and as we continue to get better at manufacturing. So, I would saythat's the biggest lever that we have outside of LCD within our wholly owned.
Operator: Ournext question comes from John Anthony from Cowen & Company. JohnAnthony - Cowen & Company Goodmorning. Couple quick questions on Environmental. Can you give us a sense ofhow much of an impact, if any, the heavy duty versus light duty had on theoverall sales mix? In other words, is light duty big enough that it'smeaningfully contributing to diesel yet?
James Flaws: Yes.Light duty's definitely meaningful to us in terms of volume and is moving up interms of profitability. So definitely is becoming meaningful to us. Heavy dutyis still the most important to us right now.
John Anthony - Cowen & Company: Canyou give us a sense for the rough split within the diesel line, how much isheavy and medium and how much is light?
James Flaws: No,we’re not prepared to give that level of detail today.
John Anthony - Cowen & Company: Andcan you also give us a sense quickly for where the margins are in theEnvironmental business, specifically how diesel's been trending, and othervolumes aren't quite what you expected given the inventory levels that werebuild last year. But can you give us a sense of when we might see a sizableimprovement in the margins?
James Flaws: We'veseen it on improvement this year already and you will see another substantialimprovement next year driven primarily by diesel. So you're seeing it. Wedidn't get quite the volume we originally hoped this year. But we expect to getvolume next year and you’ll see a substantial move up in margins.
John Anthony - Cowen & Company: Okay.And Jim, is that margin improvement going to be based more on the volumeincrease or are there going to be adjustments to the cost structure and theproduction structure that will contribute there as well?
James Flaws: Youare going to get the utilization effect, you get the volume effect of sellingmore and in fact we already have fixed cost by and large in place for it, that'san effect for us, and we're improving our manufacturing. So you're going to seesubstantial operating leverage from diesel next year.
Operator: Ourlast question today comes from Ajit Pai from Thomas Weisel Partners 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Twoquick questions, the first one is regarding your quarterly cash flows. I meantypically the fourth quarter has the strongest cash flows of the year. Do youexpect that trend to continue? Andthen the second question would be about your telecom business, which is on the longhaul side. Can you just broadly geographically describe the trend you're seeingthere like in terms of North America, in terms of Europe and then in terms ofAsia - wherever there are trends that you can spot particularly?
James Flaws: Weexpect a very strong free cash flow performance in quarter four. You arecorrect. That is very often our best quarter during the course of the year.
Wendell Weeks: Andin telecom, we've seen a lot of strong growth in North America as well as in China and in Europe. Whenyou want to divide it by network type, though, the bulk of the growth, you'reseeing in the more developed markets is in the access piece of the market, Fiber-to-Node,Fiber-to-the-Prem, similar type architectures in Europe. As well where you're still seeing some good strong metro-build outin the less developed countries.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Right.The second plan that you brought out this year, could you give some color as towhat kind of progress has been made over there? Whether it’s progressing ontrack? Whether you’re ramping it faster than you expected at the same pace? Andwhere capacity utilization over there is right now?
Wendell Weeks: Sowe did two announcements this year. We did the Shanghai expansion of our facility in China as well as the restart of our Concord facility here in the U.S. Both are progressing very well. Of course we'vegot a lot of room for future growth in Concord but so far so good from an execution standpoint.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.Thank you.
James Flaws: I'dlike to wrap up with a few comments. First of all, for those of you who didn'tnotice, we had a new format on our press release this quarter in response tocomments of having some simpler headlines. If you have any feedback on it,please give it to Ken. Second,if you’ve seen in the investor related announcements, Peter Volanakis, ourPresident and Chief Operating Officer will be presenting at the UPS Technology Conferencein New York City on November 13. And on November 28, I'll bepresenting at the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale. Finally on December 6, Kate Asbeck our Senior VPof Finance will be presenting at the Lehman Brothers Technology Conference in San Francisco. And we certainly hope to see you at one of theseevents.  Regardingour results for the third quarter, we wouldn't have been more pleased. Thecompany hit all-time records as I said for gross margin, net income, EPS beforespecial items. As I mentioned the last call, we view these records as majormilestones given our long history. And we tend to deliver on our quarter fourresults. If we do, the company will have total new sales up approximately 12%and EPS ex-specials up well over 20%. So we're delighted with our performance.  Thanksfor joining us this morning. And we look forward to seeing you in the nearfuture. 
Ken Sofio: Thankyou, Jim, thank you, Wendell. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Aplayback of the call will be available begin at 10:30 A.M. Eastern Time today to 5:00 P.M. Eastern Time Wednesday November 7. To listen,dial 203-369-1538. No past word is required and the audio cast will also beavailable on our website during that time. Julianne,that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-25 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ken Sofio - Division VP, Investor Relations   Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman and CFO   Wendell Weeks - President and CEO 
Analysts: C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers   Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch   Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS   John Harmon - Needham & Company   Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan Chase & Company   Jeff Evanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company   Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners   Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs   Andrew Sussman – UBS 
Operator: Welcome to today's Corning second quarter conference call. Following today's presentation, there'll be a formal question answer session. Today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Leading today's conference call is Mr. Ken Sofio, Division Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you and welcome to Corning's second quarter conference call. This call is also being audiocast on our website. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and CFO will lead the discussion; and Wendell Weeks, Chairman and CEO will join for the Q&A.  Before I turn it over to Jim, please note today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company’s reports. 
Jim Flaws: Thanks, Ken and good morning, everyone. This morning we released our results for the second quarter, which can be found on our investor relations website. In addition, for those of you with web access, we posted several slides that will summarize the important data from this morning's prepared remarks. These slides will also be available on our website after the call as well.  Overall, our second quarter results were excellent, primarily the result of better than expected performance in display. Our second quarter sales were $1.42 billion, an increase of 8% over the first quarter and a 12% increase over the second quarter year ago. Our EPS before special items was $0.34 and exceeded the top end of our guidance range by a $0.01.  Net profit after tax, excluding special items, was $546 million, an increase of 21% versus the first quarter. In comparison to the first quarter of 2006, net profit after tax, excluding special items, was $125 million, up 30%. You should note that EPS and net profit after tax, excluding special items, are non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website.  We had two special items in the quarter. We recorded a pre- and after-tax charge of $76 million, primarily reflecting the increase in market value of Corning common stock to be contributed to settle the asbestos litigation related to Pittsburgh Corning. Corning’s share price increased during the quarter from $22.74 to $25.55.  We also incurred an after-tax gain of $19 million related to the sale of a non-strategic cabling operation. Including these two items, our second quarter GAAP EPS was $0.30 per share.  Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in the second quarter was 46.5%, slightly higher than the first quarter and an all-time record for Corning. SG&A was $229 million, about 16% of sales. RD&E was $137 million, about 10% of sales.  Equity earnings were $220 million in the second quarter compared to $216 million in the first quarter. Higher than expected earnings from Samsung Corning Precision were mostly offset by operating losses and $10 million in net restructuring charges at Samsung Corning CRT.  Our tax rate in the second quarter, excluding the impact of special items, was only 6% and much lower than we estimated. The lower tax rate was due in part to the release of reserve in the quarter, which was a result of a favorable tax ruling in Taiwan. The favorable ruling contributed $17 million or $0.01 per share to our second quarter EPS. In addition, we have now lowered our full-year tax rate forecast from our prior range of 15% to 18% to a range of 14% to 15%.  Wrapping up our income statement, our share count for the second quarter was 1.6 billion shares.  Now, let me start through the segments. Starting with display, sales were $610 million in the second quarter, a 16% increase compared to the first quarter sales of $524 million. Glass demand was stronger than we anticipated. Glass volume increased 20% sequentially in the second quarter versus our guidance of 8% to 12%. I'll comment on more detail on this in a moment.  Regarding glass pricing, our new strategy continued to work as we expected in the second quarter. Pricing declines were consistent with our guidance. It should come as no surprise that we will continue this pricing strategy in the third quarter.  Regarding foreign exchange, the impact of the U.S. dollar exchange rate was a slight negative during the second quarter compared to the first. As a reminder, all of our glass is sold in yen. Pricing guidance we provide is on a yen-per-square-foot basis. As a result, changes in the yen to dollar exchange rate do not impact pricing.  Equity earnings from SCP were $132 million in the second quarter, an increase of 17% versus the first quarter equity earnings of $113 million. SCP sequential volume increased 20% in the second quarter, which was also much higher than we anticipated. As expected, price declines at SCP in the second quarter were in line with our wholly-owned business. For modeling purposes, SCP second quarter sales were $574 million compared to $484 million in the first quarter.  Net income in the display segment, which includes the equity earnings, was $486 million the second quarter, an increase of 28% compared to the first quarter net income of $380 million. The increase is primarily the result of the volume growth, strong operating performance and the lower taxes.  Display gross margin percent increased in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. In comparison to the second quarter of last year, sales in our display segment increased 32% as volume gains of 57% were partially offset by price declines and unfavorable foreign exchange rate movements.  As I mentioned a moment ago, our second quarter display volume was higher than we anticipated. We believe this was mostly supply chain driven and not resulting from a change in end market demand, although we don't have final end market statistics yet, and we have seen some reports of stronger IT demand.  We believe the supply chain's approach to meeting the impact of television seasonality on the overall LCD industry is continuing to evolve. Clearly the panel makers’ decisions to run at lower utilizations in the first quarter and maintain smaller amounts of panel inventory was a refreshing change from last year. Our customer checks in May and June indicate the aggregate panel inventory is currently within acceptable levels. Further evidence of this can be found in the panel makers’ decisions to maintain, or actually slightly raise, panel prices in the second quarter.  We have a hypothesis that the supply chain has built some inventory at the set assembly level. As we have stated in the past, the set assembly level is the more opaque portion of the supply chain to us. We model the glass impact of shipments to panel makers, from panel makers to set assembly, from set assembly to retail, and finally retail sales to customers. We feel that we have good information on the inventories of glass at our panel makers and of their panel inventories. We must model the inventories at the set level. We have no evidence that our estimate of inventories at the set assembly level is successive. We think the supply chain may be acting more rationally to build inventory slightly earlier for the second half demand levels.  We think this would be consistent with our view that we expressed earlier this year that panel-making capacity would be tighter this year, especially in the second half. We told investors earlier that we felt the panel makers actually could limit the end market if they began their ramp too late. We also suspect that rising panel prices may have led some set makers to purchase panels sooner than expected, in an effort to avoid higher price panel purchases later in the year. These factors may have contributed for the stronger demand for us in the second quarter.  As I mentioned, we have no change to our full-year forecast of glass market growth. We still believe the glass market will grow between 35% and 40% and the glass capacity is capped at around 40% for the industry. This all means that we ship some glass slightly earlier in the year than we originally expected.  On the retail side, our preliminary data suggests the end market demand remained on track. As always, I'd like to stress that our second quarter market information is only preliminary at this time. This data represents our view and is based on a variety of sources. Be clear, the data we reference here relates to shipments from PC manufacturers and TV set makers to retailers.  Starting with notebooks, about 22 million were shipped in the second quarter, in line with our expectations and fairly consistent with the first quarter. As a percentage of computers sold, notebooks remained about 39%.  For LCD monitors, about 37 million were shipped in the second quarter, also in line with our expectations and consistent with the first quarter. We believe the penetration of LCD monitors remained at 88%.  Moving to LCD television, about 15 million units were shipped compared to 14 million in the first quarter. More importantly, however, the penetration of LCD television into the worldwide color television market was estimated to be 34% in the second quarter, up from 31% in the first quarter.  We know there was some investor reaction earlier in quarter 2 to announcements by two U.S. consumer electronics retailers that their flat panel television shipments were lower compared to the previous quarter. Those announcements were not a surprise to us. Second quarter is typically the weakest quarter for television sales in the U.S., especially compared to a seasonally strong first quarter, which includes Super Bowl discounts. Investors should also note that only about 20% of all color televisions sold worldwide are sold in the United States. Our view of worldwide television demand remains unchanged. We still anticipate approximately 73 million LCD televisions will be shipped this year.  Now moving to an update on our glass mix. Mix of Gen 5 and higher in the second quarter was 88%, consistent with the first quarter. Mix of Gen 5.5, 6, 7, and 8 glass was 52% in the second quarter and slightly higher than the first quarter.  I'll wrap up display by commenting on Eagle XG. Our conversion continues to go well. Eagle XG represented over 70% of our glass production at the end of the second quarter. We are well on track to convert close to 100% of our glass to Eagle XG by the end of the year. SCP has also now begun ramping up Eagle XG production in the second quarter and we have now begun discussions with several brand manufacturers and retailers about promoting the green in our glass as an additional selling point.  Now moving to the environmental segment, sales in the second quarter were $191 million, an increase of 7% over the first quarter sales of $179 million. The increase was due to the continued ramp of heavy duty diesel products and strong auto demand in Europe. Auto product sales were about $128 million in the second quarter, up slightly over the first quarter sales of $123 million. Diesel product sales were $63 million in the second quarter, an increase of 12% over the first quarter sales of $56 million.  We were also pleased to see another quarter of improvement in the environmental segment net income. Segment net income was $14 million in the second quarter, up from $9 million in the first quarter. The improvement in net income was primarily due to higher volumes and stronger manufacturing.  In comparison to a year ago, the environmental segment sales increased 26%, driven by the higher auto and diesel volume. Diesel sales increased 62% over last year's second quarter. While we still anticipate sale of diesel products to grow around 60% for the full year, the ramp of heavy duty diesel products has been slower than we originally anticipated and the lower U.S. engine sales caused by last year's prebuy, as well as some impact of the slowdown in domestic freight shipments.  In the life sciences segment, sales in the second quarter were $78 million, a slight increase over the first quarter sales of $76 million. Segment results were breakeven in the second quarter and consistent with the first quarter.  Now turning to the telecommunications segment, sales in the second quarter were $438 million and consistent with the first quarter. Our second quarter sales were impacted by the divestiture of a non-strategic cabling operation at the end of April. Excluding this divestiture, telecom sales would have been up 5% sequentially. The growth in second quarter sales was lower than we expected, primarily due to weaker equipment sales in Europe caused in part by a labor strike at major customer and a more level purchasing pattern by our major fiber to the premise customer.  Sales of hardware and equipment products were $219 million in the second quarter, a decrease of 4% from the first quarter sales of $228 million. The lower sales were due in part to a labor strike at one of our larger European customers. Sales in our fiber cable products in the second quarter were $219 million, an increase of 4% over the first quarter sales of $211 million. Sales increase is primarily due to strong fiber demand, including projects for premium fiber. Fiber to the premises sales, which are primarily hardware and equipment-related, were $73 million in the second quarter and only slightly higher than the first quarter.  In summary, we believe the weaker-than-expected sales performance in telecom was event-driven, rather than beginning of a market trend. This is evidenced by our higher expectations for the third quarter, which I'll discuss in the outlook.  Net income on the telecommunications segment was $40 million in the second quarter compared to $29 million in the first quarter. As a reminder, the second quarter included $19 million and a one-time gain on the sale of the non-strategic business.  You may have seen our announcement last week about the upcoming expansion of draw capacity at our Shanghai fiber manufacturing facilities. Fiber market volume in China is expected to more than double this decade. Expansion of our Shanghai facility will ensure that we have adequate capacity to meet this opportunity and maintain our strong position in the China fiber market. Expansion will begin immediately and is expected to be completed in 2009. Capital required is included in our previously announced spending plans for the year.  We are also very excited by the new breakthrough optical fiber technology that we announced earlier this week: The technology is based on a nanostructure optical fiber design that will allow cable fiber to be bent around very tight corners with virtually no signal loss. The technology will solve a current technical challenge for telecommunication carriers installing fiber to the home networks, especially in multiple dwelling units. By making fundamental changes in the way light travels in the fiber, we were able to create a new optical fiber that is 100 times more bendable than a standard fiber.  With over 600 million multiple dwelling units around the world and over 25 million in the United States alone, there is a sizable addressable market. We plan on introducing a full suite of new optical fiber, cable, and hardware equipment products based on this nanostructure technology at the fiber to the home conference in Orlando on September 30th.  Now moving to our other segment, sales in the second quarter were $101 million, up 13% compared to the first quarter sales of $89 million.  Moving on to Dow Corning, equity earnings were $88 million compared to $92 million in the first quarter. Excluding the change in tax rates, which drove a one-time gain in the first quarter, equity earnings were sequentially flat as expected. Sales for Dow Corning, which are not consolidated were $1.23 billion, a 16% increase over the last year. Equity earnings for Dow Corning were up 24% compared to quarter 2 of 2006, excluding their major IRS settlement last year.  [MWalk] is having another good year. We don't have any major new capacity coming on stream this year. [MWalk] operations group is trying to maximize output this year. The silicone side of Dow Corning has struggled with raw material costs increases in the first half. They have worked to raise prices to recover some of the gap. We think we have seen the peak in some of these material costs, and are more hopeful for the second half.  Moving to our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with about $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments, up from $2.9 billion at the end of the first quarter. Free cash flow was $257 million in the second quarter. Based on our strong free cash flow in the first half and our forecast for the second half, we now believe our free cash flow this year will be in excess of $600 million.  I'm very pleased to report that we recently achieved two very important financial milestones. First of all, all three rating agencies have now upgraded us to BBB+ or the equivalent in the last month.  Second, I'm sure most of you saw our announcement about our decision to return cash to our shareholders. Last week our board approved the distribution of a third quarter dividend of $0.05 per share and approved the repurchase of 500 million of common stock between now and the end of 2008. The aggregate third quarter dividend is estimated to be approximately $80 million in cash.  We have come a long way in improving the financial health of the company to be in the position to take these steps. This decision reflects our confidence in our ability to continue to generate positive free cash flow in the future and being able to continue to invest in our current businesses and emerging technologies. Ultimately, these investments are the primary driver to create value.  We believe the company's on the verge of one of the most productive R&D decades in our history. We will need to make continued investments in research and development and capital spending to commercialize these emerging technologies. These would include, Epic, green laser, single crystal silicon and glass and micro reactors. We believe these investments have the potential to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. I'd like to give you a brief update on some of them in the outlook later on.  Moving down the balance sheet, accounts receivable was $793 million at the end of the second quarter, up slightly from $781 million at the end of the first quarter. Our inventory decreased slightly during the quarter from $685 million to $677 million.  Now turning to the outlook, I would like to wrap up providing guidance on the third quarter. We expect sales to be between $1.525 billion and $1.75 billion and EPS, excluding specials, to be between $0.34 and $0.37.  Moving to our segment guidance, we expect LCD glass volume to be up 10% to 15% sequentially in the third quarter for our wholly-owned business. Based on our first half volume and Q3 guidance, we expect our glass volume to be 37% to 40% higher for the first three quarters over last year. We expect glass volume at SCP to be up between 5% and 10% sequentially in the third quarter.  As a reminder, investors should not model what happened last year in terms of quarterly glass shipments to this year. It is now evident that the supply chain is behaving differently this year as part of its evolution. We are actually pleased with the cycle as it's playing out so far in 2007.  Regarding our third quarter glass pricing, our strategy will be consistent with the first and second quarters.  Moving on to the telecommunications segment, we anticipate third quarter sales to be up around 10% sequentially, excluding the sales from the business we divested in quarter 2. Growth will be driven by an increase in private network projects and demand for hardware and equipment sales in Europe. Equipment demand will be driven by renewed purchasing from a major customer in Germany, as well as a new European fiber to the premise customer.  For your modeling purposes, the cabling business that we divested in the second quarter had $118 million in annual sales last year and made no money.  We anticipate our environmental segment sales will be flat sequentially as increased demand for our diesel products will be offset by seasonally weaker auto demand.  In the life sciences segment, we expect sales to be flat to down 5% sequentially as market demand is seasonally weaker in quarter 3.  Other segment sales are expected to be up 10% to 15% sequentially in the third quarter.  Moving down the income statement for your modeling purposes, gross margins for the company will be between 47% and 48% in the third quarter, a slight increase over our record in the second quarter. SG&A is expected to be approximately 15% to 16% of sales and R&D expected to be around 10% of sales in the third quarter. We anticipate equity and earnings in the third quarter to be up about 10% sequentially, due primarily to increased volume at SCP. Dow Corning’s equity earnings will be consistent with Q2.  Regarding our tax rate for the third quarter, it's expected to be around 17%. The positive one-time tax event that lowered our tax rate in Q2 doesn't reoccur in Q3. The 17% rate includes our forecasted annual rate of 14% to 15%, plus a $14 million increase in tax expense to adjust for taxes caused by a rate change in Germany.  While on the subject of taxes, in February we promised investors we would provide more transparency on this call about when we would have to begin recognizing tax expense on U.S. income. We know this issue is on some investors' minds. I'm delighted to say after our recent in-depth review of our deferred tax asset, we believe that it is likely that Corning will not have to recognize tax expense on U.S. income until 2009 at the earliest. Based on our forecast, we believe our tax rate would move to a mid-20% rate when we do start recognizing U.S. tax expense.  As a reminder, as a company we don't anticipate paying cash taxes on United States generated income for many years. Our net operating loss is approximately $5 billion and does not begin to expire until the year 2023. We'll continue to review our deferred tax assets and update investors in the future if there are any material changes.  Lastly for your modeling purposes, you should again use 1.6 billion shares for the third quarter when calculating EPS before special items. One other comment on shares, as I mentioned in the past, you should expect some executive selling over the next few weeks. As always, for executives who decide to sell stock, we encourage the use of the period after our quarterly earnings announcement. Our senior executives can have as much of 75% of their compensation in Corning stock, and we expect them to monetize some of these earnings, and in fact encourage them to sell small amounts of their holdings every quarter, regardless of price.  One note on the impact of foreign exchange rates on our guidance. Our third quarter guidance is based on a yen to U.S. dollar rate of 122. If the yen to dollar rate were to average two points higher or lower in the third quarter, we estimate our overall sales and net income after tax would be impacted by about $10 million. This includes the projected impact of any currency hedging programs.  Investors should note that we translate our display results every day, so the yen would have to make a drastic move upward at the beginning of a quarter and remain there for the remainder of the quarter to have any material impact on our results compared to our guidance.  Now before moving on to Q&A, I'd like to provide some transparency into our emerging businesses. There has been much investor interest in our R&D program. We will start with Epic, the world’s first high throughput, label-free drug screening system. The system consists of a proprietary reader and a 384 well microplate. Each system will be capable of reading 40,000 wells in an eight-hour shift. The good news here is that the microplates are disposable so you can think about them as our razor blades. We plan on having more than a dozen of these reader machines in place at major labs across the country by the end of the year. There are a number of machines already in place today in the early feedback from those customers has been very positive.  Moving to green lasers, we continue to receive very positive feedback from potential customers on the use of this technology. Our green laser, when with available red and blue lasers and a light engine, can create a full color video capability with high-quality image. The technology could be used in microprojectors for heads-up displays in automobiles, and small portable applications such as cell phones and PDAs. We currently have several customers testing our prototypes. Please stay tuned for further updates.  One more comment on our EPS guidance of $0.34 to $0.37 per share. Keep in mind that our Q2 results are about $0.01 higher due to the one-time Taiwanese tax benefits I mentioned earlier. In the third quarter, we anticipate an adjustment to our German tax rate, which will negatively impact our quarter 3 results by $0.01. The impact of this event will not be treated as a special and is included in our EPS guidance of $0.34 to $0.37. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. We're ready to take some questions now. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers. 
 C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: First on the tax rate. Jim, can you talk about the negative impact of the $0.01 out of Germany? Is that included in the 17% tax rate guidance? 
Jim Flaws:  Yes, it is. 
 C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers:  Could you also provide what a tax rate range would look like for 2008? 
Jim Flaws: The tax rate for third quarter is 17% and includes the $0.01. The tax rate for the full year of the company will be 14% to 15%. I don't know for sure the tax rate next year, but I would be very surprised if it was materially different from the 14% to 15%. 
 C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Some concerns out there about building TV inventory. Can you tell us what kind of visibility you have from your customers, the panel makers, and how far that extends? 
Jim Flaws:  Well the panel makers give our forecast to us that go out well over a year. The difficulty is always that that they can change those forecasts. Generally they don't do that any shorter than a month away, but we have good forecasts going out well into next year.  Basically, as we saw in the second quarter, people did take more than what they had previously told us they would. So we actually got to a rate of shipping a little bit higher than what we had expected the past quarter, and actually we ended up reducing our inventory. Remember, you may recall we were planning to meet some of the second half demand out of our inventory that we made in the second quarter. 
 C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: On the ASP side of things, do you see a mix benefit coming in the second half? And then for Samsung Corning CRT, is there going to be ongoing negative impact from that business? 
Jim Flaws:  I don't think you'll see a real positive mix going forward. The overall demand is so large that if there were to be one, it would be very, very slight. Samsung CRT is a challenge to us. You will see in our 10-Q that we release in a few days that we're talking about we expect to see charges of $50 million to $100 million over the course of the next year.  We're obviously, as the CRT business is winding down, their operations are declining, they are laying off people, we're hoping to keep that, a minimal amount, into our regular operating results and hopefully most of the write-offs will be specials going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch. 
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: First of all, on the bendable fiber product, I was wondering if there's any color you can add about how quickly that could be meaningful to revenues? Is this more like a 2009 type of story? Could it have some kind of impact next year? 
 Wendell Weeks:  We will introduce it later this year. We have a whole brand new suite of products based on this nano structure technology that we're going to introduce at the fiber to the home conference in Orlando on September 30th. We would expect to be in commercial production late this year and we would expect some impact from this beginning in '08.  I think that makes this a little bit difficult to call on timing, Steve, is that this is such a unique product set. There's nothing really like it out there today. Basically you can bend it like copper but you've got the bandwidth like fiber. When you have something that that's dramatically different, it really acts like a platform technology. What we have to do is develop the specific applications and have our customers get used to this really brand new product set. As you may have seen in the Fortune article, Verizon’s comments are extremely positive about it, and they can’t wait for us to finish our development and get it into commercial production. 
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Just around the margins, Jim. when I looked at the telecom margins if I did my math right, it looked like they improved even though there was some revenue drag during the quarter. Can you give a little detail on why that happened? With the ramp of green glass in the quarter, is that a net drag or benefit to margins reported for the display business? 
Jim Flaws: Telecom gross margin actually was slightly lower than versus Q1, just slightly, so margins didn't really change there. The loss business in Europe was slightly higher mix benefit to us so that was a disappointment. It was a material move, but it was a slight down.  Eagle XG is one of the things that is contributing to our ability to sustain this very high rate of cost reduction. It is a not a negative to us, it is a positive to us. As you saw, our overall performance on gross margins did improve in the display business, and Eagle XG is part of that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS. 
 Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: First on the FTTP business. Historically in the last couple of years the business has typically been lower in the second half of the year versus the first half. Do you think that that's the normal seasonality this year, as well? Given the ramps of the deployment do you think the seasonality will be different this year? 
Jim Flaws:  Well, actually we have yet to have a consistent pattern on this, seasonality on this, perfectly quarter by quarter. But what we do believe is that Verizon with their new ordering systems is more level-loaded. So we're hopeful of that as we go through the course of the year. 
 Wendell Weeks: One thing I'd add to that is, you may have missed it in the comments, I think the best news on fiber to the premise for this quarter is in our guidance for quarter 3, which is we are saying that we're expecting to add in our revenues in quarter 3 a new significant fiber to the premise customer in Europe. So that will also once again sort of change the pattern of the sales revenue as we bring that other new, significant customer on stream. 
 Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: And on my second question, in listening to some of the panel makers in their recent earnings calls as they give preliminary outlooks for 2008, initial comments from them kind of suggest glass volume growth in the 20% to 25% range.  I know it's early, but do you have a view as to whether that number is a reasonable estimate? Does it look conservative given that the growth this year is going to be 35% to 40%? 
Jim Flaws:  Well, the percent is going to continue to come down simply because of the embedded base. What we talked about is we grew about 400 million square feet last year; a little over 400 million this year. Our last public update was about another 400 million growth next year. So as a percent, the number is definitely is going to be coming down. We haven't updated that outlook and we will do so the back half of the year after we see the strength of television. The percent definitely has been slowing and frankly it's been slowing for three years. 
 Wendell Weeks: Nikos, with the quality of your models, what you should be paying attention to is the actual square feet. In our last public update we said it was another 400 million square feet next year and we'll continue to update that as we know more. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Harmon - Needham. 
 John Harmon - Needham: First of all, on the new fiber that you announced is that a platonic band gap fiber and is it manufacturable with normal draw towers or do you need to develop special tools? Secondly, I was curious if there was a way to discuss how aggressively you had to implement your new pricing strategy on LCD glass amidst rapidly growing volumes. 
 Wendell Weeks:  So to the first question on the new nano structured base fiber, I think one of the most exciting things about this product is it's fully standards compliant. It's fully field compliant unlike the platonic band gap fibers, which by the way, I think we still have the highest performing platonic band gap fiber, as well.  The next part was that we can make this on our existing manufacturing platforms, which I think is also very exciting and makes our customers feel very comfortable that we can do it in volume and get good, strong, productivity in cost performance over time. So we are able to get significantly new product features without having to fundamentally change our manufacturing base. 
Jim Flaws: On your question for pricing for LCD, maybe you can rephrase, John; I'm not sure I caught what you meant by aggressively. 
 John Harmon - Needham: On a scale of 1 to 10 or how actively have you really had to withhold volume to keep pricing where you want it to be since you were fairly surprised on the upside? 
Jim Flaws:  Well, we aren't withholding volume at all to achieve pricing. What we've done is moderately reduced pricing in the first couple of quarters and expect to do that again consistently in the third quarter. While our customers, some of them aren't thrilled with the moderate level compared with the prior year, they're all taking glass and obviously in some cases taking more than they originally told us. We're not doing any withholding to achieve the pricing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan. 
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan: I was wondering if you could comment on the sequential margin performance in the display business. It seemed like margins were only up a little bit sequentially despite a pretty massive operating leverage ramp on the volume. Any thoughts there would be appreciated. 
Jim Flaws:  Well, we were delighted with the gross margin moving up. It's not going to move around violently. Pricing was down a little bit in our cost performance was also down and two of those things contributed to a slight uptick in gross margin. But we were delighted by the improvement. You should not expect to see gross margins move up and down 5 points in a quarter. The business doesn't move that way. 
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan: So it looks like margins were up about 100 basis points on a 20% ramp in volume. That's kind of a fair way to characterize the leverage? 
Jim Flaws:  The gross margins were up slightly more than that but it's very complicated. It depends on how much glass we ran, whether we were taking it out of inventory, running the finishing lines. It's not a simplistic this is what the fixed cost is. As you may remember, what is best for us is to run our glass tanks full all the time. 
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan: In terms of your comments on the inventory build at the set top maker level, are you seeing that reflected in any change in panel-maker utilization rates currently today? 
Jim Flaws:  No, we are not. That's what leads us to believe that the panel-making industry is behaving quite rationally about this. We don't think there's any alarm out there about it being backed up at the set assembly level. We think this is a more rational approach to dealing with the dynamics of television being so second half loaded. So we have not seen any change in utilization rates in the third quarter as a result. In fact, we are seeing demand move up move up in the third quarter.  One of the things that I'm hopeful investors understand is that when you think about our original expectations for the quarter and what we would have had as expectation in the third quarter in terms of sequential increases, we moved up quicker in the second quarter. We're not seeing it go down. They're moving up again, getting to the level we would have expected. 
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan:  On the new fiber customer in Europe, can you quantify at all the potential there? The fiber to the home deployment or any other color would be appreciated. 
 Wendell Weeks:  This is a full fiber-to-the-premise application, so fiber-to-the-home. It will have a revenue opportunity per home similar to what we have with our existing U.S. fiber to the premise customer. It is significant in size. So if they continue with this program, it is a very significant add for us. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein. 
 Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: A couple questions on the bendable fiber. One is wondering if you could give us any insight into your revenue opportunity per home? Second, Jonathan Swartz, Sun CEO recently commented on his blog that in their designs for data centers, they are often limited in what they can do by the bend radius of fiber, and wondering if your new fiber has any opportunities on the private network side? 
 Wendell Weeks: Two great questions. It is early, still Jeff for us to give guidance on the pricing with which we will enter the market with this new product. It will be a premium product, but the exact amount of it we have yet to determine, or at least we're unwilling to talk about at this point in time.  To the second point that you raise about data centers, private networks and that in many ways bend radius is a significant problem in those applications, this a platform technology. We expect to turn next to the premises and data center market. That would be the next priority and we think this definitely has applications in that market, as well.  I should also add that right now where you hear us concentrating is on the fundamental concept of you can bend this like copper, but you still have the bandwidth like fiber. You should also note that this is another very interesting attribute from this process which we developed to embed the nano structures in the cladding to better capture light in the core that brings other optical properties that is we think we can exploit in a variety of different markets and applications above and beyond; and be used in the public network as you point out, data centers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just looking at your fiber demand, a lot of it right now is being driven by FTTX and just given some of the shorter reach applications also typically require less of strands of fiber within a cable. Can you give us some color as to your overall volume how much is FTTX right now? Over the next two to three years, total number of fiber miles, how much you'd expect that to shift to?  Secondly, I think you did talk about the fiber demand. In the near term, you are probably not seeing a trend. Can you give us a status update on Concord and whether things there are ramping at the pace which you expected? Also when you'd sort of reach a capacity utilization benchmark of above 20%? 
 Wendell Weeks:  Well, let's adjust both questions. Let me start with your second question because I think it is important to note that in Q2, the event we were talking about with a major European customer having a labor strike, that primarily impacted our hardware and equipment business. Overall demand in Europe for fiber was pretty good.  We continue to be on track in Concord and then you seen our announcement in China, as well. We anticipate China demand to double in this decade on an annual basis, which is why we're expanding our Shanghai operations, as well. The bulk of this demand will be in the access piece of the market.  Yes, the strands are as you point out, shorter, but there's a lot more of them. Really 80% or more of the future fiber demand is tied up in the access pieces of the market because there's so many more connections to be done. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: The second question would be just looking at your competitor dynamics and capacity coming online at the two competitors in the display business, [Sahi] and NEG the two largest, could you give us some color as to you think the amount of capacity they are bringing online is exceeding market growth or whether it's lower than your projected market growth? 
Jim Flaws: We believe that our major competitors are bringing on capacity just slightly above our view of the end market growth. It's not even by quarter. Both of them have very large tanks. When they bring on a tank in a quarter, it might seem like a large mount.  What we have seen by their public announcements and obviously looking at construction of their sites, we think what they're bringing on is basically just slightly above the end market growth that we've been forecasting for glass. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs. 
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering as we look into the back of the year and into next year it seems in the back of this year you will certainly running your glass tanks pretty close to full. You'll be transitioning almost everything to the Eagle XG glass and the cost reductions that you have been doing on an annual basis over the last several years seem on track, too.  We've seen gross margins increase pretty steadily for the overall company for the last couple of quarters. Why shouldn't that continue into next year? Should we be thinking about margins closer to 50% for next year as we look at that trajectory and those trends in your business? Thanks. 
Jim Flaws: Brant, I'm not quite ready to give 2008 guidance. But what we believe is if our pricing strategy and LCDs continues to work in the next year at moderate level and we keep up cost reduction, that would be good for display business. We're quite delighted with the high margins in display where they are today. Depending on the relative mix of display within the overall corporation and the growth rate in the other businesses, that will determine the corporate rate.  Clearly, diesel should be a real help again next year if we are correct about the impact of prebuy fading away, and we should see a big improvement from diesel. It's more likely that our gross margin for the corporation will grow again next year, but I'm not prepared to give a number at this point. 
Operator:  Our final question comes from Andrew Sussman - UBS. 
 Andrew Sussman – UBS: My question centers on the transition from production of fiber from Wilmington over to Concord. The first thing I was hoping that you could remind me as to when that is going to stop. I also wanted to know the new nano-enhanced product, the fiber product, is that going to be produced in Concord or in Wilmington? The final question is, how should I think about the operating, gross and other margins during that transition? 
 Wendell Weeks: First, Andrew, we're not transitioning from one plant to another. What we're doing is we're actually just adding to our overall production by restarting our Concord plant. Also, of course, with our expansion in China, as well. Our current plan is to produce the nanostructure enhanced fiber in Wilmington.  Jim, I'll leave it to you on the margin answer. 
Jim Flaws: What we've talked about before is the Concord restart would cost us about $5 million. So it really is not material to this year. Once Concord has restarted next year, its variable margins will actually be the same as Wilmington. It'll be a contributor at that point in time. It really isn't going to be much of a distortion this year and will be a contributor this year.  To wrap up I have a few comments. First of all, Wendell and I will be meeting with investors during a lunch session in Boston on July 31st. If you're interested in attending, please contact Ken.  Wendell will also be presenting at the Citigroup technology conference in New York City on September 5th. On September 19th, Kay Asbeck, our SVP of Finance, will be presenting at the Bank of America conference in San Francisco. So we hope to see you at one of those events.  Regarding our results for the second quarter, we could not have been more pleased. The company hit all time records for gross margin, net profit after-tax, and EPS before special items. A very pleasing accomplishment, particular when you note that our current gross margins are actually higher than at any time during the telecom market boom of '99 and 2000.  We think we're heading into the third quarter with excellent momentum. In display the television market looks solid, Eagle XG is well on track and our pricing strategy is working. In diesel, we're seeing the 60% year-over-year revenue growth and in telecom, there's obviously a lot of excitement about our new bendable fiber.  We hope that investors are pleased with the news on our tax rate for this year being lower than we originally expected and also the longer term view for 2008 and 2009. We also hope investors are pleased with the share buyback and dividend announcements from this past week. We promised investors that management and the board would address this topic this year and we have.  Lastly, looking forward, we continue to believe our strategic framework is working. We are executing on the businesses of today. We're investing for the businesses of tomorrow and are continuing to protect the financial health of the company.  Thanks for joining us this morning and we look forward to seeing you in the very near future. Ken. 
Ken Sofio :  Thank you Jim, thank you, Wendell and thank you all for joining us. A play back of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today and will run through 5 p.m. Eastern time on Wednesday, August 8th. To listen dial 402-220-9725. No password is required. The audiocast is also available on our website during that time.  Operator, that concludes our call this morning. Please disconnect all lines.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-24 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Ken Sofio - Director of IR   Wendell Weeks - President and CEO   Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman and CFO 
Analysts: Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein   Michael Walker - Credit Suisse   John Harmon - Needham & Company   Ajit Pai - Thomas Wiesel Partners   Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan   John Roberts - Buckingham   Steve Fox - Merrill Lynch   Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS   Jeff Osborne - CIBC   Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs   Daryl Armstrong - Citigroup   C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. All parties will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Division Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Lisa, good morning everyone. Welcome to Corning's fourth quarter conference call. This call also has been audio-cast on our website. Jim Flaws, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion and Wendell Weeks, our President and Chief Executive Officer will join for the Q&A.  Before I turn the call over to Jim, you should all note that today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements do involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Jim Flaws: Thanks Ken, good morning every one. This morning we released our results for the fourth quarter which can be found on our Investor Relations website. In addition for those of you with web access, we have posted several slides that will summarize the important data from this morning’s prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our website after our call as well.  Overall our fourth quarter results were excellent lead by strong volume and operating performance in our Display business as well as higher equity earnings. Our fourth quarter sales were $1.37 billion an increase of 7% over the third quarter and a 14% increase over fourth quarter sales a year ago. Our EPS before special items was $0.31 exceeding the top end of our guidance range by $0.02 and pre expectations by $0.03.  Our higher than expected EPS was driven by strong operating performance in Display, higher equity earnings from both SCP and Dow Corning. Net profit after-tax excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $488 million, an increase of 8% over the third quarter. In comparison to the fourth quarter of 2005 net profit after-tax excluding special items was up $144 million or 42%. You should note that EPS and net profit after-tax excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website.  We had a few special items in the fourth quarter. We recorded a pre-tax and after-tax gain of $139 million primarily reflecting the decrease in market value of Corning common stock we contributed to settle the asbestos litigation related to Pittsburgh Corning. Corning share price decreased during the fourth quarter from $24.41 to $18.71. While on the topic of Pittsburgh Corning, let me provide you an update.  On December 21, the judge handling the case denied the plan of reorganization of both sides we have been working towards last few years. We and others currently have motions for reconsideration will be argued in the court on February 13. Clearly our objective is to go forward with the current plan of reorganization. We will update you on this further news and I will discuss this at our Annual Investor Conference on February 9.  In the fourth quarter, we also incurred a pre-tax and after-tax charge of $44 million related to restructuring impairment, an European cabling entity in our telecom segment. In addition, we also recorded an after-tax gain of $35 million to reflect the release of valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets in German, as one of our entities there now has demonstrated it’s been profitability.  Lastly, we reported a net non-recurring after-tax gain of $28 million driven apart by the sale of land at our Samsung Corning CLT equity venture. Including these special items our fourth quarter EPS was $0.41 per share.  Now continuing down the income statement, gross margin of fourth quarter was 44%, which was consistent with the third quarter in-line with our expectations, this also consistent with the fourth quarter of last year. SG&A was $222 million in the fourth quarter about 16% of sales. RD&E was $138 million, about 10% of sales. Interest income was $36 million in the fourth quarter, up $4 million sequentially. The increase is primarily reflection of a higher cash balance we had during the quarter.  Equity earnings were $272 million in the fourth quarter compared to 232 in the third quarter. Fourth quarter equity earnings included the $28 million non-recurring gain at Samsung Corning CLT that I mentioned a moment ago. The remaining increase was due to the strong performance at SCP that helped Corning.  Our tax rate in the fourth quarter excluding special items was 13% and in line with our guidance. Share count for the fourth quarter was 1.596 billion shares and consistent with the third quarter.  Now, before I move into the segment results for the quarter, I would like to recap our financial results for the full year of 2006. 2006 represented our fourth consecutive year of significant rebound from the telecom depression. What makes this past year such a stand out was that it broke many of our previous financial records including those at the peak of the telecom boom in 2000.  Let me start with sales. 2006, our sales reached $5.17 billion, an increase over 13% over 2005. This represents the fourth highest annual sales in our history. Gross margin for the year was 44.1% the highest percentage in our history, even compared to the late 1990's when our results were dominated by the fiber business.  SG&A for the year was 16.5% of sales, the same as in 2005 despite the addition of stock option expensing. Without that expense SG&A would have been 15% of sales. RD&E was 10% of sales for the year consistent with last year. Net profit after tax excluding special items was $1.78 billion, an increase of 35% over last year and again a company record.  Earnings per share excluding special items were $1.12 in 2006, a 26% increase over last year or about a 30% increase. And for re-modeling purposes our full year results included about 81 million stock compensation expense or about $0.05 per share due to the new accounting rules.  As investors, I hope you are as pleased with our financial results for the full year of 2006, as we were.  Now let me turn to the segment results. Starting with Display, sales were $619 million in the fourth quarter, a 22% increase over the third quarter sales of $506 million. Sequential volume gains were 28% and at the upper end of our guidance. Price declines were about 5% as expected. The impact of the Yen to the US dollar exchange rate was only slightly negative in the quarter. In comparison to the fourth quarter of last year sales in our Display segment grew 19% as volume gains of 48% were largely offset by price declines of 21% and a slight unfavorable change in the foreign exchange rates.  Equity earnings from SCP were $147 million in the fourth quarter and higher than the third quarter equity earnings of $135 million. SCP's sequential volume growth in the fourth quarter was 14%, price was down 4%. Re-modeling purposes SCP fourth quarter sales were $571 million compared to $536 million in the third quarter. Sequentially, total glass, LCD glass volume including our wholly-owned business plus Samsung Corning Precision was up 21% in the fourth quarter.  Net income in the Display segment which includes equity earnings was $461 million in the fourth quarter, up 17% compared to $395 million in the third quarter. This increase in the net income was primarily a result of higher volumes, strong manufacturing performance in our wholly-owned business.  Our gross margin percent in the fourth quarter increased slightly in comparison to the third quarter with the strong volume and our cost reduction programs help mitigate the impact of price. Gross margin was also equal to the fourth quarter of 2005 despite the significant price declines year-over-year. For the full year Display revenues were $2.1 billion, an increase of 22% over last year's sales of $1.7 million. Volume in our base business grew 52% and was partially offset by price declines of 16% and an unfavorable exchange rate.  Despite the significant price declines in the past, most significant price declines in the past decade of our Display Glass business, we were able to maintain our gross margins for the full year. This is a testament to our on going cost reduction programs. We will provide more details about these programs at our annual investor meeting on February 9th.  Equity earnings at SCP were $555 million for 2006, a 36% increase over 2005 equity earnings of $408 million. SCP sales were $2.1 billion, up 27% versus the prior year. Volume growth of 52% was primarily offset by price declines of 9% and an unfavorable exchange rate. Net income for our total Display business was $1.6 billion, a 30% increase over last year's net income of $1.2 billion.  Now I would like to spend a few minutes updating you on end market trends for the fourth quarter. As always I have to stress that we don’t have perfect information. We use a variety of sources ranging from services that are available to you, such as display research, along with retail tracking vendors, our own discussions with customers as well as our own models.  With that in mind, you should note that the following data has been derived from an aggregate of industry sources that are considered at this time to be preliminary estimates. Final data for the fourth quarter will not be available for another month. Be clear the data we reference here relates to shipments from PC manufacturers and TV set makers to retailers.  In summary, the preliminary data indicates that the end market shipments were slightly higher than our expectations in the fourth quarter for all three primary applications; notebooks, monitors and televisions.  Starting with notebooks, about 22 million were shipped in the fourth quarter, slightly higher than our expectations. This was a 7% increase over notebook shipments in the third quarter, which were 20.5 million. For the full year, we estimate 78 million notebooks were shipped, a 30% increase over 2005.  For LCD monitors, about 36 million were shipped in the fourth quarter, again slightly higher than our expectations. This was a slight increase over the third quarter. We believe the penetration of LCD monitors was consistent with the third quarter around 82%. For the full year, we estimate 130 million monitors were shipped, 33% increase over 2005.  For LCD televisions, about 16 million were shipped in the fourth quarter, higher than our expectations. This represented a 50% increase over the third quarter shipments of 10.5 million. More importantly, however, is that the penetration of LCD television in the worldwide color television market was estimated to be 26% in the fourth quarter. For the year, we estimate 43 million LCD televisions were sold compared to 21 million last year. Penetrations for the year should come in around 22%, double last year’s penetration of 11%. In the United States alone approximately one out of every three televisions sold in 2006 was an LCD. The average size in LCD television increased from 24.7 inches in 2005 to 28.3 inches in 2006. In the fourth quarter, we estimate the average size was around 29 inches.  Now regarding inventory and the supply chain, we don’t have complete information at this time. I can offer some information and we may have more by February 9. At the panel makers, our data suggest panel inventory remains within what we deem acceptable levels heading into the first quarter. We have some retail data for the United States that suggests that inventories are better than last year exceeding the holiday season. We do not yet have worldwide retail data. We have little information at the set maker level. We are not hearing big issues, but we clearly would like to see more data.  I would like to spend a moment discussing the utilization rate changes at panel makers. I believe investors may have placed too much emphasis last month on slight utilization rate adjustments that happened at few panel makers. I know that this is an area we frequently tell investors they should watch. But let me be clear on what we mean. Drastic utilization rate declines at multiple panel makers are something you should watch for. That could be an indication of broader panel inventories builds and supply chain.  We consider smaller utilization rate changes by a few panel makers in the given month of quarter to be fairly normal. December was a good example of this. Utilization rate of two panel makers went from around 90% to 85%. We don’t consider this to be a material event.  Looking forward to the first quarter, a few panel makers have announced they will be moving the utilization rates slightly higher in January, slightly lower in February due to Chinese New Year. We would view these adjustments as positive and believe it is an indication that panel makers are operating to avoid a repeat of last year's panel inventory build up.  Now for your modeling purposes, I would like to provide an update on our glass mix. Our glass mix of GEN 5 and higher in the fourth quarter was 87% and slightly higher than the third quarter. The mix of GEN 5.5, 6, 7, and 8 glass was 52% in the fourth quarter, and slightly higher than the third quarter.  Our GEN 8 glass capabilities continue to ramp. In the fourth quarter, we shipped several million square feet to Sharp's GEN 8 fab to meet their demand. It's clear based on the fourth quarter shipments and their expectations for us going forward that if we are the majority supplier of GEN 8 glasses. EAGLE XG our new extra green glass continues to progress well. Current requests from customers to convert the new glass well outweigh our ability to supply at this time. While this is a good problem to have, we are working diligently to convert more of our own capability over to produce EAGLE XG. Our goal is to have all of our glass capability converted over to EAGLE XG by the end of the year.  Moving to the environmental segment, sales in the fourth quarter were $155 million, slightly higher than the third quarter. The increase was due to higher diesel product sales, which offset lower auto products sales as expected. The segment incurred a net loss of $8 million during the fourth quarter compared to a profit of $7 million in the third quarter. The shift from the profit to a loss in the fourth quarter was primarily due to lower auto demand, which was expected given the industry shutdowns at year-end as well as our own inventory reduction.  In addition while we like the strong diesel demand these products currently have a lower gross margin than oil. For the year environmental segment posted sales of $615 million increase of 6% over the last year sales of $580 million. The increase was primarily due to higher diesel product sales, which grew from $98 million in 2005 to $164 million in 2006.  In Life Sciences segment sales in the fourth quarter were $72 million compared to third quarter sales of $68 million. Segment incurred a loss of $2 million in the fourth quarter compared to a loss of $8 million in the third quarter.  Moving to the Telecommunication segment, sales in the fourth quarter were $404 million, an 11% decrease in the third quarter but much better than we had expected. We were pleased to receive additional orders in Europe late in the quarter. Sales of our hardware and equipment products were $207 million in the fourth quarter compared to $215 million in the third quarter. Decline was less than expected due to an increase in demand from European and North American customers.  Sales in fiber and cable products in the fourth quarter were $197 million and declined as expected in comparison to the third quarter sales of $241 million. Decline was primarily result of seasonality and lower private network related demand. Fiber-to-the-premise sales were $51 million in the fourth quarter compared to $64 million in the third quarter.  Telecommunication segment incurred a net loss of $54 million in the fourth quarter compared to net income of $20 million in the third quarter. A net loss in the fourth quarter included $44 million in restructuring and impairment charges that mentioned a moment ago.  For the year Telecommunication segment sales were $1.73 billion an increase of 10% over last year's sales after adjusting for the Japan sales that we moved into an equity venture earlier this past year. More importantly the segment posted earnings of $51 million this year excluding restructuring and impairment charges in the fourth quarter. It’s just a significant increase over last year's net income of $18 million. These numbers are non-GAAP measures.  Our other segment sales increased 20% from $99 million in the third quarter to $119 million in the fourth quarter. The increase was primarily due to strong demand for semiconductor materials. Sales for the year increased substantially from $352 million in 2005, $410 million in 2006. Sales increase for the year was driven by demand for our [GLV] product as well as semiconductor materials. We are delighted with the performance of our specialty material product-line, we feel strongly that future is bright in this area as some of our technology efforts pay off.  Moving to Dow Corning the equity venture has another quarter of strong performance, equity earnings were $83 million compared to $78 million in the third quarter, the increase was primarily due to a lower effective tax rate during the quarter. For the year Dow Corning posted sales were $4.4 billion, an increase of 13% over the prior year. Equity earnings increased over 20%, plan of providing more transparency in the Dow Corning at our coming investor meeting in two weeks.  Now moving to the balance sheet, we ended the year with about $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments up from $2.8 billion in the third quarter. Pre-cash flow was $339 million in the fourth quarter and $540 million to-date. Obviously we are very pleased with this significant amount of cash, we were able to generate in 2006. This represented our third year in a row of positive free cash flow. As a reminder free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure.  We have received some questions from investors about our future plans for this cash. I can tell you that our Board of Directors has established a goal, maintain a cash balance in excess of debt as protection against volatility in our markets. The Board has also approved acquiring use of cash beyond that level. First we will repay debt maturities in the upcoming three years, second will year-mark funds needed for potential major new developments coming out of our laboratories. After these priorities are achieved the Board will consider share repurchases and the re-instatement of dividend payments.  Now I would like to wrap-up by providing new guidance for our first quarter and some thoughts about the upcoming year. We typically provide comments about the upcoming year at our Annual Investor Meeting. But given the significance of display glass on our results and the influence that seasonality may play in that market this year. We felt that it was in our investor’s best interest that we increased the amount of information on the call today.  With that I would like to start with comments about the Display market. Clearly due to the continued significant growth of LCD television penetration and screen size, we are expecting another year of substantial glass volume growth. That we believe the amount of the LCD glass volume added by the market as a whole in 2007 will be equal to or greater than 2006. In 2006 the display market grew from about 400 million square feet about 400 million square feet from 800 million square feet in 2005 to 1.2 billion square feet. We believe the display market can grow at least 400 million square feet again this year.  This would equate to a growth rate in the mid 30% range. We anticipate our glass volume to grow at the upper end of this range while SCPs maybe slightly lower than the range. As a reminder, growth rates vary by geographic region and as a result, the growth rates for our wholly-owned business and SCP maybe different. However, we are better predicting the total market than we are individual geographies.  LCD television demand will be the main driver for this growth. We expect television penetration to reach 33% of all color televisions sold in 2007, a significant increase from the 22% penetration in 2006. This would equate to approximately 68 million televisions sold in 2007, compared to 43 million in 2006. And almost as important the average size of each LCD television sold is expected to increase substantially from 28.3 inches in 2006 to over 30.5 inches in 2007. This increase in screen size alone equates to about 10% more glass needed to produce LCD television this year.  As a result of the significant television growth compared to more moderate growth rates for monitors and notebooks, we expect for the first time more glass maybe used to make LCD televisions than the total IT related products. And since television demand, especially LCD television has been historically stronger in the second half than the first half. We expect our demand to be more concentrated in the second half as well. In fact, we believe almost 60% of our glass this year will be shipped in the third and fourth quarters. This will most likely influence glass pricing as well as we believe the supply of glass will become much tighter in the second half resulting in a more favorable glass pricing environment.  With that insight to the year let me talk about the first quarter for Display. We anticipate sequential volume for our wholly-owned business and SCP to be 10% to 15% lower in the first quarter. The sequential decline in demand is in contrast to the first quarter of last year. If you recall sequential volume growth in the first quarter last year was much higher than expected about 15%. Looking back, we believe a large portion of that growth ended up in an unhealthy build of supply chain inventories which eventually led the drastic utilization of cut-backs in May through July. In addition, the amount of glass used in LCD televisions was significantly higher in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared to a year ago and is now a much more significant portion of total glass demand.  Lastly in the first quarter of 2006 the impact of increased penetration helped offset the seasonal decline in demand. This year although television penetration should increase from 26% to 28%, it's not enough to offset the larger impact of TV seasonality. We believe these are reasons for the overall market decline in glass volume for this quarter. For comparison purposes, first quarter volume will still be about 10% higher than last year despite the declines versus the fourth quarter.  As far as LCD television demand for the first quarter, we believe events, such as Super Bowl and Chinese New Year will drive consumer demand. Display penetration increased from 26% in the fourth quarter to 28% in the first quarter. However, keep in mind that the number of televisions sold in the first quarter retail will be lower than the fourth quarter.  Now regarding LCD pricing, we expect the average price at our wholly-owned business to be down only 1% to 2% lower sequentially in the first quarter. This is a much lower price decline than we have seen the last several quarters. This is a combination -- due to the combination of tighter glass supply and our new pricing strategy.  As we have told investors previously, we made the decision to change our pricing strategy in 2007. We are in a technology business to participate in consumer electronics industry. We do expect our prices decline every year, as our costs also decline, however we are trying to achieve lower price declines in 2007 than we experienced in 2006. We think our new strategy will help achieve this goal.  We believe the industry glass capacity growth will generally be in line with the market for the year and that glass will be tight in the back half of the year. We think the amount of excess glass capacity in the earlier part of the year will be slight despite the seasonal slowdown.  We are reducing prices in quarter one, by a much reduced rate than last year in line with our strategy. As a result any market seasonal declines may fall more heavily on us in the first quarter. However, we believe market demand for glass will strengthen significantly the penetration seasonality as the year progresses and the glass' supply will be tight. As a result our pricing strategy should allow higher prices in the second half on very strong volume.  Regarding price declines at SCP, we expect them to be much higher than the wholly-owned business in the first quarter. As you know that SCP’s glass price declines were not as significant last year as the wholly-owned business. This catch up will happen in the first quarter, but we then expect price declines to be far more measured for the remainder of the year at SCP.  Many investors have asked about our competitor's tank issues and whether we expect that capacity to comeback online in the first quarter and that this will lead to an oversupply of glass.  First, we have no new information of the timing of the repair. We take them as they were, the tank will be ready this quarter. Second, since the tanking question represented only 3% of the world's glass capacity, it's not enough to materially influence supply and demand. Peter Volanakis will be presenting a lot more information about the supply market, including seasonality, our cost reduction trends, and our longer term growth outlook at our annual investor meeting.  Moving on to the Telecommunications segment, we are anticipating another year of growth, especially at the bottom line. I will save the details until our annual meeting, when Larry Aiello, CEO of Corning Cable Systems will present. In short, we are anticipating another year of sales growth, but more importantly, we expect to see earnings improvement again this year.  In the first quarter, we anticipate sales in our Telecommunications segment to be up slightly in comparison to the fourth quarter and profitability should also improve due to the mix of products sold. For our diesel products, we are anticipating a significant year of growth in 2007, driven primarily by demand in the United States from heavy-duty engine makers.  As many of you know, Class 8 fleet truck manufacturers purchased engines last year ahead of the emission regulations that took effect on January 1st of this year. This commonly referred to as the pre-buy. We believe that the pre-buy will impact up to 40% of demand in 2007. That being said, since every engine manufacturer in U.S. this year must be compliant under the new regulations, we are anticipating sales growth of at least 60% this year, with most of that growth occurring in the second half of the year.  For the first quarter, we anticipate our environmental segment to grow about 5% led by normal seasonal growth in auto. Tom Hinman, Senior Vice President Diesel Technologies will be providing a more in depth look at our diesel opportunity in two weeks.  In our Life Sciences segment, we are expecting a year of modest growth, for both the year and the first quarter on a sequential basis. Other segments sales will be about 15% to 20% lower in the first quarter due to the lower demand for semiconductor and other material products.  Turning to Dow Corning, we anticipate another year of solid growth. We expect sales to grow between 6% and 8% for the year and for net income to grow at the upper end of this range in 2007. Dow Corning does not have as much additional capacity coming on line with [analog] semiconductor in 2007 as they did in 2006 or they will in 2008. Also, Dow Corning will begin to experience higher project expenses for capacity additions to China.  In the first quarter, we expect equity earnings from Dow Corning to be down slightly. So, based on this guidance, we are anticipating first quarter sales to be between $1.26 billion and $1.31 billion and EPS, excluding special items to be between $0.24 and $0.27. The majority of sequential decline in sales and EPS is the result of 10% to 15% lower volume in our wholly-owned display business and SCP. As I explained a moment ago, this is primarily due to seasonality. Obviously based on our guidance, we expect glass volumes to increase substantially this year.  The other contributor to lower EPS guidance for quarter one is the substantial price decline at SCP in the first quarter. Again, we expect the sequential price decline to be much more moderate in remaining quarters this year. While our first quarter guidance -- EPS guidance is lower than our fourth quarter results we hope we have been transparent enough on the call this morning about our thoughts for the upcoming year to give you some indication about the amount of growth we are expecting in 2007.  Now, moving down the income statement for your modeling purposes, gross margins for the company should be between 43% and 45%, SG&A between 70% and 80% of sales in the first quarter, R&D expected to be around 10% to 11% of sales in the first quarter. We anticipate equity earnings in the first quarter to be down 25% to 30% compared to the fourth quarter. Decline is primarily due to lower earnings in SCP and the absence of the nonrecurring net gain of Samsung Corning CRT.  Regarding our tax rate for your remodeling purposes, you should use a range of 15% to 18% for the first quarter. Lastly, you should use 1.59 billion shares for the first quarter when calculating EPS for special items. One other comment on shares, as I mentioned in the previous calls, you should expect some executive selling over the next few weeks. As always for executives, who decide to sell stock, we encourage the use of period after our quarterly earnings announcements. In the first quarter the window will open after our annual investor meeting on February 9th.  I would like to comment on executive selling in general. For our senior executives, they can have 75% or greater of their compensation of Corning stock. We expect them to monetize some of these earnings and in fact encourage them to sell small amounts of their holdings every quarter regardless of price.  Now, one note on the impact of foreign exchange on our guidance. We ordinarily do not forecast any change in foreign exchange guidance for translation purposes within our guidance. The guidance for the first quarter has assumed the yen to dollar exchange rate of 119 for translation purposes. If the yen to dollar rate would have reached 124 in the first quarter, we estimate overall sales to be impacted by approximately 20 million and our MPAT by approximately 15 million. This includes many projected benefit from our currency hedging program. Ken? 
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. And Lisa, we are ready to take some questions now. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jeff Evanson with Sanford Bernstein. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: First in your release this morning, you talked about potential growth opportunities in green lasers and micro rectors. Could you go over the criteria you used to approve capital expenditures and other investments in those growth opportunities? 
Wendell Weeks: Well, I mean as these move from development to where we are going to have revenue, we obviously have that capacity. We try to structure that capital to be careful when we first go in buy and large as you know from our investments in business is fast as we -- the first product we make and we don’t make any money on. So, you don’t have a rate of return on the first piece of capital going in, but we usually go into business as expected and over a longer period of time. We have a return on investment well above our cost of capital. So, we generally make the longer-term decisions about whether these are good businesses as they develop over a period of years. To know the gestation period for many of our new businesses quite a while, but now we get to the point where we back at our cost targets, our return on capital -- internal rate our return on invested capital is well above our cost of capital the metric we use. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Couple of financial questions on the Display segment, it looks like your tax rate in the Display Technologies business was up relative to the middle of the year, but pretty consistent with late 2005. How should we think about that going forward and also in the Display Technology business any unusual increases in SG&A relative to Q3 like added headcount or pay other bonuses? 
Wendell Weeks: Now for the corporation, we did accrue a little bit more accrued bonuses in the fourth quarter than we had in the third quarter result, as result of our record performance, I don’t think it would have been fairly meaningful within the Display business by itself. Relative to the tax rate, I know it’s difficult to predict exactly the tax rate for the display business but I think you should expect to see it is up few percent for the full year of 2007 versus 2006. 
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Michael Walker with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Thanks. My question is on the Display business relative to margins, I know you are going to some more details probably at your Analyst Day, but you have given us some pretty positive indications on pricing here and pretty good numbers on volumes. Well, I am wondering, if that translates into relatively stable margin for the Glass business, is there any possibility that margins could actually go up just given that you had price declines while worse in ’06, and even ’07, is there reasonably that cost down in the Glass business will be anything different than what they were in ’06, and if that’s the case is there a possibility that margins could be stable even higher in the Glass business in ’07? 
Wendell Weeks: Well, we will touch on this more significantly on February 9, but it's -- little bit of a preview would be that we anticipate that we should be able to continue our strong cost performance and that if our pricing strategy works we would expect price declines to be less severe this year then they were last. Now that being said, understand that our gross margins in this business are already very-very high and with gross margins at this level it would be very good to maintain them and that would necessarily model our gross margin expansion even though certainly the math may work that way. 
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: And just on a similar note that you had our competitor that was pretty aggressive in GEN 5 and GEN 6 in '06, you talked about the glass supply environment being not as bad a lot I guess for the second half of '07. Are you assuming that, that competitor is aggressive again in pricing this year or do you have reason to believe that you won't see the same level of pricing irrationally you did last year. 
Wendell Weeks: Well as Jim explained in the first part of the conference call, what our strategy is to lay forth the prices that he covered and then what we expect as a results of our large market share together with our pricing strategy that the bulk of the seasonality impact will fall on us in the first half. And that our competitors will run relatively close to fall. And that we would expect it by the end of the year as demand in the seasonal terms goes off significantly that we would pick up more volume as the year went on and then overall we would end the year growing with the market. 
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Okay and just one last question on the fiber business. Little surprise to see it looks like the FTTP business was cut in half in the fourth quarter and I knew you did guide to that and that was down roughly inline with your guidance, but even if you add back the $44 million one time hit to the earnings number, you still would had a loss for the fiber business. I am wondering, in '07 would we look for FTTP to kind of resume its historical growth rate? Do you see that bouncing right back and do you see the profitability of that business recovering and to a level above or with the full year '06? 
Wendell Weeks: Well FTTP has its own seasonality pattern driven by the way in which some of our key customers run their projects. So yes indeed fiber-to-the-premise was down some in quarter four not as significantly as you just laid out probably more in the tens and million range rather than more significant than that. A positive up tick in quarter four really didn’t come out of the fiber-to-the-premise area, but rather in a broader recovery in our base and in Europe than we originally had thought. So as we look to this year what we expect is Verizon to continue with their fiber-to-the-premise effort. We see strong interest now at a number of other major customers that’s beginning to get started on fiber-to-the-premise. But also I think it’s important for folks to remember that fiber-to-the-premise although a significant play for us is only a part of a broader telecommunications business and we are feeling better about the broader recovery and we are seeing that in our base numbers, we are seeing that in private networks as well. 
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from John Harmon with Needham & Company. 
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Hi good morning? 
Wendell Weeks: Good morning John. 
John Harmon - Needham & Company: So based on the last question though, what was the fiber-to-the-premise sales for you for the whole year? 
Wendell Weeks: Went out of the top of my head will get it, do you have any other questions? 
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Sure, one other one. In your press release, you hinted of a possibility of a dividend and I think it was at last year’s analyst meeting that you said, basically it wasn’t going to happen during your term as CFO. Have you changed [anything about that?] 
Jim Flaws: Well here goes, how responsible I am (inaudible) because over the course of this past year, we've had more investors talk to us about considering dividends as well as stock buybacks. So, this shows that I am willing to change, but the Board of Directors will consider both, I think, as the year unfolds. 
John Harmon - Needham & Company: And back to the fiber-to-the-premise, when and what month of the quarter do you get an indication about what Verizon's intentions are for the year, and when do they come back seasonally in their purchases? 
Wendell Weeks: Well, firstly actually your first question, which is fiber-to-the-premise sales for last year, we are over a quarter of a billion dollars. As far as the guidance for the year, for what Verizon is going to do, they have been very public to the entire market about what their plans are to do simply another 3 million homes past in the coming year. And a hunk of the variability now, we will come from as they connect those homes. As you may recall, what we’ve said is our revenue opportunity for home connected is in the range of a couple of $100 per home connected, half of that happens when they pass the home and half when they connect. So part of it, of our demand will depend on how successful they are at selling the service. They seem to be feeling pretty good about where they are in the markets that they are for video as well right now. We will get -- we will have our models updated on that cyclicality of the demand of their projects in the relatively near future and we hope that to Larry Aiello will share some of that with you on February 9. 
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Ajit Pai with Thomas Wiesel Partners. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Wiesel Partners: Yes, good morning and congratulations on a very, very solid 2006. 
Wendell Weeks: Thank you very much. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Wiesel Partners: Some questions on your cash flow and liquidity, just back to the sort of commentary you provided slightly earlier. You talked about the earlier priorities which is retiring some of your debt and then sort of having some cash year marked for investing in opportunities. Could you give us some idea sort of quantify how much that is and what kind of timeline that you think you would -- your free cash flow would be able to sort of cover that and you could sort of consider either buy backs or dividends? 
Jim Flaws: Well, the Board has not yet finalized the amount if they are going to having such excessive debt, now when they do I think we will disclose that to investors. The amount of debt that I think we were likely to buyback this year is probably in the 300 million kind of zone. So, we really don’t have too much in the next years and that’s what they have to concentrate on. So, my guess is that the Board will turn to this issue in the middle of the year after they feel comfortable the years unfolding as we expected and start to have the debate on, what we should do with the cash, lets be clear we're not going to file without unless we feel we have a major new product that’s going to break early and needs a lot of capital spending on that we intend to do the right thing. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Wiesel Partners: And the free cash flows that you had of $540 million in 2006, do you expect that to increase in 2007? 
Jim Flaws: I will be giving you an update on that on February 9th, we have save a few things for that day. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Wiesel Partners: Okay, and then in terms of the deposit that you have, that you had received from some of your customers for glass supply. How depleted are those deposits, what's the net position on that? And then also, the sort of reserve you have taken against some of your deferred tax assets. Now that you have been profitable for such a long period, what is sort of GAAP provides for in terms of reversing some of those, and could you quantify those as well? 
Jim Flaws: Yes, I think, I don’t have the number right here, but it is -- you can get it off of our financial statements on the net amount of what -- it was a slight decline in the year 2006 that reduced down, but we were still getting some money in. But it will be a negative for the cash flow in the sense in 2007 that will be a little money coming in to mostly affect the credits being -- if customers using part of their money to pay the receivables that we issued to them. On the deferred tax, there is nothing new on. We will comment a little bit more that on February 9th in terms of when we think that in the United States we might have to return to accruing taxes, most likely, but more about our cash tax provision. But it's definitely not 2007. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Wiesel Partners: Okay. Thank you so much and congratulations again on a really, really incredible year. 
Jim Flaws: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Curt Woodworth with J.P. Morgan. 
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Yes. Hi, good morning. 
Jim Flaws: Good morning. 
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Jim, can you help me understand a bit more of the gross margin dynamics looking at the first quarter, just in the context if the display business is going to be down 10% to 15% in volume and a couple of points on price, how is that you could potentially achieve a 45% gross margin or be up sequentially on gross margin? Is it simply cost down or is it an incremental benefit to telecom that -- could be that powerful? 
Jim Flaws: Well, telecom is powerful and we also intend to improve our environmental business. One of the things that you will be seeing in the environmental business goes along over the course of the year with the growth in diesel, then you will be seeing an improvement there. And remember in the fourth quarter, we had a very low level of gross margins, as we had lower auto. We also took shutdowns to reduce our own inventory. So, I think the combination of the inventory as the environmental telecom being up as well as our own continued efforts to try and reduce cost in Display, despite the volume down will allow us to do well in gross margin. 
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. And then, just on the pricing in the wholly-owned business going from down 5 this quarter to down 1 to 2, and pretty big step function change. Is it simply a matter of the new price strategy you are implementing or are there other dynamics involved either may be incremental mix benefits with Gen 8, just a little bit more clarity around that change? 
Jim Flaws: No, it's strictly result of our pricing strategy. 
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then, last question on the tax rate for 2007. Do you think the 15 to 18 guidance you gave for the first quarter would be appropriate for the remainder of the year? 
Jim Flaws: At this stage, that would be [something], so I could give you. We will try to give you a more of an update on February 9th about the dynamics in different countries. The thing it’s a little difficult for us to sometimes predict this. You are basically seeing the tax rate of our foreign entities right now is that we have different rates in Japan versus Taiwan, as an example. So, if we end up making a little more in one country, the other have influences. But the best number I could give you right now is 15 to 18. 
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham. 
John Roberts - Buckingham: Good morning guys. 
Jim Flaws: Good morning, John. 
John Roberts - Buckingham: The pricing at SCP, it sounds like its may be lagging the trends in the wholly owned by about a quarter and structurally it won't get to the same pattern as the wholly owned in the mix difference is there enough that won't get down to 1% to 2%, will it? 
Jim Flaws: So, what I think -- I wouldn't characterize it as just lagging the trend. I mean we clearly were lower there in our catching up, but we intend to deploy the same pricing strategy past this catch up there is what we are doing here. So on a sequential basis, we hope they will be achieving the same thing at SCP that we are achieving in wholly owned business. 
John Roberts - Buckingham: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fox with Merrill Lynch. 
Steve Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Could you talk a little bit about the risks within your pricing strategy, especially on the market share side? What's the chances that you lose more market share than you are anticipating? 
Wendell Weeks: Hi, Steve, it's Wendell. 
Steve Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi. 
Wendell Weeks: So, I think it's all of the obvious ones you have come up with, which is that what our strategy is to not chase the seasonality in the market with price and that instead to evaluate the market on really an annual basis on where we think supply and demand of glass will play, while at the same time still being responsive to our customers' needs for price declines to some extent. And so, the obvious ones are, do we have the market right and do we have where the glass supply in terms of overall capacity for the industry right? If we do, then the move for more seasonality in the first half ought to be offset by moves upward. In the back half, at the end it all work out, but you have both of those sets of uncertainty. You have both the market and what we think the overall industry supply has. But we wouldn’t be implementing the pricing strategy if we didn’t feel pretty good about those numbers. 
Steve Fox - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And then Jim, on the gross margins for the year, you were very successful holding gross margins in Display this year despite pricing pressures, you are adjusting your pricing strategy now. So I would think that you can hold Display gross margins, if that was the case, that helps your mix and you are seeing better improvement in environmental, is it safe to assume that you have gross margin upside as the year goes on, or there are certain headwinds we should consider? 
Jim Flaws: If your assumptions were correct, that will be true. 
Steve Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: Yes, thank you. I have a couple of questions. First, on the full year, LCD volume forecast that you gave for the industry of mid 30%, that number seems low relative to at least what we were looking at and if you listen to some of the earnings calls from some of the panel makers, like Samsung, and LPL, it seems like their expectations are more like in the 40% to 50% range. So I am trying to understand why do you think the market is going to decelerate so much, or is this just early year initial forecast and its -- you are trying to be conservative or is this really the forecast, you think the market is going grow and that's how you are going to base your capacity additions for the year? 
Wendell Weeks: Well, so first of all, I think you covered a bunch of different areas of possible explanation there. Let me emphasize the ones that I think on point, but first start with what Jim said, which is we expect actually terms as square feet, more growth in 2007 than we had in 2006 which is on a larger base that’s going to take you to a lower percentage. We showed it to you on the web on that slide 13, which said, 2006 square footage growth was about $400 million. In 2007, we are expecting on to be greater than or equal to amount, but that same amount is going to yield about mid 30's in terms of growth rather 50% last year. So, now let's deal with the $400 million. Yes, there is potential for upside barrier for that number. However, we do think, it's in the mid 30's at this time. We will be able to have all the data it takes to fully analyze what happened in quarter four until the end of February. You might remember that last year after we fully analyze that data, we did indeed upgrade our forecast because there was more strength than what the preliminary data had indicated to us that could happen again. But it's not a deliberate attempt on our part to be conservative. It's dealing with the data that’s in front of us and we should have more by the end of February. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: Okay. And just a follow-up, let's just assume that the market grows what you are thinking more and more and you go with this pricing strategy. Did you suggest, I am just trying to make sure I understand this that in the second half of this year that pricing could actually start going up sequentially, as the market get's tighter, because if your pricing is going to decline 1% to 2% in the first quarter and you think the second half is tighter than the first half, does that imply that pricing actually can be flatter go up is that kind of like what you said or am I misleading that? 
Jim Flaws: So, what I said specifically was what we are attempting to do by have the lower end declines at the beginning of the year than what we did, for example last year, that in the back half of the year on that, we are trying what we expect to see we will be able to have a much higher price than what we would have if we let prices go down, where we have been kind of trap for the last few quarters being down 4% to 5% each quarter. I would be surprise if pricing went up, but obviously it would be our goal to have -- we love to have pricing to be flat in the back half of the year compared to the first part of the year, we will make some money. 
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Osborne with CIBC. 
Jeff Osborne - CIBC: Okay, thanks a lot. I just wanted to drill down on XG opportunity, I was just wondering, if you can share with us what percentage of your output is capable of XG now and then just go through their process and operational challenges, or the methodology of shifting the entire production output to XG in 2007 like you indicated? 
Jim Flaws: Well, at this time, we are under -- half of our volume is EAGLE XG. However, we anticipate to take it over to be 100% by the end of the year. And that’s our plan. And of course the complications to being able to get there, but we have great confidence in operations and technical folks in Display and we think they are up to it. 
Jeff Osborne - CIBC: Okay. And then just last quick one, Just can you update us Wendell on the submarine telecom market, are you seeing any rebound in that market? 
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, submarine it's been a lot of years since I have talked about the submarine optical cable market, brings back old memories. So yes we are seeing a rebound but it's on a very small number. I think the most exciting thing is that we are finally getting to use some of the very, very advanced technologies that we developed a number of years ago to make submarine cable transmission a much lower cost and much more effective, but regretfully it's on a small number. 
Jeff Osborne - CIBC: Okay thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brant Thompson with Goldman Sachs. 
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs: Hi, just wanted to clarify a few things around some of your assumptions related to your pricing strategy. First in the second half of the year you had -- you responded to one of the prior questions that you should see some -- could see some more stable pricing as capacity would be typed in. If that’s the case, I mean in years have we ended up in some tight supply situations in the past. Would that be typical of the type of that we are able to see at that point is the first question. And the second question gets back to kind of any loss of market share. Are you assuming that your competitors who have so far acted pretty aggressively with price over the last say 18 months are going to not increase capacity and try to really gun for share on the back of the strategy or the kind of what are your assumptions about their behavior? Thanks. 
Jim Flaws: No, we don’t believe that into the glass industry is not putting in place enough capacity such that some one could have enough to actually try to steal a huge amount. You look at all the announcements that have been made in the industry and that’s it. That’s the core of our pricing strategy as we are going past the glass supply demand will be tight in the back half of the year therefore it’s relatively hard for someone to come in with a very aggressive price and say we are going take away a large portion of Corning, so that is at the core of our pricing strategy therefore its utilized in all year long. Offset to the leverage if our prices are not declining in the back half of the year and we continue to do well in cost reductions and do work is probably the most important thing for our cost structure which is to run relatively full, we expect to see quite a bit of leverage from that. 
Wendell Weeks: Let me just build some on Jim’s comments. Because we are not counting one behavior or another from our competitors it comes back to I answer that Steve Fox's question, which is where the potential for variability here and the effectiveness some of our pricing strategy will depend on also to how right we are on the market and how right we are on how much capacity is out there. To the extent the glass is tight than our actions will stand on there own and what we are not trying to do is chase a sort of point or two with market share with price. What we believe is we have an understanding of where the market will be and the performance versus glass supply. There is variability potential there and the future is the hardest thing to predict, but that’s what we are basing our strategy on. 
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Daryl Armstrong with Citigroup. 
Daryl Armstrong - Citigroup: Hey how is it going guys. [Ted] on to the back of the previous question in terms of market share variation, given the fact that you do expect that conditions will be tight in the second half of the year. Then whether we are correct to assume that you're tolerant of more than a point or two of market share variability in the first half figuring that you just recoup it at the back end? 
Jim Flaws: So, I think our statements sort of stand on their own. What we expect is as the market leader and with our pricing strategy the bulk of the seasonality in this market will fall on our shoulders. I think it’s important to remember you can’t measure market share quarter-to-quarter. You can remember last year, we had the market really shoot up in quarter one, and what we told every one was, gosh, don’t feel too good about that because we think a lot of that sitting in panel inventory and then it adjusted in quarter two, and you know all up and down, all year long well basically we grew at/or slightly above the market. So, I think you can bring over precision to analysis on a quarter-to-quarter basis. This is in business, so we think that’s very long way and a long life time, we've got to set strategies in place, it don’t just account for sort of quarter-to-quarter variation, but rather put us on a long term trajectory that has strong profitability while at the same time being responsive to our customers. We don’t expect this to be a market, where prices are going to go up, we expect prices to go down while you are dealing with the rate of down relative to our cost performance. 
Daryl Armstrong - Citigroup: Makes sense, and then in terms of the growth assumption that you have for the overall market in the 30's range, what’s the implied assumption that you have for some of the [ITU] related end market like firms and the PC growth? 
Wendell Weeks: We are talking about I think 10% on notebooks and 6% on monitors. 
Daryl Armstrong - Citigroup: Okay. All right. And then, one last thing, in terms of the better than anticipated cost reduction in the fourth quarter on the LCD side, did you guys start a new initiative, any additional color that you can give us before the analyst day meeting in terms of what you guys were able to do over the course of the last three month? 
Jim Flaws: There is nothing dramatic within the three months, but Pete Volanakis is going to talk to talk to you about very extensive plan we have on driving down cost over a five-year period of time of which 2006 was just one example. 
Daryl Armstrong - Citigroup: Excellent. Thank you again. 
Ken Sofio: Lisa, we are running kind of long. We have time for one more call. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Good morning. I guess a couple of questions here. First up, on your pricing strategy, is the goal to get down 1% to 2% on a blended basis or is that across all generation? 
Jim Flaws: That's a blended basis, but I will point out to you C.J. that, with the business now so big, mix really isn't that much of an impact. It really did. There had no impacts on this past year. So, you are really not seeing very much from mix anymore, even if one big new fab coming, it just can't move it that much. So, it's really the blended overall. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Got you, alright. And then, in terms of the volume guidance for SCP for 1Q, given what we've heard from Samsung and CTL that seems very conservative. Would you characterize that as being conservative on your part or are you anticipating share loss, can you help me understand that? 
Wendell Weeks: Sure. As Jim as said and I have, that it's important to remember is what our view is of seasonality and where the impact is, right. So, we do view this market as going to be much more stronger seasonal. You may remember that last year what we said, as the whole industry was dealing with the switchover to TV being the really big driver that the whole industry would have to figure out how to operate in a market that's going to be so seasonal. We've now led forth how we are going to operate. So, that’s why that together -- our market share together with our pricing strategy will mean that the seasonality has the potential to hit us a little more strongly than other players in the market. And that’s what we are planning on. 
Jim Flaws: Just one other comments C.J. on that I just point out once again that annual shipments in glass don’t perfectly correlate in average in a given quarter, as you could [saw] our glass shipments in quarter four were greater -- much greater than panel shipments. So, you've got to at it over a longer period of time. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So, you would characterize it as a timing differential from the [future] not share loss at either Samsung or LPL? 
Jim Flaws: I think our comments stand on their own. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And in terms of your gross margin, given LCD approaching 50% of the mix in the second half of the year, are you comfortable that they were going to hit roughly 47% to 49% gross margin in the second half? 
Jim Flaws: I am not giving gross margin guidance for the full year. I indicated before to a caller, who said that for pricing strategy, work volume is good, display is improved -- diesel is improving. We have room for improve. We are not going to give guidance right now further back. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: And you don't afford to try. 
Jim Flaws: We will give you an (inaudible). 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: And then, in the other business, other technologies, how much of the revenues there are leveraged to semi-cycle? 
Jim Flaws: I think semi is about half of those -- of the other segments. 
Wendell Weeks: You got it. Then there is a couple of drivers one is semi with a very strong performance now out of our people doing the semi optics. And the other of course has been a strong success story for them, which is the DLP play where we make the packaging for the TI's DLP solution, which has been a great success story of innovation for those guys. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And last question from me. For Dow Corning, I am not sure if I missed it, but Jim, did you give guidance for the full year for the equity contribution? 
Jim Flaws: I basically said that the revenue would grow at 6% to 8% for the year and that the MPAT would be at the upper end of that for the full year. Held down a little because we don’t have as much (inaudible) more capacity coming on and also they will have some projects spending in China. 
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. 
Ken Sofio: Jim, you have some closing comments? 
Jim Flaws: Yes, I do. I would like to make just a couple of comments. First of all, from the investor relations announcement point of view, as we have noted, we will have our annual investor meeting on Friday, February 9th at the Mandarin Oriental hotel in New York City. We plan on providing a lot more transparency into our company, our strategy, and our views of long-term trends. We are going to have a number of our key business leaders on hand to speak to investors and showcase products and answer your questions. You will see a piece of GEN 8 glass on a new diesel filter, our new epic well plates and a complete fiber-to-the-home set up showcasing our innovative product offerings.  In addition, several members of our R&D group will be there showcasing a few of the exciting projects that they are currently working in labs and these will include the green laser, micro reactors, soldering glass, and mercury. You are going to hear formal presentations from senior executives and obviously have the opportunity to ask questions, presentations made by Wendell; Pete Volanakis; John Miller, our Chief Technology Officer, and myself, in addition Tom Hinman from Diesel and Mary Elliott from Corning Cable Systems will be present. We believe it will be very informative event. We hope you will be able to join us, if you are interested please register on our website.  Now regarding 2006 we could not have been more pleased with our financial performance. I know many investors were disappointed with the stock movements towards the end of the year, but I hope you will agree that the actual results for the year of the company were terrific. Our sales were up 13% for the year our NPAT without special items was up 35% without the impact of stock option and expensing that NPAT was actually up 42%. We faced the most turbulent year in Display, which lead to our highest price declines in history and we were still able to hold our gross margin percent.  So obviously we would like to see a higher stock price, but our main responsibility is to continue to grow the company and meet our financial goals, we accomplished both of these objectives of 2006. Back we think we did it exceedingly well we hope investors will agree. Looking forward we believe we have another number of opportunities to provide further growth in 2007 and we look forward to seeing you in two weeks. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Wendell and thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 am Eastern Time today, until 5:00 pm Eastern Time February 7. To listen, dial 210-369-3852. No password is required. The audio-cast will also be available on our website during that time. Lisa that concludes our call this morning, please disconnect all lines 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation, you may disconnect at this time thank you. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Sofio - Director of Investor Relations Wendell Weeks - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners John Anthony - Cowen & Co. Michael Walker - Credit Suisse C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch John Harmon - Needham & Company Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Q3 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Sofio - Director of Investor Relations: Wendell Weeks, President and Chief Executive Officer will join for the Q&A. Now before I turn the call over to Jim, you should note today’s remarks do contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements do involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim.
Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ken, good morning every one. Last night we released our results for Q3 which can be found on our Investor Relations website. In addition, for those of you with web access, we have posted several slides this morning that will summarize the important data from this morning’s prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our website after our call as well. Overall regarding our Q3 results, we were very pleased with our excellent performance. Our LCD volume exceeded the top end of our guidance range and our EPS was $0.02 above the top of our guidance range and $0.03 above consensus. Perhaps, most importantly, the LCD business rebounded from a supply chain pause in Q2 and gives us excellent momentum heading into Q4. Our Q3 sales were $1.28 billion and slightly higher than our Q2 sales. In comparison to the Q3 of last year, sales were up 8%. Without the impact of the weakening in the Yen year-over-year sales would have been up over 9%.  Our EPS before special items is $0.28 and exceeded the top-end of our guidance range. Net profit after tax, excluding special items in Q3 was $451 million, an increase of 7% over Q2. In comparison to Q3 of 2005, net profit after tax excluding special items was up $41 million or 10%. You should note that EPS and net profit after tax excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation GAAP can be found on our website. You should also note that Q3 sales and net income was slightly impacted by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates in comparison to Q2. Our excellent Q3 results were driven primarily by strong volume and performance in the display segment. You may recall from our last conference call, we entered Q3 with quite a bit of uncertainty regarding the display supply chain. Panel makers have been reducing their utilization rates quite severely. At that time we said in order for the supply chain to improve three events needed to happen. 1. There had to be normal seasonality at the end market particularly for IT products.2. Assuming the full Korean market demand occur, we should see a reduction in panel inventory levels.3. As inventory levels of panel makers fell we should see an increase in their utilization rates and in turn the increase in glass orders. Clearly, based on the results from our display segment our hopes were rightly placed. And by and large most of the other segments performed as expected. I’ll get into the details about each segment’s performance in a few minutes.  Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in Q3 was 44%, an increase over Q2 gross margin of 43% and higher than our expectations. Higher gross margins were driven primarily by the strong buying and manufacturing performance in the display segment. SG&A was $218 million in Q3 or 17% of sales as expected. RD&E was $127 million in Q3 and fairly consistent with Q2 also as expected. Interest income was $32 million in Q3, up $6 million sequentially. The increase is primarily reflection of the higher cash balance we had during the quarter. Equity earnings were $232 million in Q3 compared to $256 million in Q2. As a reminder, Q2 equity earnings included a $33 million gain in Dow Corning. Excluding that special item, equity earnings were up $9 million quarter to quarter driven primarily by Dow Corning. Our tax rate in Q3 was 13% just slightly lower than our guidance range of 15% to 20%. The lower tax rate was primarily the result of a reassessment of our annual corporate tax rate. For your modeling purposes you should use an estimate of 13% to 15% in Q4. Our share count for Q3 was 1.593 billion shares and consistent with Q2. We have one special item in Q3; we recorded a pre-tax and after-tax charge of $13 million primarily reflecting the increase in the market value of Corning common stock, to be contributed to settle the asbestos litigation related to Pittsburgh Corning. Corning share price increased during the quarter from $24.19 million to $24.41 million. Including the special item our Q3 EPS was $0.27 per share. I’m referring to the segments now. Starting in display, sales were $506 million in Q3, a 10% increase over Q2 sales of $461. Sequential volume gains were 16% and slightly higher than the upper end of our guidance. Price declines were similar to Q2 as expected. The impact to the Yen to the US dollar exchange rate was slightly negative. In comparison to Q3 of last year sales in the display segment were 3% as volume gains of 31% were largely offset by price declines and foreign exchange rate changes. Equity earnings from SCP were $135 million in Q3 and slightly higher than Q2 equity earnings of $133 million. SCP sequential volume growth in Q3 was 11% and price was down slightly. Q3 price declines were consistent with Q2 and not as significant as we had expected given the extended timing of the contract negotiations with their Korean customers. Re-modeling purposes SCP Q3 sales were $536 million compared to $513 million in Q2. Year-over-year volume growth at SCP was 38%, sequentially total LCD glass volume including our fully-owned business plus Samsung Corning Precision was up 13% in Q3. In comparison to a year ago total LCD volume growth for the first three quarters was up more than 50%. Net income in the display segment, which includes equity earnings, was $395 million in Q3, or 15% compared to $343 million in Q2. The increase in net income was primarily the result of higher volume, strong manufacturing performance in our wholly-owned business. Our gross margin percent in Q3 increased in comparison to Q2 despite another quarter price declines. As a reminder Q2 had the impact of the lightening strike. Let me now update you on the supply chain as specifically the panel inventory situation in more detail. As I mentioned earlier, we believe there was an important improvement in the panel inventory levels during Q3. This improvement is a result of seasonal and market demand and strong annual shipments. I will table my comments on the end market just a moment. I’ll start with panel shipments, as a reminder our working assumption was been a substantial portion of the panel inventory in the supply chain, was a time when these panel makers although clearly LPL had also been public about their own inventory levels. Taiwanese panel makers have reported monthly panel shipment data through Q3 and the news has been very encouraging. Many have reported record shipments in July, August and September. Inventory levels have fallen in Q3, the number of day’s inventory and probably Q1. Inventory reduction combined with seasonal demand improved with Q3 as a result of the substantial improvement in materialization rates. We believe the Taiwanese on average increased their fab utilization rates which were in the 55% range in June, 70% in July, 85% in August, and 90% in September. Although clearly not every company is operating at that level, we believe that the average utilization rate for the Taiwanese panel makers is now equal to where it was in March. Obviously the most encouraging sign has been the strong last volume we experienced in the Q3 and our expectations for Q4 based on customer orders, which I’ll talk about a few minutes. Now let me walk you though the end market trends in Q3. As always I would like to stress we don’t have perfect information. We use a variety of sources ranging from services that are available to use, such as display research, along with retail tracking vendors, our own discussions with customers as well as our own models. With that in mind you should also note that the following data has been derived from the aggregate of industry sources that are considered at this time to be preliminary estimates. Final data for Q3 will not be available for another month or so. Be clear the data we reference relates to shipments from PC manufacturers, television set makers to the retailers. In summary the preliminary data indicates that the end market shipments were in line with our expectations for Q3 and on track for all three primary applications, notebooks, monitors and televisions. Starting with notebooks, about 19.6 million were shipped in Q3, in line with our expectations. This was an 11% increase over the notebook shipments in Q2. We believe the penetration of notebook computers of all computer sold in Q3 was 36% and consistent with Q2. Moving to LCD monitors, about 32 million were shipped in Q3 compared to 13 million in Q2. We believe the penetration of LCD monitors inched up from 79% in Q2 to 82% in Q3. For LCD televisions about 10 million were shipped in Q3 also in line with our expectations. This represents an 11% increase over Q2 shipments of 9 million. More importantly is that the penetration of LCD television into the color television market was an estimated 21% for Q3. As a reminder these percentages are preliminary at this time. You may recall during our last conference call, we estimated LCD television penetration to be 19% in Q2. After reviewing the final data we conclude the penetration was actually 21%. Based on this trend and the expected strong seasonal demand we believe LCD television penetration may be as high as 25% in Q4, an average of 22% this year. Now for your modeling purposes I would like to provide an update on our glass mix. The glass mix of GEN 5 and higher in Q3 was 86% up from 84% of Q2. Mix of GEN 5.5, 6, 7 and 8 glass was 49% in Q3 up from 48% in Q2. You should not that our GEN 8 capabilities continue to ramp as we prepare to begin shipping larger quantities to Sharp. They in turn begin to ramp their fab towards full production starting in Q4. As the contract majority glass supplier for Sharp’s GEN 8 fab we are excited about this growing opportunity. EAGLE XG our new extra green glass continues to be a strong success. The current requests from our customers to convert to the new glass outweigh our ability to supply at this time. While this is a good problem to have we are working diligently to convert more of our capacity over to produce EAGLE XG. To date we’re in the process of supplying four different panel makers of EAGLE XG at various generation sizes. Before I move on to the environmental segment I would like to address the news stories and analysts reports about a tank repair at one of our main competitors. First you should note there has been no official announcement directly from our competitor today. We have received enquiries from customers about the availability of more glass in Q4. We certainly have the inventory capacity to meet additional glass orders during Q4. We do not expect this even to have an impact in overall glass pricing, it’s pricing for Q4 as previously negotiated. Now moving to the environmental segment, sales in Q3 were $153 million and consistent with the Q2. We were very pleased to announce our long-term supply agreement with Cummins Engine a few weeks ago. This multi year supply agreement for our DuraTrap® and Celcor® to help Cummins comply with the US regulations for the medium and light duty engines beginning January 1st. I know many investors have been waiting for us to formally announce the names of our heavy-duty customers. Unfortunately, even though we have commitments in place with other engine manufacturers, we have to receive permission to use their names in a press release. So far only Cummins has agreed to this but we are optimistic we will be able to announce others in the near future. To date we have commitments from engine makers to supply more than 50% of the US heavy-duty market. I want to also update you on a very important milestone that occurred recently. This month the EPA announced the implementation of ultra low sulfur diesel fuel at all retail terminals. This is great news for our technology and great news for the environment. Ultra low sulfur diesel fuel is 97% less sulfur than standard diesel. The difference of 500 parts per million versus 15 parts per million, which is a major milestone and was always part of achieving the 2007 emissions regulations. In the Life Sciences segment, sales in Q3 were $68 million compared to the Q2 sales of 75 million. Segment incurred a loss of $8 million in the Q3 compared to the loss of $2 million in Q2 due to the lower sales and our continued investment and researching development for new products in Q2. One of those new products is Epic; I hope you saw our product launch announcement last month. Epic is a high-throughput label-free screening platform based on our proprietary optical biosensor technology. System performs both biochemical and cell based drug discovery applications and offers drug developers the ability to evaluate promising new drugs. So far we have received encouraging preliminary interest from potential customers. We’ll hear more about this exciting technology during our annual investor meeting in February. Now turning to the telecom segment, sales in Q3 were $456 million, a 3% decrease from Q2 and in line with our guidance. In comparison to a year-ago, our Q3 sales were up 15%. Sales of hardware and equipment products were $215 million in Q3 compared to $238 million in Q2. Decline was primarily due to lower fiber-to-the-premise sales in North America, and fiber-to-the-node sales in Europe. Sales in our fiber and cable products in Q3 were $241 million, slight increase over Q2 sales of $234 million. The increase is primarily due to strong cable, project sales, partially offset by lower fiber demand in North America and lower prices. Fiber-to-the-premise sales were $64 million in Q3, a decrease of about 25% which was a very strong Q2. In comparison to year-ago, fiber-to-the-premise sales were up about 40%. Net income of the telecom segment was $20 million in Q3 compared to $40 million in Q2. Decline was primarily result of higher mix of lower margin products and anticipated price declines. I’m sure you all saw Verizon’s announcement last month on their commitment to their fiber-to-the-premise project through 2010 and we are certainly pleased by the news. We never doubted Verizon’s commitment to the project; they historically waited till the end of the year to announce their plans for the upcoming year. We are also pleased by their connection rate projections over the next several years. This is a key revenue opportunity that I think many investors do not understand. As you know there is a significant opportunity for revenue each time Verizon passes a home and we also get a second bit of revenue apple if you will, every time Verizon connects a home. As a result there is a second stream of revenue opportunity for us that we hope will build as Verizon passes more homes to market their service to their communities. Equity earnings from Dow Corning in Q3 was $78 million compared to $104 million in Q2. As a reminder Q2 equity earnings from Dow Corning included the $33 million one time tax gain. Excluding this gain, the equity earnings from Dow Corning were up 10%, primarily due to the strong demand in Poly-Si. Now turning to the balance sheet, we ended Q3 with $2.8 billion in cash and short term investments up from $2.5 billion in Q2, while significant cash in-flow was the proceeds from $250 million in long-term debt and the price debt repurchased in Q2. Most significant outflow in Q3 was $338 million capital expenditures. Free cash flow was $76 million in Q3 and almost $200 million to date. We remain on track for a third year in a row of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. I’d like to wrap up by providing guidance for Q4. We are expecting revenues in the range of $1.28 billion to $1.33 billion and EPS in the range of $0.26 to $0.29 per share for special items. In our display segment, we are forecasting sequential volume growth for wholly-owned business to be up 20% to 30% in Q4. Regarding LCD glass pricing in our base business, we expect price declines to be consistent with Q3. At SCP, we are expecting sequential volume to be up 8% to 12% in the Q4 and with consistent price declines for Q3. Regarding the Q4 volume range for wholly-owned business, I want to take a moment to explain the wider range. As a reminder, it’s our theory based on the experience last year the supply chain becomes fairly contractive during Q4, even demand for LCD television essentially doubles in the short time frame, and this was evident last year when 32-inch televisions were sold out in Q4. We believe it’s very difficult for the supply chain to have enough products to satisfy this huge surge in Q4 demand and maintain a healthy supply of inventory. We believe this in turn caused a slight demand and supply chain not only deals with the Q4 but also replenishes the supply of LCD televisions through out the channel in preparation for Q1 demand. Given the inherent uncertainty of the extent of the contractions in supply chain but was prudent to provide a wider volume range. We still believe the overall glass market growth is on track 40% to 50% this year, with both SCP and our wholly-owned business volume up more than 50% of the first three quarters and our expectations for Q4 volume is clear, both are on a pace to grow near the top end of that range. I know many of your will ask if we are gaining market share, I remind you that it’s to difficult to estimate market share in the given quarter but a much clearer picture of the overall market some time in January. However, if Q4 volume is as strong as we are expecting we believe we will have the potential to gain some share. I would like to make one point on our volume guidance recipe, although the range is less lower than our homely own business please remember they have experienced growth every quarter this year, including Q2 when our wholly-owned business volumes actually declined 14%. Lastly I’ll like to return to my comments on the potential of Corning getting extra demand (inaudible) manufacturing problems. While we welcome the opportunity to help our customers, we were looking at a very strong Q4 to start with. This potential extra demand is nice but it is not the reason that we are planning on such a strong Q4. In our telecom segment, we expect Q4 sales could be down 20% to 25% compared to the Q3. Anticipated decline in sales will be a combination normally saw after seasonal demand and lower project related volume. Our Q4 telecommunication results were also being impacted by full quarter of lower prices, which are as a result of contract negotiations with customers during the latter part of the Q3. We detected some disappointment last night in calls after our release regarding our telecom sales broadcast. So I would like to comment on the decline in Q4. First, our telecom sales for the full year will be up 10% versus 2005, we adjust for the Japanese sales we moved into the join venture. We are delighted with the 10% increase in the decline in the price; second, we are seeing very different ordering patterns this year in two of our major telecom projects. Actually, 2004 and 2005 were different also, it’s different in 2006. We don’t think this reflects any change in the part of the customer’s intent nor any competitive weakness, and lastly as you there was seasonality in the telecom market in Q4. Regarding our other segments we expect sequential Q4 sales for our environmental segment to be consistent with Q3. So this departure for the normal Q4 declines you’ve previously seen in the segment but we expect our sales to be seasonally lower decline should be offset by higher diesel product sales. US Heavy-duty engine manufacturers are currently in the process of building inventory that would be complaint with the new mission regulations beginning on January 1st. We begin to see the benefit from the ramp in Q4. This ramp will be slightly slower than we originally expected and the truck makers buying the engines in advance of the new mission regulations. We expect Q4 sales in our Life Science segment, begin on slightly on a sequential basis in a normal seasonality. The sales and other reportable businesses are expected to be up by 10%. Now moving down the income statement for your modeling purposes. Gross margins for the company should be between 44%, 46%. Earlier our ability to hit the upper end of range would be depended on supply volume and the extent with the decline in telecom. SG&A is expected to be between 17% and 18% of sales, increase in SG&A in Q4 will result with normal seasonality. RD&E is expected to be around 10% to 11% sales in Q4.  We anticipate equity earnings in Q4 to be flat to down 5% compared to Q3. And our quarter net equity earnings are expected to be down 5% to 10% during the normal seasonality in the silicon industry. As I mentioned before regarding our tax rate for your modeling purposes you should use a range of 13% to 15%. Lastly you should again use 1.59 billion shares for Q4 when calculating EPS special items. One other comment on share count as I’ve mentioned in previous calls you should expect some executive selling after our quarterly announcements next week. As always, for executives who decide to sell stock, we encourage to use in the period immediately after our quarterly earnings announcement. One note on the impact of foreign exchange on our guidance, we merely do not forecast any change in foreign exchange guidance for translation purposes within our guidance.  Our guidance for Q4 assumes a yen to dollar rate of approximately $1.18 for translation purposes. If the yen to dollar rate averages $1.23 in Q4, we would estimate that our sales would be impacted by $25 million and MPAT by $20 million. The range included projected benefits for (inaudible) from our currency hedging program. Our capital spending for the year looks like it will be around $1.3 billion or the lower range of our previous guidance range. I would like to address the story that circulated yesterday that we have frozen our display capacity editions in Taiwan. This is not true.  As investors know we pay certain capacity editions by the use of modular or smaller tanks to try and match our view of the end market demand that we’ll see. Continuing to bring up (inaudible) year will be so again next year. We are also continuing our expansions in Japan and Korea it will be proven in China to get ahead of the market, but we expect to continue to be the market leader and supply our customers’ needs in GEN 5, GEN 6, GEN 7.5 and GEN 8, Ken.
Ken Sofio: Thank you Jim. Lisa, we are ready to take some questions now.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah good morning and congratulation and a very solid quarter.
Ken Sofio: Thank you.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Couple of quick questions. The first one would be just about the glass pricing environment, you did mentioned that you are not going to see the benefits of any sort of shortages in glass in Q4, but to give us some color as to whether the supply demand situation make things look better for 2007 and at what point would the contracts for 2007 and pricing be decided?
Ken Sofio: Well thanks for your comment Ajit. First, it’s just too early to offer much guidance on what’s going to happen in 2007 with pricing and glass demand supply balance. With that said, I’ll offer a few things that are worth thinking about it. I’m going to do it from order of easiest to understand to those that is going to take more time for us to understand and to get better insight on. The first is the impact of mix. Historically mix so or a greater percent of our sales being greater than GEN 5 than previous year’s would offer a positive impact on average pricing even though the product line level are you will continue to have price decline. Given that such a large percent of our volume is already greater than GEN 5, we would anticipate that we wouldn’t be getting that sort of mathematical upward pressure in the average.  That’s one thing to think about with your models. Second is the point that you’re getting in, which is glass supply demand balance. We would like to wait until we see how the yen market behaves in Q4 to be able to give us some insight as to what the glass demand and supply balance will look like going into next year. Especially noting, what does the strength of LCD penetration look like in the 40 to 50-inch range, very large size TVs, because that has a very significant impact both to our customers’ outlooks, their capacity plans are of course it consumes a lot of glass.  Finally and I think it’s going to really takes some time for us in the industry to understand is what the impact of the seasonality pattern of LCD demand. You heard Jim just speak about it in the opening comments, where such a large percent of LCD TV is being bought in Q4. The industry behaves seasonally and I think what’s going to be key is how do our customers adjust, do not overreact to the seasonality as well as the glass industry. So sorry, we can be a little more clear at this time but we still like to see a little more data.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: But in terms of GEN level of confidence of the generational ship and glass you do have GEN 8 that is ramping, that you know, historically you’ve had sort of a high teen’s premium on higher generation glasses. Are you still seeing that and do you still see like maybe two or three years out box to a higher generation of GEN 8?
Jim Flaws: Sir, we are still getting a premium on the new larger size and -- but remember just one GEN 5 against all these embedded base now, all this GEN 6 it’s you know, we don’t just don’t get the same mix benefit that we did before. Actually and the year that mix benefit helped us most on pricing was actually 2004, it’s much less in ‘05 and nothing this year. Unless everybody started the GEN 8 fab, which is not going to happen, we really are not looking for much impact or mix benefit. Just a comment relative to our competitors, competitors don’t look like they are rolling price as much as you are. They are actually now finally getting the mix benefit because the first time they are entering, they are shipping more of the larger sizes, whereas we are not.
Ken Sofio: To your question on GEN sizes beyond GEN 8, we are working on that now and we would think that we will have customers who will go larger than GEN 8 and seek to get even higher productivity on those very large-size TVs. But it’s too early to call timing.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay and the last question will be about telecom segment. Just looking at the kind of visibility you have especially after listening to the Verizon call I’m getting some visibility there. When do you expect your -- to start ramping and what’s the capacity utilization broadly in the industry right now for fiber?
Jim Flaws: So there is still more capacity then there is demand, in fiber we don’t see that situation changing any time soon. We’ve been able to productivity gained to continue to get more and more out of Wilmington facility. So at this time we don’t have plans to ramp up.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you so much and congratulations again on a very solid quarter.
Jim Flaws: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from John Anthony with Cowen & Co.
John Anthony - Cowen & Co: Good morning guys, couple of things I just want to clarify on the comments with the competitor in possibly picking up additional orders. So to state the obvious the guidance that you gave was for your business on a run rate basis. If customers were to comeback to you it would be additive if they needed additional capacity. I just want to make sure that’s not reflected in the glass guidance.
Jim Flaws: No, it is reflected in the glass guidance.
John Anthony - Cowen & Co: It is? Okay.
Jim Flaws: People are putting too much emphasis along the size of this -- potential of the customer, one competitor -- it’s nice to have a little bit extra. We are going to have very strong quarter even without that.
John Anthony - Cowen & Co: Okay, thanks and then on the environmental business. Can you just give us a sensible when you expect any sort of inflection to come in that business and how much of the current demand is been mass by some weakness and the traditional environmental businesses?
Jim Flaws: Well, we past the low point on diesel earlier this year and in Q4 we’ll see nice increase in revenues and our gross margins will continue to climb. It’s our expectation that we will pretty much see this build every quarter next year. We clearly are going through a slower ramp than what we original hope because of the big pre-buy and a lot of model change over it in the sense that engine manufacturers are incurring in Q1. But you know, I mean we’ve hit -- the inflection point has happen with the roll out of the regulations. So now we start climbing what we hope every quarter next year and our gross margins will be improving every quarter also so we are feeling quite good about that.
John Anthony - Cowen & Co: Okay and the last thing. I know you are not giving guidance for 2007, but could you give us a sense for the direction of capital spending?
Jim Flaws: Capital spending might be slightly down next year for the corporation.
John Anthony - Cowen & Co: Great, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you, our next questions comes from Michael Walker with Credit Suisse.
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Thanks good morning. The question on, you know, just the broad kind of high level ‘07 outlook in the glass business I think back in the spring when you’d had your analyst day you kind of threw a couple of numbers out there for the ‘07 timeframe. For instance, I think in the vicinity of 29% penetration LCD TVs it sounds like it’s going to be end up been well that work to about 60 million TVs, display search without saying, do you think it could be 66 million Sharp has raised the numbers, just wondering, I don’t want to preempt your ‘07 Analysts Day but just wondering if your expectations to turn the glass volume demand for ‘07 are starting to look low?
Jim Flaws: There is no question about it. I mean we will official revise at the February day, but you know our current thinking right now could be 33% penetration. We are clearly -- we are delighted, we show our recent announcement about their very bullish view, the demand for 2010. So we will update it but there is no question about it, we are seeing stronger tele division in the end and the other thing I think it’s equally exciting is the average size of the television is creeping up, you know, that was one of the surprises, it must had been at the end of Q4 last year largely got and we are delighted by the retail pricing that we are seeing on 40 to 42 inch televisions when (inaudible) this morning and he is about to buy a new television and its almost sitting his price point.
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then I just have a quick follow-up on the telecom side, if you could get a little more color on that being down 20% to 25% monthly average, that’s quite a bit more than normal seasonality, is this entirely on the long haul metro side of the businesses, is there an FPTP impact, I think (inaudible) was complaining about as the inventory bills in their O&T business for Q4 as reducing their outlook, is there a connection to that at all?
Jim Flaws: Let me start and I will let Wendell jump in. I think it’s important to remember that our year over year telecom revenues were actually up 15% in Q3. If you looked at Q3 of ‘05 versus ‘04 they are actually down 3%, so we were coming off of very strong quarter, and part of this is we are not seeing a consistent pattern in the ordering fiber-to-the-premise equipment, some of which can be inventory related but some of it can just be the buying habits of our customers. Wendell, do you want to add on to that.
Wendell Weeks: I think Jim has got it very accurately. As those of you who have been following us for a while will know you have heard us say consistently that we are delighted with our fiber-to-the-premise product offerings and our product offerings for fiber in the access that the customer demand, the number of customers are doing major projects just isn’t enough yet to get more consistency. So we are very reacted to major customer in the US and the major customer in Europe and what’s happening at their project and their project buying patterns. So, as a result you can’t get much insight from mining the seasonality data yet, you have to step back and look at the way Jim just been in his comments.
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, good morning, couple of questions. I guess you follow-up on that question on telecom you know, you’ve said a weakness in fiber to the premises and down taking ASPs further weakened the guide for Q4 but I guess you are talking about roughly $100 million revenue down tick for telecom, fiber-to-the-premise running $60 million to $70 million. There is got to be something else somewhere so can you sort of help me understand that?
Jim Flaws: So we are seeing a down tick in fiber-to-the-premise which is partially unit driven and also the price reductions. As when I mentioned we are seeing a drop off in Europe were a similar large customer is backing off on the amount they were putting in. We are seeing private networks to be down a little. I can’t think we can determine any rhyme or reason to private networks because it’s a very important part of our business and a very profitable part, but never has a consistent ordering period. We are seeing a little bit of weakness across the base, so you are talking about and you know, an $80 million down tick, but remember it’s coming off of the you know, a very good Q3 compared to a year ago. We don’t think that any of these customers with the possible exception in Europe where there may be a change in regulations that any customer is changing their intent here.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Okay, so in terms of the earnings contributions in telecom dropping from $0.03 to $0.01, I don’t know what’s for Q4 in the last three quarters, did it change your thinking about how you mange this business whether you try to change the cost structure at all?
Jim Flaws: Well, we’re -- I mean we have been trying to reduce our cost in this business on a consistent basis and actually we ended up more in terms of kind to reduce our fiber cost as we go forward but we are not changing our fundamentals of our view to telecom market just based on just one quarter. As I have mentioned before the total year revenue from this business is going to be up 10% year-over-year to take up the sale that we put through the joint venture now in Japan and that’s 10% after the price declines that’s the biggest increased we had in telecom a long time. So we are delighted that the business has been profitable last two quarters. We think that there will be return to ordering from the customers as they move in ‘07 as they work on these projects. So we like to understand the telecom but we always work on a reduce cost.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Sounds good, I guess moving over to displays, Jim, you talked about LCD gross margins directionally higher. Can you give some sort of sense in magnitude, you know, if I flat-line your gross margins for a non-display businesses that would suggest display was up about a 100 fabs, does that sound right?
Jim Flaws: No, it’s much more than I remember in Q2 we have, you know, we took (inaudible) from the lightning strike so our gross margins were excellent in Q3 as we got rebound not only with the volume but also manufacturing and the absence of the lightning strike. So we had excellent gross margin and we hope to again in Q4.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Would you expect to see the increase in Q4?
Jim Flaws: No I’m not going to make any forecast on it, but you know we think -- we hope that we’ll be able to do well, in their holding we are been down slightly on gross margin, but we are delighted to be back where we are after the low level in Q2.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Got you, and I guess final question for me, for pricing for glass, you know, I’m calculating for glass pricing down to 3.7% and for SCP down about 3.5% you know assuming roughly down 2% for assets. Are those numbers sort of in the ballpark?
Jim Flaws: Actually we are little bit higher on the core (inaudible) with the SCP demand about 3% I guess.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg: Yes I have a couple of quick questions. I guess the first one is you know given the volatility in the quarterly unit growth in the LCD business. We have tended to see inventory corrections occur more frequently given the significant changes in quarterly unit shipment. Are you concerned with this 20% to 30% sequential guidance versus what the panel makers are talking about their Q4 shipment levels that could be an inventory building going into Q1 next year?
Jim Flaws: I think it varies customer by customer what the expectation is. So I think that some of the Koreans have been more public on lower number so our guidance in the Korean part of our company SCP is more in line with what they are talking about. We are seeing very strong demand in Japan and Taiwan and we are not sensing that there is any inventory building but that’s one of the reasons why we gave the wider guidance of 20 to 30 because it’s possible that people get in the middle of December and say well maybe we put too much. But we are not sensing that people are building inventory I mean any rapid rate.  I think one of the things which is most important for us is Wendel, earlier is how the entire supply chain got to be dealing with the impact of the seasonality, now that the television is part of the glass this year were in the mid 30% of the use of the glass but obviously higher in Q4 going to television. So first of all, what our retail is going to do is a huge part of their revenue is in television. So they are going to try to do something in the first half of the year or they are always going to dependent on the November, December period.  Second, how do our customers -- panel makers react to it? There was a big learning a year ago I think, they wanted to build inventory in Q1 and have to take it out in Q2. Will they be operating differently? And then how do the glass makers operate? Because we ourselves are thinking about how we operate, not go through the cycle correction logistic. I’m not sure I would say they are happening more frequently. I think the last employee correction was really around four, many significance here but we clearly need to deal with the seasonality.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg: Okay, and just two quick other ones. On the gross margin in telecom with the new pricing that’s taking effect in Q4. As you look out to ‘07, assuming you have growth in the business 5% to 10%, something in the range you did this year, it just seems like your gross margins will not be up next year for telecom, I mean. Can you expand the margins to the telecom business with the new pricing given similar type of revenue growth next year?
Jim Flaws: Well, I think the right time for us to talk about telecom for next year will be when we do our annual session. That being said, because I wouldn’t overestimate the impact of the latest pricing negotiations. We have been doing this a long time. And what we always seek to do is continue to improve our productivity as well as new product offerings that help us lever our renovation base. One of those, for instance, in the fiber to the premise area is what we call (inaudible) where basically we do everything. We pre-engineer and preconnectorize all the product in our factory then just drop shift it right at the given neighborhood and at the exact spot where they are needed. All a customer has to do is plug-and-play and when it’s buried they got a big attention plug and play. So that type of dynamic is actually probably more important to our revenue picture as well as what do our customers actually do on volume. And I think as I step back from telecom, no matter who you talk to on our customer base, what you are talking about is how deep do they have to take forever as opposed to what the conversation just was a mere 24 months ago, which is will we ever need fiber again, right. And that fundamental shift I think is encouraging, how the microeconomics are going to work of our product sets, demand, cost, etc. let’s get into that when we get together and try to work.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg: Okay, and just lastly, Jim, when is the first year you think Corning will go back to a full effective tax rate?
Jim Flaws: I don’t think it’s happening in ’07. I think ‘08 would be the first year it could happen and a lot will be dependent on what we are doing in North America income, so definitely not next year but it could be ‘08 and what will begin doing for (inaudible) in ‘06 and ‘07 will look like if that had been the case, cash tax is obviously still quite a ways away.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Daubenspeck with Pacific Crest Securities.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you, just taking a look at kind of the price decline this year in terms of glass, you know, looking like in excess of 20%, is that the new kind of expectations for this market especially with your commentary about the shift to higher GEN sizes. I know you are not giving ‘07 guidance but should we assume that type of price declines as they move into next year as well?
Wendell Weeks: Well, I wouldn’t necessarily do that, I mean we do have the mix effect which Jim has already -- he talked about and I talked about, which really you know, he has been telling you much about the dynamics is just math, right? And you’ve already seen that reflected in this year. Beyond that, I just think it’s too early to tell. The factors are going to be glass supply demand and balance effects and we just need to see how that Q4 looks to get a better feel for that. And be able to offer better guidance on that  Then the point that Jim just made of seasonality, and how does that impact and we want to make sure we do it, I think our customers want to make sure that they do not overreact to that seasonality but instead stir our way through it in a more reasonable way. So I wouldn’t conclude from this year any fundamental shift other than their model of the mix affect. And then there let’s see what the end market looks like in Q4 and how everybody reacts.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities: Just a quick follow up. I mean, in looking at a couple of years do you see any change in terms of -- you know, you got three big players in glass market you know, in three or four years, you’re just going to have three big players as well?
Wendell Weeks: As we analyze this, we don’t see a lot of major moves going on in terms of market shares. There is an awful lot of dynamic that goes on, in total the market is large and the folks who are in it have done a good job of lowering cost. And so we still think that the industry structure, we don’t see any major shifts coming in the near-term
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Evanson with Sanford Bernstein.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, I got a demo of Cisco’s new TelePresence product last week and the project leader told me that they tried very hard to get the display size below 65 inches. But found it impossible because the smaller sizes couldn’t provide a realistic experience. Ignoring Window’s budget constraints, what’s your perspective on the optimal display size at typical viewing distances?
Jim Flaws: Beyond the CFOs capability to estimate that but we clearly -- you know, we are doing a lot of work on whether people -- you know, people are just moving up and we are seeing our customers talk about where -- like what LCDs would be in the 40s now, not moving up into the 50s while there is a 65-inch out there. I know this from the circular last Sunday, nice price on a 52, and we want to see when we are having that.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Still recovering from the joke at my expense on my budget cap and Jim was that comment about your ability to complete referring the windows budget or the display advice.
Jim Flaws: I think that we just haven’t done enough work on this Jeff, I think you make a great point and frankly as I am sure you remember, I was saying previous to really this year that I didn’t see LCD TV really breaking big into the above 40 inch market and I thought that our customers were being overly aggressive and I have ended up being very wrong. I think LCD is doing very well in the 40 to 50 and now our customers are saying something very similar to what you and Cisco were saying which is, hey, I think we can go bigger economically and I think the customer will want it. Once again I’m hearing conservatism finds that a little bit hard to believe. But we will be doing a more work on it Jeff, very good question.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Great, one other quick thing as Jim pointed during the prepared remarks, the relationship between sequential growth rates in SCP in the wholly-owned display’s business varies widely quarter to quarter. Could you share your thoughts on the likely revenue split between the two businesses for 2007?
Jim Flaws: We were notoriously wrong getting this balance between Korea and our wholly-owned business. It seems we always have to adjust part way through the year. I think clearly you know, our alliance with Samsung has been very beneficial to us and they are doing very well in the end market, along with their connection with Sony. We continue to have very large share there too and they are very successful in the end market. So you know, it’s not clear to me that you would see any big fundamental shift between Korea and our wholly-owned business. Obviously it will up or down a few points during the course of the year but you know, difference to what prior years but I don’t think we see a reason for that to be a fundamental shift.
Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning, Jim just going back to the gross margins if you look at the roughly 160 basis point improvement. Can you talk about the pushes and pulls and how much of that improvement was do directly to LCD glass and what were the other drags accounting for it.
Jim Flaws: For the corporation state?
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, just looking at the corporate gross margin and how it go to where it did through the September quarter.
Jim Flaws: Display was really the fundamental you know, driver of that where first of all we have to come back from the absence of the lightening strike. So that was the biggest portion of the biggest change and then the negative against that was you know, our telecom revenues, I am not talking sequentially for telephone, we were down and that was a drag buying with you know, some lower prices.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: But can you put the numbers around it how much of the basis point improvement was do to LCD?
Jim Flaws: I mean it really was driven by LCD, LCD overwhelmed every thing else.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then just looking out to next year’s CapEx, you mentioned that it would only be down slightly. Given that your customers have pulled in some capital spending and I think the amount of capacity coming on at the customer level is roughly 35% or so next year. How did that factor into your thinking for CapEx for the next year?
Jim Flaws: While your recall the question Steve, for someone asking for a general indication and so all I said was you know, it’s going to be down I mean, I am not giving guidance for next year. Then clearly you know, we pace and have for a while paced our display capital spending against what we think we need to have capacity. We did add quite a bit. And so display capital that will be down year over year, but I’ve got to wait till February for me to give you final numbers.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from John Harmon with Needham & Company.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Hi, good morning. I know you said that it was difficult to predict how they are going to act but I -- it seems kind of logical -- now that Verizon is no longer ramping in terms of the number of (inaudible) stick with three. Could that mean that they could smooth out their buying patterns at all and you’re big enough to (inaudible) that you have enough pull with them and you, you know, get them to even it out of a bit.
Jim Flaws: So to Verizon stand at three million tasks, would then even it out. Remember what Jim said in the opening about half of our revenue opportunity happens during the task, but the other half which Jim call the second the revenue apple, happens when the can connect when customers call them and say listen I want to sign up to file service and they go out and they install that connection between the home and the access point. So I don’t think the connectivity is going to be more predictable than the past. If anything it could be a little bit less. That been said, the way in which the cycles work on the buying cycle versus the actual project installation rate, it’s been more cyclical then it would need to be from sort of theory of constraints pull approach. And it’s always the opportunity that Verizon will get better and better at managing the project and find a way to smooth it out. As to -- we are big enough supplier than to have any clout with them on this. So yeah we are a big supplier there is just no question that Verizon is the customer here, we don’t have clout we react to their request. John Harmon - Needham & Company Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Jeff Osborne with CIBC World Markets.
Jeff Osborne - CIBC World Markets: Thank you, great quarter guys just two quick questions. I was wondering in the implied guidance of 20% to 30% growth in LCD, if you can just comment on the impact there of Asahi, I think someone had ask about that before and you said it was very negligible, but I’m just trying to get a sense of magnitude there?
Jim Flaws: I didn’t mean to use the word negligible. It’s certainly a smaller part of this you know we are looking for a very strong quarter and it’s embedded in there. But remember you are talking about their -- what we think might be the trend going out is, some 3% of the world’s market so it can’t have that big of impact on us. But it is embedded in there to a degree that our customers have called and have asked us for more and it was it due to that buy so.
Jeff Osborne - CIBC World Markets: Okay and then the quick response that you would be having there would be at pre-determined contract pricing, it wouldn’t be at any higher rates?
Jim Flaws: It would go out at the rates we will agree with.
Jeff Osborne - CIBC World Markets: I see and then the last question on the Dow Corning side. Can you just talk about how impactful Hallmark is to that total number?
Jim Flaws: It’s very important to them, Hallmark has grown to be from 10% of their overall revenues to, and I think this year maybe 17%. So obviously very profitable but we’ll point it out that their silicon business is also a good profitability in Q3. So there is no question about Hallmark has been very important to them last year, this year and we think we will continue to be so in the next couple of years.
Jeff Osborne - CIBC World Markets: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Daryl Armstrong with Citigroup.
Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup: Thank you very much, a couple of items. As you mentioned I mean on the previous question the potential supply disruption from your competitors’ non impacting pricing. As you think about 2007, given the fact that short-term supply demand actively doesn’t really seem to impact the contract pricing. Once you do your negotiations at the beginning of the year, given the fact that you don’t expect that mixes going to impact your average pricing, you guys should have pretty good visibility in terms of what the pricing pressure is going to be through the course of ’07, is that correct?
Jim Flaws: So, I think you may be over estimating our visibility. Well, in Q4 the reason Jim is saying that we are not anticipating any short fall, any potential short fall the part of our competitors to impact our quarter of low pricing is that we had already reached agreements with most of our customers and when we are going to supply at what price and if they come in with additional demand we just do that as part of us being a good supplier to respond to that. But the pricing has proven to be really sort of anything but predictable this past year, other than directionally and as we said at the beginning of the year we expected the price point to be under pressure.  This year more so than in past years and as we come into February, we will give you what our feel is for next year, but I would not portray that we have really strong visibility there at this point of time. We will do our best to analyze, get a good feel of that demand supply balance for next year, and what sort of the impact the seasonality would be, we will do our best to provide you what visibility we have.
Daryl Armstrong - Citigroup: And then one last question, you talked about the potential to pickup some market share in the LCD business at the end of this year, could you talk a little bit about your underlying market assumptions in terms of substrates just so that we have a better idea in terms of how much share potential that you are looking for and given the fact that it seems like most of this is not coming from the competitor’s production issues which you anticipate that the share that you pick up for during the year that you will continue that and hold on to that share in 2007?
Jim Flaws: So, I think that share is very hard to reach any conclusions on a quarter to quarter basis. And we are not setting out to gain a significant amount of share what were the other here. So, I think share is best viewed in sort of an annual basis and over this week of time, and we will provide some insights about that as well, as we go forward but I don’t think this is -- you should over emphasis the share gain in Q4 due to this production short fall. It’s hard for us to tell how big this production short fall is by our competitor. And how long it will last, and what its nature is, and how quickly they will recover. So, I just wouldn’t conclude too much from this here now.
Daryl Armstrong - Citigroup: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, our final question comes from Brant Thompson with Goldman Sachs.
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks very much I was wondering if you could just comment on two questions, one is I don’t think I heard somebody answers to the prior question exactly when you start to renegotiate the glass pricing for next year, number one. And number two, if you could just talk about how you expect the profitability in the diesel business to develop as we you know, think about achieving some of these long-term targets, if you could just refresh our memories on that, thanks?
Jim Flaws: Well, last couple of years we’ve done Q1 pricing in November beginning in December period and I can’t imagine why that would be any different this year for display. On diesel, we expect gross margin to improve every quarter going forward. Q4 would be ahead of Q3 and I would expect that the market behaves as we anticipate and volume increases every quarter next year. Then the gross margin will move up and that’s the primary thing that we’ve been waiting for is we get some real volume. We where talking about now our diesel revenue this year, all and done, probably $188 million should be going up substantially next year. And we are looking for to contribute our gross margin each quarter as we go through. And we think we past the impact to the pre-buys we get to the back half of next year and you’ll just start to get a better idea what run rates look like in this business. You know we got -- brief the improving our manufacturing as we finally get to make quantities and you’ll see some real contribution --on the run.
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. I just have a couple of closing comments including some Investor Relations announcements. Katherine A. Asbeck, our Senior VP-Finance will be representing at the Western New York Investor Conference in Buffalo on October 31st will be presenting at the UBS Global Communications and Technology Conference in New York City on November 14th. And I’ll be presenting at the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference in Arizona on November 28th and also the Lehman Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 7th. And we’d be delighted to see you at one or more of these events. Regarding our Q3 results and Q4 guidance, we are certainly on track for another very strong year for both revenue and earnings growth.. Revenues grew 10% earnings per share, excluding special items on page 12 more than 25%. Gross margins will average between 44% and 45% which will be the highest in our reporting history including the big sales year 2000. I hope investors are as pleased as we are with performance of the company to date and our momentum heading into Q4. Jim.
Ken Sofio - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Wendell and thank you all for joining us today. A playback of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today and will run through 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on November 8th. To listen, dial 203-369-0648. No password is required. The audiocast is also available on our website during that time.  Lisa, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation, you may disconnect at this time, please. Thank you

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-26 11:45:00) =====
Executives: Wendell Weeks - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer Ken Sofio - Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners  Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan Chase & Company  John Harmon - Needham & Company  Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup  John Robertson - Buckingham Research Group  Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities  Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch  C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers  Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg  Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the second quarter results conference call. All parties will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s second quarter conference call. This call is also being audiocast on our website. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, President and Chief Executive Officer will join for the Q&A.  Before I turn the call over to Jim, you should note today’s remarks do contain forward-looking statements in the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Jim.
Jim Flaws: Thanks, Ken, good morning, everyone. Last night, we released our results for the second quarter, which can be found on our investor relations website. In addition, for those of you with web access, we have posted several slides this morning that will summarize the important data from this morning’s prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our website after the call as well.  Regarding our second quarter results, we are obviously very pleased with our earnings performance, although we fell short of our original sales expectations.  Our second quarter sales were $1.26 billion, and consistent with the first quarter, but below the bottom of our guidance range by about $30 million, or 2%. This was primarily due to weaker display revenue. In comparison to the second quarter of last year, sales were up 11%.  Our EPS before special items was $0.26 and at the top-end of our guidance range. Strong results were primarily due to strength in our telecommunications segment and lower operating expenses, which offset weaker display results.  In comparison to a year ago, second quarter EPS excluding specials grew 30%.  This is probably a good time to update you on the power outage at the LCD plant located in Shizuoka, Japan. We are pleased to report that all the tanks have been repaired and are fully operational. The out-of-pocket expense as a result of the repair and shipping costs was only $6 million in the second quarter.  Since the volume in the second quarter was so much lower than originally anticipated, it is difficult to compare these costs and the impact of lost production with our original estimate. I will get into more details about our display results in a few minutes.  Net profit after tax excluding special items in the second quarter was $421 million, and basically flat with the first quarter. In comparison with the second quarter of 2005, net profit after tax excluding special items was up $109 million, or 35%.  We should note that EPS net profit after tax excluding special items are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our website. We should also note that second quarter sales and net income benefited slightly due to changes in foreign exchange rates in comparison to the first quarter.  Let me walk you through the special items for the quarter.  We reported a pre- and after-tax gain of $61 million, primarily reflecting the decrease in the market value of Corning stock, to be contributed to settle the asbestos litigation related to Pittsburgh [Corn]. Corning share price decreased during the quarter from $26.92 to $24.92. In addition, we also recorded an after-tax gain of $10 million to reflect the release of the valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets in Australia, as our business there has now demonstrated to sustain profitability. We also recorded a loss of $11 million on retirement of debt.  Lastly, our equity earnings from Dow Corning included a gain of $33 million related to Dow Corning’s settlement with the United States Internal Revenue Service regarding liabilities for tax years 1992 to 2003. This settlement resolves all federal tax issues related to Dow Corning’s implant settlement.  You can find a reconciliation of all these special items on our investor relations website.  Including these special items, our second quarter EPS was $0.32 per share. Now, continuing down the income statement, gross margins in the second quarter were 43%, and right in the middle of our guidance range. SG&A was $194 million in the second quarter, or 15.4% of sales, compared to $223 million in the first quarter. This steep increase was primarily due to lower compensation expense and accruals in the quarter, some of which are impacted by the change in our stock price.  RD&E was $128 million in the second quarter and fairly consistent with the first quarter.  Equity earnings were $256 million in the second quarter compared to $200 million in the first quarter. As I mentioned a moment ago, second quarter equity earnings included the $33 million gain at Dow Corning. As a reminder, our first quarter equity earnings included a $21 million impairment charge for Samsung Corning CRT. If you exclude both of these special items, equity earnings were fairly consistent quarter to quarter.  Our tax rate in the second quarter was 15%, and at the bottom of our guidance range of 15% to 20%. Our share count for the second quarter was 1.597 billion shares and fairly consistent with the first quarter.  Let’s move on to our segment results for the quarter. I will start with display.  Sales were $461 million in the second quarter, a 16% decrease from the first quarter sales of $547 million. This decrease was primarily due to a 14% decline in volume and lower pricing. Price declines in the second quarter were lower than the upper-single digit declines in the first quarter, and this lower level was consistent with our guidance.  As a reminder, whenever I refer to LCD glass pricing, it is on a mix-weighted basis.  The impact of the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate was actually slightly positive.  In comparison to the second quarter of last year, sales in the display segment grew 11% as volume gains of 38% were offset by foreign exchange rates and price declines.  Equity earnings from SCP were $133 million in the second quarter and lower than the first quarter equity earnings of $140 million. You should note that the first quarter included a non-recurring gain of $7 million.  SCP sequential volume growth in the second quarter was 3% and price was down slightly. Year-over-year volume growth at SCP was 52%.  Sequentially, total LCD glass volume, including our fully-owned business, plus Samsung Corning Precision, was down 6% in the second quarter and consistent with our revised guidance for May 22nd. In comparison to a year ago, our total LCD volume growth was 45%.  Net income and display segment, which included the equity earnings, was $344 million in the second quarter, down 18% compared to $417 in the first quarter. The decrease in net income is primarily a result of lower sales.  In comparison to the second quarter of last year, display net income, including equity earnings, was up 20%.  The gross margin in our second quarter in our wholly-owned business was lower than the first quarter. The decline was primarily due to the out-of-pocket expenses from the Shizuoka power outage, lower pricing, and reduced volume in comparison to the first quarter.  I would like to spend a few minutes updating you on the end-market trends in the second quarter. As always, I would like to stress we do not have perfect information. We use a variety of sources, ranging from services that are available to use, such as display search, along with retail tracking vendors, our own discussion with customers, as well as our own models. With that in mind, you should know the following data has been derived from a aggregate of industry sources that are considered preliminary at this stage. Final data for the second quarter will not be available for another month.  Be clear the data we reference relates to shipments from PC manufacturers and TV set makers to retailers.  In summary, the preliminary data indicates that the end-market shipments were in line with our expectations and on track for all three primary applications, notebooks, monitors and LCD televisions. Starting with notebooks, about 18.3 million were shipped in the second quarter, in line with our expectations. This was a slight increase over notebook shipments in the first quarter. We believe the penetration notebook computers reached 37% of all computers sold in the second quarter, up from 35% in the first quarter. Moving to LCD monitors, about 31 million were shipped in the second quarter compared to 29 million in the first quarter. We believe the penetration of LCD monitors inched up from 79% in the first quarter to 80% in the second quarter. For LCD televisions, almost 8.5 million were shipped in the second quarter, also in line with our expectations. This represents a 10% increase over the first quarter shipments of 7.5 million. More importantly, however, is the penetration LCD television into the color TV market grew from 17% in the first quarter to an estimated 19% in the second quarter. Based on the continued strong demand and further anticipated retail price reductions heading into the holiday seasons, we estimate LCD penetration this year to be approximately 20%. As I have indicated, this sell into end-market data seems on track versus our expectation. As you know, we buy several retail tracking services to determine how the true retail end-market is going. The data here does lag, and we cannot get complete worldwide coverage. However, this data also indicates the true end-market retail sales are in line with our forecast. I would like to spend a few minutes updating you on the current supply chain inventory situation. As a reminder, our visibility in the supply chain varies. For obvious reasons, we have good insight into the glass market as well as our direct customers, the panel makers. Admittedly, our insight beyond the panel makers, for example, into inventories at the set assembly and retail levels, is not as robust. With that in mind, let me quickly walk you through what we believe has transpired over the last two quarters.  We believe the inventory build in the supply chain began in the first quarter, particularly at the Taiwanese panel makers. As we told you during the conference call in April, we thought some of our glass shipments in the first quarter which, as you recall, were much higher than we had anticipated, ended up in panel inventory.  At that time, we also warned the number of days of panel inventory increased during the first quarter. We believe the increase in inventory was primarily related to monitor panels, although there clearly was some television panel inventory built as well.  As a result, we announced our sequential display segment volume would be flat to up 5% at best for the second quarter. We promised investors we would continue to monitor the panel inventory situation and provide updates accordingly. During the second week in May, we saw further evidence the panel inventory was building in the supply chain, again particularly at the Taiwanese panel makers and particularly for monitors. The first piece of evidence was the final April inventory data, which indicated the number of days panel inventory had increased yet again.  At the same time, two Taiwanese panel makers informed us they were reducing their utilization and, as a result, cutting back on glass orders. We decided at that point there would most likely be other panel makers who would lower their utilization rates during the quarter, further impacting our glass volume.  As a result, on May 22nd we announced we were lowering our sequential display segment volume forecast from flat to up 5 to flat to down 5. This was total volume, including Samsung Corning Precision. It is evident the excess panel production in the first quarter contributed to the inventory build. We have seen this happen in the industry previously. To alleviate the inventory build, panel makers have historically relied on price reductions to move inventory further through the supply chain. This has been particularly true for monitors over the past several years. This approach has worked well in the past, especially when monitor penetration was still relatively low compared to today. But with monitors now at 80% penetration, the price reductions, [indicated] by the panel makers this time around, may not have the same desired clearing effect, especially in regards to speed. As inventory levels had continued to build and panel prices approached cash cost, many panel makers elected to reduce utilization in their fabs in late May and early June. Clearly the most significant reductions were at the Taiwanese panel makers, which was evident in second quarter volume declines at our wholly-owned business, compared to the higher volumes at SCP. We believe on average, the Taiwanese panel makers reduced their utilization to around 70% although there were two customers that were much lower. On the other hand, the Korean and the Japanese panel makers continued to add substantially higher utilizations. What is the current status of the supply chain?  Our latest industry checks indicate that some of the Taiwan panel makers have been successful in reducing inventories through aggressive utilization cuts in June. Obviously the amount of panel inventory still varies by customer but in general, the overall data of inventory have been reduced.  As a result, we began to see an improvement in the overall utilization rates of some panel makers in July, although they are currently not back to the levels we saw in quarter one. We anticipate panel inventory levels will continue to decline and the panel makers utilization rates will rise as the third quarter progresses. In fact, we believe there has already been a pull-through of monitor panels downstream as a result of panel maker actions to reduce utilization. Having said that, please remember what I said earlier about the lack of robustness of the data we receive from further down the supply chain. It is no surprise the strength of the end market will be a significant contributing factor in how quickly the supply chain rights itself. The good news here is that the end market trends continue to be on track and we are heading into the traditionally stronger second-half for monitor and television sales. Now let me take a moment to share some seasonality data with you. I will first walk through the data we have sales into retail. This is the data you can obviously get from outside vendors, such as Display Search. I will also share with you some of the seasonality models we have building for sales out of retail. For those who are viewing the slides online, what you will see here is that for both LCD monitors and television, sales into retail and out of retail are much higher than second half of the year compared to the first half.  I will start with monitors. Over the past three years, about 43% of all LCD monitors sold into retail in a given year have been in the first-half, compared to 57% sold in the second-half. In the second-half, LCD monitor sales into retail have been more weighted to the fourth quarter, with 31% sold in the last three months compared to 26% sold in the third quarter. As you can see on the chart for LCD monitors, the percentage sold out of retail in the second-half and fourth quarter are fairly consistent with sales into retail. Now let's talk about television. For traditional color television sales, the seasonality trends are similar to monitors. Historically, about 54% of all color televisions sold into retail in a given year have been sold in the second half. Within the second half, about 25% sold in the third quarter, 29% in the fourth quarter. For LCD televisions, the impact of seasonality is greater, although we do not have as much history. Since 2003, approximately 62% of all LCD televisions sold into retail in a given year have been sold in the second-half. Within the second-half, 25% have been sold in the third quarter and 37% sold in the fourth quarter.  However, the impact of seasonality is even greater when looking at the number of LCD televisions sold out of retail in the fourth quarter. Since 2003, approximately 44% of all LCD televisions sold out of retail in the fourth quarter, compared to 37% sold into.  Timing differences between sales into retail and sales out of retail pose an interesting forecasting challenge for us and the industry, particularly as television becomes a bigger driver of our LCD glass demand. In addition, while there are clearly similarities between the LCD monitor and LCD television seasonality trends, we do not believe the supply chain prepares for the surge in demand the same way for both products. There are indications the supply chain becomes severely contracted for LCD television sales, given demand effectively doubles in a very short period of time. It was evident last year when 32" televisions were sold out in the fourth quarter. We believe it is very difficult for the supply chain to have enough products to satisfy the huge surge in the fourth quarter demand and maintain a healthy supply of inventory. We believe this in turn can cause surges in demand for glass as the supply chain deals not only with the fourth quarter, but also replenishes the supply of LCD televisions throughout the channel in preparation for first quarter demand. We are continuing to work to enhance our understanding of the potential compression of the standard three months from glass into retail supply chain metric. Of course, these are theoretical discussions. We wanted to share them with you to underscore how difficult it is to accurately predict glass demand, especially in an industry that is still in its infancy. To wrap up this part of the discussion, we are clearly expecting to see very strong seasonal demand for both monitors and TVs in the second-half. Obviously, based on my comments above, estimating how much glass we pulled into the supply chain in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter is getting more complicated. We continue to believe the overall LCD glass market volume will grow between 40% and 50% this year. I will provide additional detail in our expectations for glass demand in the third quarter during the outlook discussion. Before I move on to the environmental business, I would like to provide an update on glass mix and EAGLE XG. Our glass mix of GEN 5 and higher in the second quarter was 84%, fairly consistent with the first quarter. The mix of GEN 5.5, 6, 7 glass was 48% in the second quarter, up from about 45% in the first quarter. Regarding EAGLE XG, we continue to be very pleased by the acceptance rate from our customers for our new extra green glass. As you all know, we recently signed an agreement with Sharp to be the majority supplier for their GEN 8 glass needs, which will be entirely EAGLE XG glass. In addition, two Taiwanese panel makers are in the process of securing glass supply for their new large-sized glass fabs and the interest level in EAGLE XG is very high. Regarding Sharp and their GEN 8 glass needs, we began shipping small quantities of production-ready glass in the second quarter. We plan to continue to increase our shipments of GEN 8 glass to Sharp in the third and fourth quarters. A reminder -- as with all new panel fab ramps, their pace and timing can be unpredictable as they bring scale up. Now, moving to the Environmental segment, sales in the second quarter were $152 million, and down slightly from the first quarter. An increase in diesel retrofit sales volume was offset by lower automotive sales, especially in North America. For the second quarter in a row, the segment posted significantly higher gross margins. We are very pleased with the strong manufacturing performance of our light duty diesel filters.  Net income in the Environmental segment was $9 million in the second quarter versus break-even in the first quarter. In the Life Sciences segment, sales in the second quarter were $75 million. That is slightly higher than the first quarter sales of $72 million. The segment incurred a net loss of $2 million in the second quarter compared to a loss of $5 million in the first quarter, as we continue to invest in research and development for new products. Moving to Telecommunications, sales in the second quarter were $472 million, a 19% increase from the first quarter, and in line with the guidance range we had revised upward in May. Sales of our hardware and equipment products were $238 million in the second quarter, a 24% increase over the first quarter sales of $192 million. This increase was primarily due to strong fiber-to-the-premise sales and strength in our base business. Fiber-to-the-premise sales were about $80 million in the second quarter, an increase of 45% from the first quarter. Sales in our fiber and cable products in the second quarter were $234 million, a 14% increase over the first quarter sales of $205 million. The increase was due to strong fiber demand in North America, Europe and China. Net income of the telecom segment was $40 million in the second quarter, compared to break-even in the first quarter. We are obviously very pleased by the segment's significant contribution to the bottom-line. In our other reportable business, sales in the second quarter, $101 million, up from $91 million in the first quarter. The increase was due primarily to higher demand for advanced optics and technical materials. Equity earnings from Dow Corning in the second quarter were $104 million, including the tax gain I mentioned earlier. Excluding this gain, equity earnings from Dow Corning were fairly consistent with the first quarter. Now moving to our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $2.48 billion in cash and short-term investments, consistent with the first quarter. The most significant cash in-flows for the quarter were from operating activities, which also benefited from lower working capital needs and $82 million in net customer deposits. Cash flow from operations totaled $589 million.  The most significant out-flow in the second quarter was $274 million in capital expenditures. Free cash flow was $299 million for the quarter and $123 million for the first half. We remain on track for the third year in a row of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. We were also delighted that Moody's recently raised its credit rating on Corning to BAA2 from the previous grade of BAA3 during the quarter. You should note that, consistent with our continued focus on improving financial health, you can expect us to opportunistically issue or refinance certain debt over the remainder of the year. The only balance sheet item I will mention is inventory, which increased $48 million to $664 million in the second quarter, versus $616 million in the first quarter. The increase was driven primarily by higher LCD glass and diesel inventories. I would like to wrap up by providing you our guidance for the third quarter.  We are expecting revenues in the range of $1.26 billion to $1.33 billion, and EPS in the range of $0.22 to $0.26 per share before special items.  In our Display segment, we are forecasting sequential volume growth for our wholly-owned business to be up 5% to 15% in the third quarter. Regarding LCD glass pricing in the base business, we expect price declines to be consistent with the second quarter. At SCP, we are also expecting sequential volume to be up 5% to 15% in the third quarter, but with additional pricing pressure compared to the second quarter. As a result, we are anticipating lower equity earnings from SCP in the third quarter. Before turning to our other segments, I would like to comment on the potential difference between our sequential growth estimates of 5% to 15%, and some of the panel makers announcing growth percents above 20%.  We do expect them to lower inventories in quarter three, so glass into them will be less than panels out. We have noted this disparity has occurred in past quarters. In our telecom segment, we expect third quarter sales to be flat to down slightly, in comparison to a very strong second quarter. Sales trend will be consistent for both hardware and equipment, fiber and cable. Our third quarter Telecommunications results will also be impacted by anticipated price declines. Regarding our other segments, we expect sequential third quarter sales from Environmental Life segments to be consistent with the second quarter, and sales in our other reportable businesses are expected to be up 5% to 10%. I know many of you were expecting to see more growth in the environmental segment in the third quarter, given the anticipated ramp in heavy duty diesel filters to meet the regulations that go into effect here in the United States beginning in 2007. Ramp is now expected to occur later in the year than our original expectations, due to higher purchases of heavy duty vehicles in advance of the regulations. We now expect to see the ramp for heavy duty diesel filters to start in the fourth quarter this year. Moving down the income statement, for your modeling purposes, gross margins for the company should be between 41% and 43%.  SG&A is expected to return to normal levels, about 17% of sales. R&D niche should remain around 10% of sales. We anticipate equity earnings in the third quarter to be down 5% to 10% compared to the second quarter, after adjusting out the $33 million tax gain at Dow Corning in the second quarter. Higher equity earnings from Dow Corning in the third quarter will be more than offset by lower earnings from SCP, and higher net charges at Samsung Corning CRT, related to the dismantling of the CRT capacity included in the restructuring plan we had announced in the third quarter of last year. We expect the higher net charges to impact our third quarter results compared to the second quarter by about $0.01 per share. Regarding our tax rate for your modeling purposes, you should continue to use a range of 15% to 20% for the third quarter. Lastly, you should use $1.59 billion shares for the third quarter when calculating EPS before special items. One other comment on share count, as I mentioned in previous calls, you should expect some executive selling after our quarterly announcements next week. As always, executives who decide to sell stock, we encourage these in the period after our quarterly earnings announcement. As of the restatement in the second quarter, we did not allow any executive selling. One note on the impact of foreign exchange in our guidance -- we ordinarily do not forecast any change in foreign exchange for translation purposes within our guidance. The guidance for the third quarter assumes a yen to dollar rate of approximately $1.15 per translation purposes. If the yen to dollar rate averages $1.20 in the third quarter, we would estimate our sales would be impacted by $20 million and MPAT by approximately $15 million. This includes any benefit from our currency hedges. I would like to make one comment about our EPS guidance for the third quarter. Clearly the range is wider than we have been giving in the past, and it may be disappointing to some investors, given our strong first and second quarter results. We believe the wider EPS range is justified, given the inherent uncertainty surrounding the LCD supply chain, specifically the timing of improvement in both panel inventories and the utilization rate to panel makers.  While we have confidence the end-market trends continue to be strong, it is difficult to determine if the supply chain will correct itself earlier in the third quarter or later. We are also being exposed to the changing seasonality pattern with the impact of the larger television market. As I discussed earlier, the TV market is weighted more heavily in the fourth quarter. We are also cautious about the potential impact of general economic factors on consumer sentiment. Regarding the lower EPS guidance, let me walk you through our thinking on the range of $0.22 to $0.26. Let me start with the $0.26 we earned in the second quarter. As I mentioned, our third quarter results will be impacted by the charges at Samsung Corning CRT and lower pricing in Telecommunications. These are expected to impact us by roughly $0.01 per share each, or about $0.02 in total. As a result, the starting point for the third quarter is $0.24. If you use the midpoint of the Display volume, it would be offset by pricing on the net income line, so we would still be at $0.24. You model either the high- or low-end of the Display volume range, it would move EPS up or down $0.02. This would bring you to either $0.22 or $0.26 per share of guidance for the third quarter. Before we move into the Q&A session, I would like to take a moment to discuss the timing of stock option grants, a topic that has been in the press lately. Our stock options are granted the same time each year. For executives, stock options are approved at our December board meeting. Half are granted the day of the board meeting, a quarter granted the first business day of January and a quarter granted on the first business day of February. For non-executives, stock options are approved and granted on the day of our annual shareholder meeting, which is typically the last Thursday in April. The only time stock options are granted outside of these two meetings is when an executive is promoted or for new hires. Stock options are always priced at the average of high and low price at the date of the grant, and usually invest over three years and have a ten-year life. Ken. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Lisa, we are ready to take questions now. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Curt Woodworth with JP Morgan.
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan:  Hi, good morning.
Jim Flaws:  Good morning.
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan :  Jim, can you provide more clarity on the degree of the gross margin decline this quarter? How much decline did you see sequentially? And then looking into the third quarter, do you expect further gross margin reductions in specifically the Display segment? As it appears, price declines are going to offset any volume gains you have just at the midpoint of the range.
Jim Flaws:  So the gross margin decline on percentage basis was slight in terms of the percent; it was not significant and I'm not expecting based on our forecast for volumes and prices -- if those materialize -- to see much change in gross margin percent Q2 to Q3.
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan Chase: On the pricing front, can you comment on what is driving the price reductions? It seems like the price competitiveness has gone up this year mainly in Gen 6 and you commented that SCP is going to see more price pressure sequentially in the third quarter. Can you just give us your thoughts there?
Jim Flaws: Well, I think we've been pretty consistent that we expected this year to be a more price competitive year. You may recall in February, we've shown you when the ranges of price declines in this business over the course of history and we said this is going to be more price competitive year. Particularly when you could see periods of time where there's been a back-up in the supply chain, that's an opportunity for panel makers to be quite aggressive about pushing for price declines on generations of glass that have been around for quite a period of time, particularly 5 and 6, and be seeking more in the way of price reductions. So as always, the focus for us is to continue to reduce our cost. The challenge in the most recent quarter, aside from the [Shizuoka] lightning strike is obviously we had prepared originally and had fixed costs in place to make far more than the amount of square footage we prepared for. Ultimately over time, if we don't grow as much, we can grow into that fixed cost but that also influenced the gross margin percent.
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan Chase: This quarter the fact that the gross margin reduction was not that severe despite the lack of operating leverage and price pressure, does that mean your costs down is also running around the 15% range in terms of holding that gross margin?
Jim Flaws:  I'm not going to comment any further on our cost reductions per quarter.
 Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan Chase: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning.
Jim Flaws:  Good morning.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners:  A couple of quick questions. The first is just looking at the CapEx projection for the rest of the year given that you wouldn't need that much more capacity coming online in the consolidated business. I think you guided to next quarter volume that's almost flat with the first quarter; and then your cash conversion rate, do you expect that to accelerate from the current quarter or do you expect that to actually slowdown in the second half of the year?
Jim Flaws: Well, first relative to CapEx, we are not changing our CapEx materially for the remainder of this year. We will probably slow a little bit from what we've previously said. I think the impact of the slightly slower growth would be more likely to show up next year than this year. In terms of capturing cash, the big swing item will really be working capital and if our revenues go up with the higher end of the range obviously some of that will go into receivables, so that's the primary swing item for the back half of the year.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Since your business mix has changed, can you remind us again of the impact of currency going forward and EPS against the Japanese yen?
Jim Flaws:  I think in our call, we said five points would be $20 million and revenue at $15 million on MPAT including the impact on the equity earnings.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Harmon with Needham & Company.
John Harmon - Needham & Co.:  Good morning.
Jim Flaws:  Good morning.
John Harmon - Needham & Co.:  In my question, I just wonder three thing: One thing is a statement that you made in Taiwan saying that the time from when you make the glass to when the TV shows up at the retailer is about three months. That would imply that really in Q3 you're making glass for Q4 sales of televisions. How does that relate to that diagram you showed, where it shows the really strong seasonality in Q4?  In other words are you making enough glass, could you have a shortage and how much are you counting on from inventory to get there?
Jim Flaws: So this is an area that we've had a belief statement about for three months but we're working very hard to understand the supply chain because the obvious question is, are televisions going to be that high in fourth quarter? Shouldn't we begin to be seeing some more orders? One of the things that we do know is that in talking to retailers is that the retail chain can be compressed, first of all by air shipments and we know how much it costs to air ship a 32" television. If someone feels they are going to miss a sale, that's something that could be a decision chosen by both the supplier and the retailer. The other thing that we have seen is that there actually is a drawdown of inventory that occurs fairly dramatically; and in fact, we saw a little bit of this last year. You may recall that our fourth quarter glass shipments were up higher than we expected. We think essentially we're partially refilling the supply chain which they compress during this traumatic retail season.  But clearly, we would expect to see our shipments climb month by month if this forecast is going to come true. If it doesn't, then either we've got the end market wrong or there may be something else going on in the supply chain that we don't understand. But right now given that we did see an increase in utilization in July as some of the people who have been working off inventory started to come back up, we think it's in line with our expectations.  The unknown for us always was when we saw this dip in Q2 was, would it be fixed by the beginning of Q3 or would it take or go month by month within Q3?
John Harmon - Needham & Co.: So it sounds like if the retailers use air shipment you could manufacture a little bit of glass in Q4 that would go into televisions and it would ship before the holidays?
Jim Flaws: We absolutely believe that would occur. We don't think we can manufacture glass in December and get it to somebody's Christmas tree, but we certainly think that glass made in October could get to retail. Remember, of course, that we tend to focus on the U.S. as being a major channel, but the LCD televisions are sold around the world, particularly in Asia so the supply chain is not that long there.
John Harmon - Needham & Co.:  Great. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Daryl Armstrong with Citigroup.
Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup:  Thank you very much. Two questions. One on LCD and one on fiber. You talked about your expectation that utilization rates would increase this quarter as we move through the quarter. Could you also talk about your expectations around the growth and overall productive capacity at your customers? Are you expecting that to be flat on the quarter to quarter basis? Or if there's growth, how much? Then I have a follow-up.
Jim Flaws: I don't have the numbers for the overall capacity of our panel makers right handy on the call, so I can't really help you on that. Clearly, there are not that many new fabs that I think that are being ramped this quarter. The Gen 8 and Sharp is relatively small so it really relates more to the utilization there, but I don't have the numbers handy for that.
Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup: In terms of the fiber business, you spoke of more momentum in Europe as well as in China. Could you talk about in terms of the fiber sales that you're seeing there, is it primarily access or are you seeing some metro and long haul deployments as well?
Jim Flaws: So in Europe, it's access and North America, we are seeing both access and metro; I don't have handy what the mix is in Asia.
Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Robertson with Buckingham.
John Robertson - Buckingham Research Group: Good morning, guys, and congratulations on the quarter just passed.
Jim Flaws:  Thank you, John.
John Robertson - Buckingham Research Group: Should we expect SCP's volume to track Samsung's glass demand or should we expect SCP to track the overall? You had a pretty big divergent this quarter so I'm just trying to figure outgoing forward which it is going to track: the industry demand or Samsung?
Jim Flaws: So SCP will track both Samsung and LPL. Obviously they have greater share in SCC than they do at LPL but we have very strong volume with both of those so you need to track both of them in thinking about their volume.
John Robertson - Buckingham Research Group: The chart that you had on the seasonality of LCD TV versus all TV, I don't know if you have the data but qualitatively, if you just looked at Japan or even Europe where you have higher penetration already of LCD TV, is the seasonality even more pronounced, the difference, or is it less pronounced?  LCD has a divergence here. I don't know if as the penetration gets higher is that divergence going to lessen which is what you would expect or does it actually get higher for a period?
Jim Flaws: I don't have that handy. I don't know, Wendell, if you have seen that but I don't think I've seen that. It's a good question.
Wendell Weeks: I think the logic that you're on is the same logic that we would have that a part of the higher degree of seasonality in LCD is driven by the higher penetration rate as you go through the year. That being said, I haven't seen the split out of the regional data. Excellent question. We'll follow-up, John.
John Robertson - Buckingham Research Group:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Daubenspeck with Pacific Crest Securities.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities:  Thank you very much. My question is in regard to telco. You mentioned a pricing change in Q3. Is this part of a planned, normal seasonal thing or is it something that changed in terms of Q2 on the telco side?  The second question is specific to the fiber part of the market. Has there been any material change in the competitive environment over the last quarter or so?
Wendell Weeks:  So first to the price point, our anticipated price declines are driven by big U.S. customers. Now, it's not an everyday event, but that doesn't mean that it won't happen again. So I wouldn't take it as meaning there is a very long pause necessarily that happened post this Q3 move. And as far as the competitive environment, we're not seeing any significant shift in the competitive dynamic. The market remains highly competitive.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities: Just to go back to LCD, based on your initial expectations, were there any material shifts in share within glass relative to NEC in Q2?
Jim Flaws: I don't think there's anything really material. I mean the only thing to remember when thinking about share with any given quarter is that if a panel maker that we have high share grows or reduces their utilization that might impact it, but we have not seen anything meaningful in terms of a permanent share shift.
Wendell Weeks: If I could build on that, I do think that quarterly share dynamics as Jim said are difficult to track, really. You have to take a look at share over a longer sweep of time , especially during supply chain corrections because what customers you have high share at and what do they do with their utilization can hit that dynamic. Now that being said, as we have said earlier in the year, we anticipated that our competitors would be more viable in the Gen 6 area and therefore, would begin to build their position at certain customers. We have seen that begin to happen.
Tim Daubenspeck - Pacific Crest Securities:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch:  Hi, good morning. Jim, can you just go back over the gross margin guidance in a similar way that you went over the EPS guidance for Q3? Off of the 43% gross margin in Q2, why would gross margins only be flat and possibly down 200 basis points?
Jim Flaws: So if you start with the 43% that we had in Q2, first of all, Wendell just mentioned the telecom price that comes into effect and that gets partially offset on a percentage basis because of how the math works by them not having out of pocket cost at [Shizuoka]. So we're still essentially running in motion there.  Then with Display, it obviously depends on where you pick within the volume range. I just happened to pick the middle. If you pick the middle, essentially, even though we are having volume up, the price down still holds you relatively even at 43% in the middle of the range. One of the things that most people forget on how the percent works even though we have high variable margins, percent actually hurts the gross margin price declines; hurt the percent gross margin greatly. So, at the midpoint we're still basically even.  Where we're losing ground potentially is two areas: one, as I mentioned in the opening of the call, we built inventory in Display in Q2. Obviously we shipped off a lot less than what we originally intended despite the lightning strike, and we are going to work off some of that inventory ourselves and that has an impact. Secondly, we are seeing a mix weakness in our telecom forecast for the third quarter relative to second. Basically those two things cost us about a point, so if the mix doesn't change and business is stronger, then we'll be at the upper end of that gross margin range.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch:  That's very helpful. The $5 million charge that you're including in your non-GAAP results, what is that and why is it being included?
Jim Flaws:  The charge for Samsung Corning Precision or CRT? Is that it?
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch:  Yes. There's a $5 million charge that's the line item Restructuring Impairment and Other.
Jim Flaws:  So at Samsung Corning CRT, we are bringing down some production capacity and then we don't think that that amount is consistent with us taking it out as a special. When we get the number we'll certainly call it out to you if you want to take it out. It's obviously more one-time in nature but we don't think it qualifies under how the rules we normally treat our special accounting versus not.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch:  Okay, fair enough. Last question, just specifically on the SCP pricing being down stronger than the wholly-owned. Can you just explain again why that's the case?
Jim Flaws:  Well I would say in Q2 it was the flip. Pricing there was less than what we saw in our wholly-owned business so in any given quarter, the competitive dynamics of rebidding and the supply vendor-to-supplier relationship sometimes it's stronger in one quarter versus another. I don't think you should take it as an indication of a fundamental shift in the business. As I said in Q2 it was a flip.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. A couple questions here. First off, Jim, you talked about a potential 100 bip hit from the build up in LCD glass inventory. Is that something you expect to work off of here in Q3 and something that will not impact gross margin in Q4?
Jim Flaws: So that 100 bips was both that and telecom mix. It wasn't just display, so just correct that. Second, we will work off some of it in Q3. I don't know what our operating plan in Q4 will be. It will be very dependent on whether the forecast that we hold internally for Q4 is coming true or not so it's a little premature.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers:  Okay. In terms of new tanks coming online, startup cost yield, is that something that we should be considering as we forecast the gross margin for the display business going forward?
Jim Flaws:  Yes. I think that it's something that we've kind of overlooked as we discussed this and generally it doesn't make that big of a difference because by and large as the capacity we brought up every quarter, with the growth that we've had, it's been pretty much absorbed. But when you run into a quarter like we most recently have, when you go back to the beginning of the quarter it could have made at least a 5% growth over our Q1, and ended up being down 14% in our base business. Obviously, we had quite a bit of excess fixed costs. Our goal clearly is to try to not have quarters like that occur when we have a lot more fixed costs than we have in our capacity than what we're utilizing. If the rate of growth were to be slower over a number of quarters we would clearly be phasing our tanks a little bit less. But clearly that is a factor in what happens to our gross margin in quarter-over-quarter.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers:  Can you give a sense of the magnitude in Q2?
Jim Flaws:  I prefer not to, C.J.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: For Sharp you said that they were entirely going with the Eagle XG . Are you saying that you get 100% share there or are you saying that for what you supply it is just the XG?
Jim Flaws:  So what we said was for Gen 8, that they are using Eagle XG from us and therefore 100% of our glass to them is on Eagle XG and they are planning to take the majority share from us. I can't speak to what they are doing with the competitors. They also are converting over to Gen 6 to be Eagle XG.
Wendell Weeks:  So we're seeing Eagle XG be taken up not only at Sharp but also at our leading players in a number of our markets. Take up and reaction to Eagle XG has been very positive. That being said, note that a strong take up of Eagle XG does not necessarily lock out a competitor from continuing to sell glass to a particular customer.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: On ASPs it looks like the yen appreciated by about 2.5% in the quarter, suggesting ASP fell somewhere between 4% and 5%. Is that the right math?
Jim Flaws: I think your math is fairly good.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Is that something you expect ongoing?
Jim Flaws:  Well, I can't predict that the yen is going to do, but we did say our price declines in our wholly-owned business would be consistent probably with what happened in Q2.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers: Last two questions. Could you give us the SCP revenues? Also, for SCP pricing pressure, is that driven more by Gen 6 LPL or by Samsung Gen 7?
Wendell Weeks:  SCP revenues were $513 million in the second quarter.
Jim Flaws:  I won't comment on the pricing by customers. We have price declines with both customers.
C.J. Muse - Lehman Brothers:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg: I had two questions. The first one, you didn't change the annual LCD guidance for the market of 40% to 50% growth. Do you still think that you will gain share this year or do you think you'll be flat versus last year? Or do you think you'll lose share? An update on your share expectations for the full year.
Jim Flaws: So, the question will be at the end of the year whether we'll gain share. It will be very dependent on the mix by customer; it obviously will be closer than what we previously had expected. I think it's pretty clear that in Q2, where we had some customers where we had very, very large shares who brought down their fab utilizations and that potentially could have an impact. But depending on the mix of who wins in the end market, we think we'll either hold our share or gain slightly.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg: Back to the LCD gross margin, I'm still missing something here. This quarter, the margin only fell slightly, yet volumes were down in your consolidated business pretty meaningfully, and you had the one-time cost in the shutting down of the Japanese facility. So why wouldn't the gross margin in the third quarter in the consolidated business improve? You don't have the cost in Japan. Volumes were in the middle of the range, will be up 10%. It looks like pricing was only down 2% or 3% in the second quarter.  If the pricing is down at the same level, wouldn't the increase in volumes and the lack of the cost in Japan lead to an improvement in the gross margin? I don't understand why it wouldn't go up again this quarter.
Jim Flaws: So it went down in the past quarter, so what I talked about is it being held even so you do have more volume. You have similar price declines and I think we had talked about a different number than what you just said on the earlier question.  The other thing I raised is that we are going to take inventory out whereas in Q2 we actually built inventory. We want to work off some of that, so we'll be selling more than what we're making in Q3.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg: Just to clarify in this quarter, if the volumes were down 14% and the revenues were down 16%, pricing seems to have fall on the order of 2% to 3%.
Jim Flaws: You're missing foreign exchange, Nikos.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg:  So what was the foreign exchange?
Jim Flaws:  Well in the earlier question we just said pricing down 4% to 5%.
Nikos Theodosopoulos - UBS Warburg:  Okay, thank you.
Ken Sofio:  We have time for one more question.
Operator: Yes, thank you, sir. Our last question comes from Brant Thompson with Goldman Sachs.
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs:  Hi, thanks very much. With regard to sticking to the full year glass growth, you all had talked about how it needs to be a very robust holiday selling season in order to achieve that. Can you give a little bit more color on what determines where or what your thinking is around it? Does it require very robust to achieve that at the low end or would very robust achieve it at the high end? You had talked about the month of October being pretty important and the potential for people even air shipping to meet demand. Can you just talk about where we are with that and why you'd have confidence that you would actual have customers willing to pay air shipment and go that distance for demand, given the inventory levels now? Just give us a little bit more color on why there's not some more risk to the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Wendell Weeks: Our analytics are exactly what Jim showed you. All of our models as well as a lot of anecdotal evidence directly from retail, as well as the logic of the shift to more TVs really supports a late Q3 and Q4 surge, especially related to TV. It is leading for us to the wider range and to your point.  That being said, although the current glass shipments are up in our factories, it's not yet brisk enough for us to narrow the range on our forecast, and that's what we want to see the combination of. We want to see that reinforcement of what our models are saying and what our customers are saying and what retail is saying with very brisk order rates in our factories. If that happens, we'll be able to narrow our ranges going forward. Jim, would you want to add to that?
Jim Flaws: So the other thing I'd just remind you is that one of our focuses is the sell out of the inventory at the panel makers so there's one very large panel maker who actually went through the math for people about what they were going to do on their area of shipments, and then the reduction of their inventory. Then we can clearly see if that type of exercise is repeated to other people, that explains how a lot is going to be leaving within the third quarter to go to retail. The question comes, did they buy from us as they refill themselves? That's the thing that we've got to see. So we have a belief this is going to happen but as Wendell indicated, the orders have to start increasing as we go into August and September and October to make this happen. In terms of robustness on holiday sales, I think the thing we have to all remember is that we're talking about an LCD television selling 42 million compared to about 21 million a year ago. If it fell short by 2 million televisions, it still would be a very big year-over-year increase. I think that is an important reminder of how this technology is penetrating the TV industry.
Brant Thompson - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you.
Jim Flaws: I have just a couple of closing comments including some Investor Relations announcements. First of all, Wendell and I will be meeting with investors in Boston. It will be a lunch session. If you're attending please contact Ken and his team. Wendell will also be presenting at the Citigroup Technology conference in New York City on September 6th and we would welcome the chance to see you at one of these events. Relative to the second quarter, I'd like to remind investors that we were out very early on May 22 with our announcement about supply chain implications for LCD. It is our goal to get meaningful information out promptly and we will continue to do that.  Second, we were pleased that our revised guidance on the LCD volume was accurate. We met our forecast on making guidance on EPS. Third, we remain very positive about LCD penetration rate in the TV market and we must remember that TV is very seasonal. The fourth quarter season is an opportunity but also a forecasting supply chain challenge. We're constantly trying to upgrade our analysis and are committing to sharing our learnings with you as we go along. Thank you very much and have a good summer. 
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Wendell and thank you all for joining us this morning and playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today and will run through 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on August 9th. To listen dial 402-220-9709. No password is required. The audiocast is also available on our web site during that time.  Lisa that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation and have a great day. You may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Sofio - Director Investor Relations  Wendell Weeks - President, CEO  Jim Flaws - Vice Chairman, CFO 
Analysts: Brantley Thompson - Goldman Sachs  Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch  C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch  Trideep Bhattacharya - UBS Warburg  Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup  Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein  Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group  Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the first quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Sofio: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Corning's first quarter conference call. This call is also being audiocast on our web site. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will lead the discussion. Wendell Weeks, President and Chief Executive Officer will join for the Q&A. Before I turn it over to Jim, we should note today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements in the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the Company's SEC reports. Jim.
Jim Flaws: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Last night we released our results for the first quarter which can be found on our Investor Relations web site. In addition, for those of you with web access, we have posted several slides this morning that will summarize the important data from this morning's prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our web site after the call as well. Regarding our first quarter results we were obviously very pleased to be able to report sales and earnings per share that were higher than our expectations. Our sales were $1.26 billion, up 20% over last year. Our EPS before special items was $0.27, significantly over our guidance range of $0.21 to $0.23 and also over First Call consensus of $0.23. Before I go into more details on the quarter and our outlook I'd like to address our disclosure regarding our restatement of prior year's results. We discovered we had made an error in the accounting for the 2003 Pittsburgh Corning settlement. The error was discovered internally. We promptly reported the error to PricewaterhouseCoopers, our auditors and the audit committee of the board of directors. The adjustment impacts our reported results for the first quarter of 2003, the quarter we initially recorded our contribution to Pittsburgh Corning's settlement. You may recall that our contribution to the Pittsburgh Corning settlement not only included the 25 million Corning Incorporated shares, but also $140 million of cash to be paid over six years, some minor insurance proceeds and our 50% interest in Pittsburgh Corning Europe. Pittsburgh Corning Europe is a Belgian corporation and it's owned by Corning Incorporated and PPG. It is separate from Pittsburgh Corning in the United States and has generally been profitable. You may recall that PPG had reached a settlement on Pittsburgh Corning in early 2002 and they had contributed their 50% ownership of Pittsburgh Corning Europe, so it made sense for Corning to mirror this portion of their settlement. In 2003 two components of our settlement, our investment in Pittsburgh Corning Europe, and the minor insurance proceeds to be assigned were accounted for at book value. In addition, we suspended recognition of equity earnings from Pittsburgh Corning Europe as we had agreed to contribute it to the trust. At that time, we and our external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers, agreed that using book value for both was appropriate. However, we have now concluded that we should have used estimated fair value to comply with GAAP and that we should have continued to recognize equity earnings from Pittsburgh Corning Europe. PricewaterhouseCoopers concurs with our new conclusion. The accounting rules require that we show the liability of the trust at fair value while keeping the investment at Pittsburgh Corning Europe at book value under the equity method. When the settlement actually occurs, we will recognize a gain for the difference between the book value of PCE and the fair value of the liability we are settling. After consulting with our auditors and the audit committee we have also concluded that the Company will restate its historical financial statements to reflect the appropriate accounting. The primary impact of this restatement will be to increase the charge for the asbestos settlement which we treated as a special by $94 million pre-tax, $50 million after-tax, in the first quarter of 2003. And, to increase the deferred tax valuation allowance recorded in the third quarter of 2004 by about $50 million. The restatement will have no impact on our 2005 reported earnings per share. Please note these changes are to our GAAP numbers. The impact on our net income and EPS before special items will be negligible. Our balance sheet will also reflect slightly lower equity, but as a reminder, at the end of 2005, we had over $5 billion in equity. Going forward, we will continue to recognize changes in the fair value of all the components of the settlement until the settlement actually occurs, as we do with the value of foreign stock. Changes in PCE's value should be minor on a quarterly basis. We believe the Bankruptcy Court will issue their ruling in June but there may be appeals which, of course, could take some time to resolve. Further details of the restatement are included on a Form 8-K that we filed last night. We will also be filing an amended 2005 10-K and 10-Qs to properly reflect the restatement. We anticipate being able to file the amended Form 10-K and our first quarter Form 10-Q by May 10th. I'd like to stress that all the adjustments are non-cash and thus do not have any impact on Corning's financial health. We would not have violated any covenants at any time with these correcting entries. We have reviewed this matter with our rating agencies and bank group. Neither has expressed any concerns. I'd like to close this section by stressing that we take our accounting very seriously. We are disappointed that we had an error but pleased that we discovered it ourselves and plan to have amended financial statements on file promptly. I will be happy to answer questions on this item later in the call. Now I'd like to return to discussing the quarter, and here are the details. As I said, sales for the first quarter were $1.262 billion, an increase of 5% over the fourth quarter sales of $1.2 billion and higher than our expectations. The increase in sales was driven by growth across all segments. In comparison to the first quarter of last year, sales were up 20%. Net profit after-tax, excluding special items in the first quarter was $425 million, or 25% higher than fourth quarter net profit of $339 million. The significant increase in net profit after-tax was primarily due to strong performance in our display and telecom segments, as well as higher equity earnings from Dow Corning, and in comparison to the first quarter of 2005, net profit after-tax excluding special items was up 69%. Earnings per share, excluding special items, were $0.27 in the first quarter and much higher than our expectations. This was an increase of 59% in comparison to our EPS ex-specials a year ago. Now as a reminder, our first quarter EPS concluded about $0.01 per share impact from stock option expense. You should note these are non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our Web site. You should also note the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates due to translation on the first quarter sales and net income versus the fourth quarter was negligible. Now let me quickly walk you through special items for the quarter. We recorded a pre-tax and after-tax charge of $185 million, primarily reflecting the increase in market value of Corning common stock to be contributed to the asbestos litigation related Pittsburgh Corning. Corning's share price had increased during the quarter from $19.66 to $26.92. In addition, we also recorded a pre-tax and after-tax gain of $38 million to reflect the release of certain deferred tax assets in Germany, as certain businesses in Germany have now demonstrated sustained profitability. Lastly, we reported a $21 million after-tax charge in equity earnings related to the impairment of some long-lived assets at our Samsung Corning CRT equity venture. You can find a reconciliation of all these special items on our Investor Relations Web site. Continuing down the income statement gross margins were 45% in the first quarter compared to 44% in the fourth quarter of last year. The increase was primarily due to stronger manufacturing performance in our telecommunications and environmental segments. We were very encouraged by the manufacturing performance in Environmental. SG&A was $223 million in the first quarter, or 17.7% of sales compared to $203 million in the fourth quarter. The increase was expected and was primarily due to the impact of option expense. Equity earnings were $200 million in the first quarter compared to $186 million in the fourth quarter. The increase is primarily due to strong performance at both Dow Corning and Samsung Corning Precision. I will discuss both equity companies in more detail in a moment. As I mentioned a moment ago, first quarter equity earnings include the $21 million impairment charge at Samsung Corning CRT. In addition, equity earnings included approximately $13 million in non-recurring gains in the first quarter that were not treated as special items. Other income was $20 million in the first quarter compared to $2 million in the fourth quarter. The increase is primarily due to a transfer tax that we had recorded in the fourth quarter. Our tax rate in the first quarter was 15% and lower than our guidance of 20% to 25%. This was primarily the result of higher than expected U.S. income, which is currently not taxed. Our share count for the first quarter was 1.59 billion shares, up slightly from our guidance of 1.57 billion. Change is primarily due to the increase in our stock price which pushed more stock options into the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding. Now let me turn to our segment results for the quarter, starting with display. Sales were $547 million in the first quarter, a 7% increase over fourth quarter sales of $513 million. The increase reflects sequential volume growth of 15%, which was much higher than we anticipated, partially offset by price declines. Price declines were in the upper single digits as expected. As a reminder, whenever I refer to LCD glass pricing it's on a mix weighted basis. The impact on the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate, Q4 to Q1, was negligible. In comparison to the first quarter of last year, sales in our Display segment grew 73%, primarily due to volume gains of 111%, offset by price declines and unfavorable exchange rates. Equity earnings from SCP were $140 million in the first quarter and higher than fourth quarter equity earnings of $129 million. SCP's sequential volume growth was up 10% and also higher than our expectations. Year-over-year volume growth at SCP was 87%. Pricing was down slightly. Both the fourth and the first quarter at SCP included non-recurring gains between $5 million and $7 million. Sequential volume growth for our consolidated display segment, which includes our wholly owned business plus SCP, was up 13% in the first quarter. Net income in the display segment, which includes equity earnings, was $417 million the first quarter, up 13% compared to $368 million in the fourth quarter. The increase from net income was primarily the result of higher volume growth at our wholly-owned business and SCP. In comparison to the first quarter of last year, net income, including equity earnings, more than doubled. The gross margin percent in the first quarter in our wholly-owned business was consistent with the fourth quarter. We were very pleased to be able to maintain our gross margin in display despite the significant pricing pressure. We were able to achieve this result as a result of the higher volume of large size glass, non-recurrence of certain fourth quarter items and the benefit from our ongoing cost reduction program. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes updating you on end market trends during the first quarter. As always, I'd like to stress we don't have perfect information. We use a variety of sources ranging from services that are available to you such as display search along with retail tracking vendors, our own discussions with customers, as well as our own models. We think the information is useful but not perfect. With that in mind, you should also note the following data has been derived from this aggregate of industry sources that at this time are considered to be preliminary estimates. Final data for the first quarter will not be available for another month. To be clear, the data we reference here relates to shipments from PC manufacturers and TV set makers to retailers.  In summary, the preliminary data indicates that the end market shipments remain strong and are tracking ahead of our forecast for all three products: notebooks, monitors and televisions. Starting with notebooks, about 18 million were shipped in the first quarter, which was higher than our expectations. This was a slight increase over notebook shipments in the fourth quarter. We believe the penetration of notebook computers reached 35% of all computers sold in the first quarter. Moving to LCD monitors, about 29 million were shipped in the first quarter. Again, slightly higher than our expectations. First quarter we believe the penetration of LCD monitors to total monitors sold was about 79% compared to 74% in the fourth quarter. For LCD televisions almost 7.5 million were shipped in the first quarter, which was higher than our expectations but lower than the fourth quarter shipments of 8.2 million. This decline was expected given the seasonal nature of television shipments. More important, however, is that the penetration of LCD television to the color television market grew from 13% in the fourth quarter to an estimated 17% in the first quarter. Penetration rate is higher than our original first quarter estimate of 16%. We believe first quarter demand for LCD televisions was fueled by falling retail prices. In March the average retail price for a 32-inch LCD television was 47% lower than a year ago. You should note that our strong first quarter volume was the result of increased demand for Gen 5 and higher glass. In the fourth quarter Gen 5 and higher accounted for 84% of our total glass volume including SCP, this is up from 80% in the fourth quarter. The mix of Gen 5.5, 6, and 7 glass was 45% in the first quarter, up from about 40% in the fourth quarter. I'd like to take a moment to discuss inventory and the supply chain. As we have mentioned publicly over the last two months, we have seen an increase in inventory in the supply chain, especially for monitors. It is not yet it at levels that would cause us concern. In fact, the number of days of excess inventory currently is almost the same as a year ago. Regarding last year, the excess inventory did not clear the channel until the end of the second quarter. We believe the timing could be similar this year. The good news is that we have seen monitor panel pricing fall over the past six months. We believe the industry has recognized the issue and will work to move panel inventory through the channel. This was evident by the strong March panel shipments by the Taiwanese. You should note the levels of panel inventory vary by product and by customer. For example, you may have heard LPL recently announced they had three weeks of excess panel inventory while Samsung stated they had only eight days of LCD TV panel inventory. We believe some of our higher than expected glass shipments in the first quarter did end up in panel inventory build. We believe retail prices will continue to fall in the second quarter which will spur demand and help reduce overall monitor panel inventory. At the set makers, we are not seeing the same build-up of inventory for LCD television. We believe the inventory levels at the brand name set makers are within normal levels. For the B brands there appears to be some excess, particularly in the European market in preparation for the World Cup. We believe television set makers will reduce prices to spur demand here as well. Now turning to a different topic, you should also note in early April we suffered a power outage at our Shizuoka facility in Japan due to a very significant lightning strike on the utility line. This impacted a number of our tanks, some of which we are still in the process of bringing back online. We've taken several steps to replace the glass capacity that was impacted, including using glass out of our inventory, air shipping glass from other locations including SCP. We expect a negative impact of about a penny per share in our second quarter results. Our outstanding manufacturing team is rapidly bringing tanks back in line, and we are pleased that this will not materially impact our ability to supply customers. You should also note that our Gen 8 capacity was not impacted by the power outage and that we are very much on track to deliver Gen 8 capacity to Sharp this quarter. One more point I'd like to make before moving to the environmental segment. We believe investors may be placing too much emphasis on the importance of having no competition on a certain glass size. This concern was evident after we informed the market there'd be more competition in Gen 6 glass in the first quarter. While there are obvious strategic advantages of being first to market, such as influencing supply agreement discussions, investors should note there will eventually be competition on any given Gen size. Let me take Gen 5 glass for example. Today. Gen 5 glass represents the largest part of our volume and the biggest contributor to our profits. This is despite the fact there's been competition in Gen 5 glass for several years, now. In the end we believe it's the quality of our glass and the reliability of our supply for all our glass sizes that sets us apart form our competitors. Turning to the environmental segment sales in the first quarter were $155 million, up 9% over the fourth quarter sales of $142 million. $155 million in the first quarter sales represented a record for the segment. Our automotive product line sales were higher in comparison to a seasonally weaker fourth quarter. Diesel product sales were consistent with the fourth quarter. We were pleased with the strong manufacturing improvements made in the environmental segment which resulted in significantly higher gross margins in the first quarter. The environmental segment as a whole was breakeven in the first quarter which was an improvement from $7 million lost in the fourth quarter. We are also happy to report both our light-duty and heavy-duty diesel product lines are on schedule. In light-duty our new aluminum titanate filter continues to receive very positive feedback form current and potential customers. We're continuing to ramp our production of AT to meet the needs of VW and other customers. In addition, we have made significant progress towards the development of a next-generation cordierite filter product and customers are expressing strong interest. In heavy-duty we will continue to work closely with our potential customers about meeting their supply needs in the second half of the year. Although this expected demand will represent a significant step-up in production volume, our capacity ramp remains on schedule and we will be ready to meet our customers' needs. In the life sciences segment sales in the first quarter were $72 million and higher than the fourth quarter sales of $63 million. Increase in sales is primarily due to stronger volume versus a seasonally weaker fourth quarter and price increases. The segment incurred a net loss of $5 million in the first quarter compared to a loss of $8 million in the fourth quarter. Moving to the telecom segment sales in the first quarter were $397 million, a 4% increase from the fourth quarter and slightly higher than our expectations. Sales of hardware and equipment products were $192 million in the first quarter and basically flat with the fourth quarter. Sales of fiber-to-the-premise were up slightly in the first quarter. Sales in our fiber cable products in the first quarter were $205 million, up from the fourth quarter sales, $190 million. The increase was due to higher than expected fiber demand in North America. The additional fiber demand drove our fiber-to-the-premises sales slightly higher than first quarter. Telecom segment was breakeven in the first quarter compared to net income of $75 million in the fourth quarter. However, as a reminder the fourth quarter included a one-time gain of $84 million.  In the other reportable businesses, sales in the first quarter were $91 million and fairly consistent with the fourth quarter. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were $69 million in the first quarter compared to $50 million in the fourth quarter and higher than our expectations. Dow Corning results were driven by strength in the semiconductor and polysilicone markets. Moving to our balance sheet we ended the first quarter with $2.48 billion in cash and short-term equivalents, up slightly in comparison to the fourth quarter. The most significant cash inflows during the quarter were $123 million of dividends from equity companies and $219 million in cash received from the exercise of stock options by employees. The most significant outflows in the first quarter were $280 million capital expenditures, mostly for display expansions and the $77 million investment in Samsung Corning Precision that we made earlier in the quarter.  Free cash flow during the first quarter was a negative $176 million. While we ended the quarter with negative free cash flow, this pattern is typical given the first quarter usually includes seasonally higher working capital outflows. We remain on track to be free cash flow positive for the full-year. You should note the free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure. We were also delighted that Standard & Poor's raised their credit rating on Corning to BBB flat from the previous grade of BBB minus. Very important. We're very pleased with our current balance sheet, but consistent with our continuing focus on preserving and improving financial health, you can expect us to opportunistically refinance certain debt over the remainder of the year. The only balance sheet item I'll mention is our inventory balance which increased $46 million, $616 million in the first quarter versus $570 in the fourth quarter. The increase is primarily driven by higher telecom inventory built in anticipation of higher demand in the second quarter. In addition, we built some heavy-duty diesel product inventory in anticipation of increased demand in the second half of the year. I'd like to wrap up by providing you guidance on the second quarter. We're expecting revenues in the range of $1.29 billion to $1.33 billion and EPS in the range of $0.24 to $0.26 per share before special items. As a reminder, our second quarter EPS will also include a penny of option expense. In our display segment we're forecasting sequential volume growth for our wholly owned businesses to be flat to up 5% in the second quarter. We know investors were anticipating a higher volume range in the second quarter given the strong volume in the first quarter and the overall positive trends in the industry. We believe the end market trends for glass and LCD products remains strong but suspect that some of our glass shipments in the first quarter may have contributed to the inventory build-up I mentioned earlier. We think this will impact our overall glass demand in the second quarter. That being said, we are still on track for a very strong first half of the year. In fact, our base business volume in the second quarter will grow more than 60% over the second quarter of last year. We still anticipate the glass market volume to grow between 40% and 50% and we are on track to grow even faster than the market this year. The most important driver of this growth is LCD television penetration, which we anticipate will be 19% for the year.  Regarding LCD glass pricing in our base business, we expect price declines to be less than the first quarter. For your modeling purposes, given our volume and pricing guidance you should expect our second quarter display segment revenues to be roughly consistent with the first quarter. In addition, we expect earnings in the display segment to be lower in the second quarter sequentially given the cost impact of the power outage at Shizuoka. You should expect slightly lower gross margins in display as a result of those costs, however, we are anticipating the remaining capacity to quickly come back online this quarter and for our gross margin in display to improve in the third quarter. At SCP we're expecting sequential volume to be flat to up 5% in the second quarter. SCP's volume should be up approximately 50% year-over-year. As a reminder, SCP's first quarter equity earnings contained a $7 million gain that will not repeat in the second quarter. In total, display segment income volume is expected to be flat to up 5% sequentially in the second quarter. In our telecommunications segment we expect second quarter sales to be up 10% to 15% driven by a stronger fiber-to-the-premise demand. In hardware and equipment we expect second quarter sales to be up between 15% and 20%. In fiber and cable we expect modest sales growth in the second quarter. Fiber-to-the-premise sales will be up in the quarter both sequentially and year-over-year. Regarding our other segments we expect second quarter sales for environmental segment to be down slightly driven by lower auto demand. Sales at life sciences segment are expected to be flat to up 5% in the second quarter and sales in our other reportable businesses are expected to be up 5% to 10%. Moving down the income statement for your modeling purposes, gross margins for the Company should be between 42% and 44%. The lower gross margin range is due to a combination of additional repair costs in Shizuoka plus the higher anticipated Telecom sales, which had a lower gross margin than the corporate average. SG&A and R&D are expected to remain consistent with the first quarter on a percentage of sales basis. SG&A should stay around 17%, R&D should remain around 10%. Expect equity earnings in the second quarter to be down slightly compared to the first quarter after adjusting out for the $21 million impairment charge at Samsung Corning CRT and the $13 million in non-recurring gains. For your modeling purposes we're estimating Dow Corning's equity earnings in the second quarter be consistent with the first quarter. Regarding our tax rate, for your modeling purposes you should now use a range of 15% to 20% for the second quarter and for the remainder of the year. Lastly, you should use 1.59 billion shares for the second quarter when calculating EPS before special items. One other comment on share count. As I've mentioned during the previous calls you should expect some executive selling next week after our quarterly announcements. As always for executives who decide to sell stock we encourage the use of the immediate period after our quarterly earnings announcement. One note on the impact of foreign exchange on our guidance, we don't ordinarily forecast any change in foreign exchange for translation purposes, however, our guidance range for the second quarter assumes the yen to dollar rate of approximately 118 versus the 117 rate in the first quarter. If the yen to dollar rate averages 122 we estimate our overall sales will be impacted by $17 million and our NPT by approximately $14 million. These include the projected benefit from our currency hedging program. Before we turn the questions and answers I'd like to make one comment about our EPS guidance for the second quarter. Given the strength of quarter one I know some investors would have liked stronger guidance for quarter two. Clearly the power outage at Shizuoka was an unexpected event and will likely impact us by about a penny in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we believe some of our first quarter glass demand, which was much higher than we expected, ended up as panel inventory as customers ramped too fast and thus may be impacting our second quarter LCD demand. We think this inventory impact could be as much as, impacting our EPS by one penny. A combination of these two events is likely to impact our second quarter results from $0.02 per share versus what they might have been. Ken.
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Lisa, we're ready to take some questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Brantley Thompson with Goldman Sachs.
Brantley Thompson - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the pricing environment that you're seeing in glass in general, how your competitors are behaving.
Wendell Weeks: Well, the price environment is playing out exactly as we had predicted. You may recall in quarter three of last year, we said we thought we would see more competition on Gen 6. That occurred late in the fourth quarter for first quarter, and that's what led to us predicting upper single-digit declines and came in exactly as we expected in the first quarter. We anticipate that the number in the second quarter will be down from that, and that's what we said about three months ago. So I would say the pricing environment is basically remaining about what we had been thinking it was at this point in time. We are not seeing unusual price behavior by our competitors. We are getting more competition on Gen 6, but that's to be expected as we're now coming up on our three-year anniversary of having started shipping it. We are seeing a little less benefit to ourselves from mix because we're not getting quite the same ramping of large sizes compared to the very large embedded base. But that's not a material impact on us, but the pricing environment is not significantly different than our expectations.
Brantley Thompson - Goldman Sachs: How do you think it will progress in the second half?
Wendell Weeks: Well, we're not giving guidance in the second half, but we clearly think that the business is seasonally strong in the third quarter and we think that, as we always said, has an impact on the pricing environment also.
Brantley Thompson - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Jim, just going back over the supply chain issues, thinking back to your analyst meeting you talked about in detail how you're trying to monitor what's going on in the supply chain. How are you getting surprised in terms of volumes? Just specifically with the inventories, you're saying it's more related to the panels than with glass, and if you can go into details on that, that would be appreciated.
Jim Flaws: Well, I hesitate to use the word surprised, Steve, but clearly our customers tell us as we enter a quarter what they think they're going to be taking but there's always some variability in that from various customers, both up and down, but as the quarter progressed we were seeing greater demand, and you may recall we talked about our glass demand being up 5% to 10% in our wholly-owned business, and it ended up being 15%. We do work very closely with our customers about how much glass they have. We're not sure they always give us perfect information, but we don't think that there's a lot of glass lying around, but we do have ways to check on that. But there clearly could be some of that. And then we think, just by looking at what happened on panel shipments, that they were down compared to glass going up, and this was quite wide differential that leads to us believe that some of this production ended up in finished panels, and therefore, that's likely to impact their demand for glass in the second quarter. We've never found a perfect correlation between panel shipments and our glass shipments. I think we've explained, tried to answer questions about that in recent quarters, but our preliminary data for panel shipments -- and this is a little rough, because the panel shipments can vary in size -- but looking at the Taiwanese and the Koreans it looks like panel shipments were down sequentially 5% in the quarter, and meanwhile our volume in glass, of course, measured in square foot, was up 13%. That's an unusual variation for us. We can often have our numbers be different from there's, but for theirs to be negative and ours to be up at that level; frankly, we just didn't expect we would have thought our glass would have been up only 5% to 10% and the customers buying more from us. We don't think it was simply share gains, so that's why we think there's some in inventory.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: That's very helpful. And then just two quick financial questions. Any change to your expectations that free cash flow could be for the full year around $200 million? And then secondly, the taxes paid on a non-GAAP basis in dollars, can you just give us that number? I just wanted to check against our model.
Jim Flaws: I'm going to have to have Ken give you that tax number. That's one number that's not on the top of my head. But on the free cash flow, I think we remain very confident about our ability to generate the $200 million despite having had the special investment in Samsung Corning Precision to get the better tax position, so we feel pretty good about our cash position for the year.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from C. J. Muse with Lehman Brothers.
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. A couple questions. First off, can you tell us which generation glass was impacted by the lightning strike?
Jim Flaws: Well, in Shizuoka we actually make all generations there, so basically we were impacted across the board. This was a very widespread impact on us on almost all tanks that we had there. Did not impact Gen 8, but, you know, it impacted Gen 6, Gen 5, and the lower generations. It was a very unusual power strike. I hesitate calling this up as an excuse, but it was an exceptional power surge. It actually hit our backup line, not our main line, but we think it actually was so powerful that it jumped the breakers and then surged into our main line, and that's what caused the problem. So it's affected basically all of our generations except Gen 8, but we are already back producing on a number of those tanks as we speak.
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: Can you sort of give us a rough estimate of how much capacity was impacted in the quarter?
Jim Flaws: I won't give you a specific number. I'll use accounting language. It was material.
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Do you think that that material change will cause Asahi and/or [NEG] to pick up market share at least over the interim out of Japan?
Jim Flaws: No, we do not. We believe we will have the ability to meet our customers' commitments. If there were a big upside in demand, which we're not anticipating, we might have less ability to do that but we don't expect to lose share as a result of this. We are going to, as I said, incur some extra costs by having to air freight, and we will have to buy some glass from SCP to handle this demand. As you know, we make less money ourselves when we do that, although SCP makes money.
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: Got you. So I guess I can read from that that you do have some extra capacity of glass across the board?
Wendell Weeks: What Jim is saying is that basically we're going to compress our inventory levels and the length of our own internal supply chain, and so in that way, we can move from shipping over ocean to air freight, you know, that gives you more glass now but you incur higher costs.
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: I understand that. But I thought particularly at the leading edge glass capacity was very tight, and if that was a material impact, how much capacity you could supply from your other factories to Japan?
Wendell Weeks: It's going to be tight, as far as we're concerned, to work our way through this, but it's looking like the combination of our operational efforts and our efforts to be able to source some from Samsung Corning Precision, as well as compressing our inventory levels looks right now like we won't materially impact our customers. That being said, as Jim says, it certainly takes away some of our upside capability should customer demand surprise positively.
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: Got you. Then in terms of the inventory question, in terms of pull-in to 1Q and slightly lower growth in 2Q, is that excess glass at your customers? Or I think you've alluded to that being finished product. If that's the case, I've got to think that given the comments from panel makers, they're not lowering their utilization rates, so that given the capacity expansion in 2Q that we would see stronger growth in volume and flats up 5%. Can you comment on that and help me out with that?
Wendell Weeks: I'm not sure that I got the question exactly right, C.J., so let us give it a shot, and if we don't get it right, ask us again. Okay? We started out looking as quarter two as not being a very strong ramping quarter from our customer base in terms of new fab capacity ramp-ups. So we had expected quarter two to not be as robust a growth as we would experience in quarter one and quarter three to begin with, just because of the scheduling of how new fabs were coming up and utilization was coming up. So then you combine a relatively shallow quarter, in terms of growth rate anticipated, with then the dynamics around what actually happened in quarter one that Jim explained, and that's what's leading us to guide to the more modest volume growth, C.J.
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: Great. That's very helpful. And one last housekeeping question. Can you tell what us say SCP revenues were?
Wendell Weeks: SCP revenues in the quarter?
C.J. Muse - Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Wendell Weeks: $175 million?
Jim Flaws: No. We'll get it back to you. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Trideep Bhattacharya - UBS Warburg: Hi this is Trideep Bhattacharya on behalf of Nikos. Jim, first question for you. Given the first quarter declines in LCD pricing of roughly 8% to 9% and the implied guidance of potentially another zero to 5% decline in second quarter, would you say we're at a new sort of pricing paradigm where we might see pricing down 10% to 15% year-on-year whereas in the past I think it's generally been below 10%?
Jim Flaws: Let me first give the follow-up answer to C. J. that SCP sales were $495 million. So we would say we're not in a new pricing paradigm. We can't observe that yet. I think at our analyst meeting we talked about that we had one year before had price declined of 12%. What we saw was extreme drop in quarter one based on that's where we saw the biggest shift on Gen 6, where we had significant competition, but just as we saw in last year, where in quarter one we had the higher price declines and then basically had nothing in quarter two, which was helped by quite a bit by mix, this time in quarter two we're not really getting as much mix effect. So we would say we're not seeing a new paradigm. Clearly, if we do see one we'll tell you about that, but we think that we're seeing price declines moderate in the second quarter versus the first as they've done before. It has occurred in this industry before where price declines in a given year were over 10%. That, nevertheless, we've said we've been long preparing for the day that there would be price competition, and the key for us is to keep driving down our costs.
Trideep Bhattacharya - UBS Warburg: Thank you. Just to follow-up to that, so if we did assume that pricing does fall, say close to 15% a year, do you still feel comfortable about your ability to maintain margins in the LCD business segment?
Jim Flaws: Putting aside items like a lightning strike, which we can never predict, we showed you that we have on average over the last ten years driven our costs down 14% a year, and I think Pete Volanakis said that he feels very confident in our ability in the short-term to continue reducing costs at a higher rate. So if demand comes in as expected I think we have the ability to do that. And that's really been our goal; is if there's reasonable price declines is to at least keep up with that with our cost reductions. I think we have a good shot at doing that this year because we're feeling quite confident about as we bring up capacity in Taiwan.
Trideep Bhattacharya - UBS Warburg: Great. Then just a clarification. Did you say you expect that sequential growth in the hardware and equipment sales as part of the telecom group to be 15% to 20%?
Jim Flaws: Yes, we did. Most of the lift in the second quarter is coming in hardware and equipment from the fiber-to-the-premise opportunity.
Trideep Bhattacharya - UBS Warburg: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daryl Armstrong with Citigroup.
Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup: Thank you very much. A couple of questions. First of all, in terms of the tax rate, usually the geographic mix in terms of growth in profits has a pretty big impact on your tax rate. Given the fact that you expect that the rate will be between 15% to 20% through the rest of the year, what does that mean from a geographic standpoint in terms of your business? Then second of all, could you provide a little bit of color as you think about the demand side of the picture for LCD in terms of your assumptions for monitor and laptop and LCD television shipments during the second quarter?
Jim Flaws: Well, let me start on the tax rate geography-wise, and I'll turn it over to Wendell on the demand side in LCD. The biggest variability we've got, Daryl, is really how much money we make in the United States versus from where we opened the year; it looks and feels to us like the U.S. businesses are doing better. Telecom clearly is doing a little bit better than what we originally expected, and we were delighted by the improvement in manufacturing and environmental. So those two things continue that we will believe that's going to help us a great deal on having more U.S. income, and therefore, you know, edging the tax rate down. I think we came into the year, we told you 20% to 25%, although I think I've said in a number of conferences I expected it to be at the low end of the rate. We clearly have acknowledged that and moved down now into a lower range but it's driven primarily by North America. There's a little bit of balancing that goes on between Japan and Taiwan in terms of tax rate in the LCD business. In Japan the tax rate is a little bit higher, so we make a little more income in Taiwan. That helps us there, and obviously the Shizuoka outage will occur in Japan. Wendell, any comments on demand?
Wendell Weeks: End market demand continues to look robust. This is preliminary data for us, but in quarter one we saw LCD penetration in the range of 79% for monitors. On notebooks, as you heard Jim say as a percent of total computers 35%, and then TV doing better than what we had anticipated with 17% in quarter one versus the 16% level which we anticipated. TV, which is a key one for driving TV penetration for this year, we're anticipating that reaching into the 19% range for on average this year.
Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup: Then one last question. There's been a lot of coverage relative to the recovery in terms of optical spinning patterns, particularly within North America. I was wondering if you could talk about relative to your fiber business. Aside from the momentum that you're seeing from Verizon, have you picked up indications or have the conversations from carriers, at least on the fiber side, again, excludes fiber-to-the-home, have they picked up at all?
Wendell Weeks: So I'd say that really the action on the fiber side is in the access market. Primarily fiber-to-the-premise, but also fiber-to-the-node activity from other carriers in the U.S. and as well as Europe and Asia. We're not seeing any significant strength in long haul or other major regional builds in fiber.
Daryl Armstrong - Smith Barney Citigroup: Thank you very much, and good quarter.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Evanson with Sanford Bernstein.
 Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: In the past we've heard you discuss start-up costs associated with bringing on new LCD glass capacity. When should we anticipate those costs hitting for the Gen 8 ramp?
Jim Flaws: Gen 8 starts in quarter two with one tank operating and then we'll have another tank later in the year, so you'll begin to see it then.
 Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Does that contribute much to the degradation of the gross margin that you're anticipating for the second quarter?
Jim Flaws: No, I think the biggest impact clearly is the Shizuoka outage. I think you can do the math. We're talking about it being costing us a penny. You can see how much of an impact that is on the business.
 Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Can you give us an update on the progress in green lasers?
Wendell Weeks: Sure. We continue to have very strong customer interest in our product for green lasers, and we continue to make excellent technical progress. I think that as we come to the end of the year, we're going to begin to make some decisions on the pacing of that overall project, and if customer interest continues to be as robust as it is now, and if we can make the technical and cost progress that we hope to, then I think we're going to be moving along rather briskly on that project.
 Jeff Evanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Curt Woodworth with JP Morgan.
Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan: Hi. Good morning. A question on the gross margin performance this quarter was almost a record and I understand that 2Q is going to be lower from the Telecom net as well as, based on my math, it's about 150 basis point hit from the outage. But looking to the back half of the year and certainly into '07 it seems to me that gross margins should really only be trending higher for the Company as you get into the next generation glass phase and the diesel starts to ramp. Can you give us any insight into how we should think about modeling? I'm not asking for pinpoint guidance. But in terms of that progression is it the expectation that you still have a lot of opportunity to increase gross margins looking out the next 12 to 18 months?
Jim Flaws: In terms of the mix effect on the corporate gross margin, let's get past the lightning strike impact, and then our starting point was the 65% gross margin that LCDs had, and you have to make an assumption what you think we're going to be able to do on cost reduction versus price in the back half of the year, but then you can also begin putting the mix effect of higher revenues of LCDs against the total corporation. So that's one positive. The second thing is you called out is I think that diesel helps us in the back half of the year as we begin ramping up. Pete has told you his expectations in the fourth quarter of getting that diesel business to breakeven. We also were very encouraged, as I mentioned, on our automotive environmental business where we've been struggling a little bit in the past but appear to be maybe have turned the corner, so that's a positive for us. I think really the only negative in the back half of the year is the question on the seasonality of telecom is does it continue at this higher rate we are seeing or in the fourth quarter do we see some fall away. But generally I think factors are more positive for our gross margin going forward. I won't speculate on '07, but obviously we expect diesel to be improved in '07 versus '06.
Wendell Weeks: I think the only thing that I'd add is that, something that Jim often says, which is we experience very strong gross margins in display; and that they are so strong, it's hard to anticipate the continued robust growth and the richness of that business. Not saying it won't happen, not saying it can't happen, but those are very healthy gross margins.
Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan: Right. But they're still way above the Company average, and display is growing quicker, so the mix benefit should be positive.
Wendell Weeks: Yes.
Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan: All right. Final question on telecom. Can you comment at all on the connectivity rates you're seeing and what Verizon has been telling you? I saw the hardware and equipment numbers were down year-on-year. Anything to take away from that?
Wendell Weeks: Since last we talked to you, I think Verizon has spoke publicly on at least three occasions and what they have come out with I think has been pretty encouraging in terms of data service, penetration progress in the files, regions that they're offering. I think what seeing is after nine months at a 14% penetration, where they've actually added video service is that is expanding, they've done ten new files, TV communities have been announced now for a total of 29. In those areas where they're talking publicly they're seeing service penetration around Keller at around 23% after five months; Herndon, Virginia, about 5% after a little under 4% and Temple Terrace, Florida at 11% after 2.5 months. So pretty robust penetration rates. We anticipate, as you heard in the guidance offered by Jim, very robust growth in quarter two as well. I think you have to be careful with taking our particular revenues and relating it directly to penetration in any given quarter, because the inventory and pipeline effects within Verizon itself are quite significant.
Jim Flaws: That's particularly true in quarter one of a year ago, if the comparison you're making. Where one year ago we know they bought too much inventory which had showed up in lower quarter two revenues.
Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan: Right. Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Morning, guys.
Jim Flaws: Good morning, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: I'm on Page 4 of the release on the segment results the after-tax display income is $275 million and the taxes are 29%. So that's a low tax rate in display technologies. There's no European, and I would assume the U.S. operations were kind of stable. What drove that low tax rate in display?
Jim Flaws: Display has a low tax rate because we have a very low tax rate Taiwan, and so that really helps us quite a bit. The highest tax rate is in Japan, but Taiwan has a very low rate.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Lower than recent quarters, though. Is it going to stay this low?
Jim Flaws: Yeah, you know, as the mix effect at Taiwan gets larger on our results, that has an impact.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Okay. And it looked like excluding the charge that you had in Samsung Corning CRT, it swung down to a $50 million loss if Dow Corning was where it was targeted. I think Dow Corning is expected to be about $60 million in the quarter. Is it going to stay down or is this write-down that you took over there going to bring that back to breakeven?
Jim Flaws: Talking about Samsung Corning CRT?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Yes.
Jim Flaws: I think you should not look for very encouraging results there. This was an impairment of assets that we took of $21 million but their actual operating results I think you should not look for much encouragement, but I don't think you should see big variability up or down from that. As we've had in our risk factors for quite awhile, I think you can expect that there will be impairments in the future. The outlook for CRTs are obviously not great over the longer term. Unfortunately, the timing of how the accounting rules work, we just can't suddenly go in and impair the whole thing at one time, regretfully.
Ken Sofio: Anything else, John?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Ken Sofio: Okay. Lisa, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Good morning and congratulations on a very solid quarter. Just looking at your deferred tax assets, end of '04 you had about $2.3 billion in gross deferred tax assets, at the end of '05 that increased to about $3.8 billion. There's about a $1.4 billion delta there with the understanding of what happened in terms of stock from Pirelli, et cetera. But when you look at your valuation allowances, that's gone up even substantially more, $1.9 billion. So why when your profitability is improving so materially, are your valuation allowances increasing even faster than your deferred tax assets are growing?
Jim Flaws: I think we had referenced the Dow Corning item that we had reserved -- I think it was in the fourth quarter. I think that's the biggest change in that.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Right. But the valuation allowance, at what point would you have the ability to actually start reducing those valuation allowances?
Jim Flaws: Well as we just proved with our German trade tax entry we made this quarter, it takes about three years usually for the accountants to declare victory that there's been a change statement, so we're a ways from in that terms of thinking about our North American income.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: But there's no effective impact in your being able to use them for profit; it's just that you can't take it on your balance sheet like to reduced the allowance.
Jim Flaws: You don't mean for profits you mean used for cash purposes?
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Cash purposes.
Jim Flaws: There's no effect. The timing of accounting has nothing to do with the fact that we're able to take this on our tax returns.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Thank you so much.
Ken Sofio: Jim, do you have some closing comments?
Jim Flaws: I do. First, a couple of Investor Relations announcements. Pete Volanakis, our Chief Operating Officer, will be meeting with investors next week at Merrill Lynch's Technology Gathering in New York City on May 2nd. On May 22nd, Kay Asbeck, Corning's Senior VP of Finance will be presenting at the Lehman Brothers Worldwide Wireless, Wireline and Media conference in New York City. On May 24th, Wendell will be presenting at the JP Morgan Technology Conference in San Francisco. We really hope to see you at one or all of these events. Second, just say we were delighted by our first quarter results especially the $0.27 and hope investors are also. LCD continued its very strong track record and we got a lift from all our other segments; all our other segments were up in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. We remain very confident about our prospects for LCD television for this year and its impact on demand for us.
Ken Sofio: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Wendell. Thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today, it will run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on May 10th. To listen dial 203-369-1253. No password is required. The audiocast's also available on our Web site during that time. Lisa, that concludes our call at this time. Please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation and have a great day. You may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-26 02:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Sofio, Director, Investor Relations Jim Flaws, Vice-Chairman, Chief Financial Officer Wendell Weeks, President, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Brent Thompson, Goldman Ajit Pai, Thomas Weisel Partners Daryl Armstrong, Citigroup John Anthony, SG Cowen C.J. Muse, Lehman Brothers Jeff Evanson, Sanford Bernstein Stephen Fox, Merrill Lynch Nikos Theodosopoulos, UBS Tim Daubenspeck, Pacific Crest Securities Curt Woodworth, J.P. Morgan Ari Bensinger, Standard & Poor's
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the fourth quarter results conference call. All parties will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Kenneth Sofio, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ken Sofio, Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Corning fourth quarter conference call. The call is also being audiocast on our web site. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion and Wendell Weeks, President and Chief Executive Officer, will join us for the Q&A. And before I turn the call over to Jim, you should note that today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, or factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the Company's SEC reports. Jim.
Jim Flaws, Vice-Chairman, Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, everyone. Last night we released our results for the fourth quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations web site. In addition for those of you with web access we posted several slides this morning that will summarize the key data points from this morning's prepared remarks. These slides will be available on our web site after the call as well. Before we dive into the details we had a very solid quarter which was within our expectations, despite the impact of a stronger dollar. And it finished as an outstanding year for Corning, one that we were delighted with and, hopefully, our investors were also. Here are the details. Sales for the fourth quarter were 1.2 billion, slightly higher than the third quarter and within our guidance range. Fourth quarter sales were driven primarily by higher volume in our Display segment offset by lower sales in Telecommunications and Life Sciences segment. In comparison to the fourth quarter of last year, sales were up 16%. Net profit after-tax, excluding special items in the fourth quarter, was 339 million, and lower than the third quarter. Decline in MPAT was primarily due to higher taxes, lower demand for optical fiber and auto substrates, a decline in equity earnings from Data Corning and the unfavorable impact of currency exchange. You should know all these, except exchange rates, were expected and discussed on the last conference call. In comparison to the fourth quarter of 2004, net profit after-tax excluding special items was up about 90%. EPS excluding special items were $0.22 in the fourth quarter and in line with our expectations. This is an increase of 83% in comparison to our EPS X specials a year ago. You should note these are nonGAAP measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found on our web site. As a reminder our third quarter EPS included non-recurring tax benefits which had contributed almost two $0.02 per share. You should also note that fourth quarter sales were negatively impacted by 14 million due to foreign exchange rates used in translation. Impact in MPAT was minor. We also had a onetime catch-up, related to re-measurement of certain balance sheet items in Display that cost an additional 10 million in the quarter. Now let me walk you quickly through some special items for the quarter. We recorded a pretax on after-tax non-cash charge of 443 million to fully reserve our remaining deferred tax asset or DTA. The adjustment primarily relates to our conclusion that a tax planning strategy was no longer prudent. As you remember, in the third quarter of 2004, we established an evaluation allowance against the significant portion of our deferred tax assets. At that time we developed a tax planning strategy to utilize the remaining DTAs before they began to expire in the year 2023, by selling an appreciated asset then. In performing our review of the deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter, we concluded that we could not say under certain circumstances that selling the depreciation assets would be prudent and feasible for the Company. As a result we were required to take this charge. As a reminder it is non-cash. This charge has no impact on our NOLs. They remain available to shelter income primarily in the United States. And the majority of them do not expire until 2020. We also recorded a non-cash pretax and after-tax gain of 84 million, related to the release of translation capital from a foreign subsidiary that was liquidated during the fourth quarter. The subsidiary was related to our photonics business which was sold to Avanex in 2003. After the business sale we began liquidating that subsidiary. In October of '05, the assets were substantially liquidated which triggered the release of translation capital. We also recorded a charge of 8 million to reflect the ongoing mark-to-market adjustment on the Corning shares to be contributed to the Pittsburgh Corning settlement. The charge was resolved in an increase in Corning share price during last quarter from $19.33 to $19.66. Lastly, we recorded a loss of 3 million in the final redemption of our 0 coupon convertible debentures. You can find a reconciliation of all these special items on our IR web site. On continuing down the income statement, gross margins were 44% in the fourth quarter and as expected slightly lower than the third quarter. Decline in gross margin was primarily due to lower margins in our Telecom and Environmental segments. SG&A was 203 million in the fourth quarter or 16.9% of sales. This was higher than the third quarter but within our guidance. As a reminder our SG&A was lower in the third quarter and higher in the fourth. Equity earnings were 186 million in the fourth quarter and higher than the third quarter. As a reminder, third quarter equity earnings of 74 million included a 106 million restructuring and impairment charge, related to the Samsung Corning CRT. The higher fourth quarter equity earnings were primarily the result of strong volume in Samsung Corning Precision, offset by lower equity earnings at that point which were expected. I will discuss both SCP and Dow Corning's results in more detail in a moment. Now let's move onto the segment results for the quarter. Starting with Display, sales were 518 million in the fourth quarter, a 6% increase over the third quarter sales of 489 million. This increase reflects sequential volume growth of 14%. A 6% unfavorable change in the end and a slightly lower pricing. As a reminder whenever are referred to LCD class pricing it is on a mixed weighted basis. Equity earnings from SAP were 129 million in the fourth quarter and higher than third quarter equity earnings of 114 million. You should note that equity earnings in the fourth quarter benefited from a one-time 5 million tax adjustment. Sequential volume growth was up 9% and higher than our expectations. Pricing was down slightly. As a result sequential volume growth for our consolidated display segment which includes our wholly-owned business Flux SCP was up 11% in fourth quarter. Net income in the display segment which includes equity earnings fell from 363 million in the third quarter to 328 million in the fourth quarter. Net income was primarily the result of slightly lower gross margin percent, higher effective tax rates, higher operating expenses offset by gains at SET. Gross margin percent in the fourth quarter in our wholly-owned business was slightly lower due to purchases of glass from SCP which we resell at a low profit and the previously mentioned read measurement adjustment. In comparison to the fourth quarter of last year, sales in our Display segment grew 67% primarily due to volume gains of 92%, offset by price declines at about 5% and unfavorable exchange rates. Net income including equity earnings increased 66% in comparison to the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year, Display segment revenues were 1.7 billion, a 57% increase over 2004's segment sales of 1.4 billion. Volume growth for the year was 64%, offset by slight price declines and unfavorable foreign exchange rates. I'd like now to spend a few minutes updating you on end market trends during the fourth quarter. I'd like to stress we don't have perfect information. We use a variety of sources ranging from services that are available to you such as Display search, along with retail tracking vendors, our own discussion with customers as well as our own models. We think the information is useful but not perfect. With that in mind you should know the following data has been derived from an aggregate of industry sources that are considered at this time to be preliminary estimates. The final data for the fourth quarter will not the available for another month. To be clear the data we reference here relates to shipments from PC manufacturers and TV set makers to retailers. Preliminary data shows end market shipments are tracking ahead of our forecast for all 3 end products. Notebooks, LCD monitors and LCD televisions. Starting with notebooks, about 17.5 million were shipped in the fourth quarter, which was higher than our expectation. This was an increase of 10% over the 16 million shipped in the third quarter. Moving to monitors, about 27.5 million were shipped in the fourth quarter which was also higher than our expectations. In the fourth quarter we believe the penetration of LCD monitors to total monitors sold was around 74% compared to 69% in the third quarter. For LCD televisions almost eight million were shipped in the fourth quarter, a 42% increase are the third quarter. We are estimated that LCD television penetration was around 13% worldwide in the fourth quarter. In fact in the United States, we believe LCD television penetration may have reached 21% during the holiday season. For the year, LCD television penetration was 11%, slightly higher than our original estimates. We were also pleasantly surprised that the average screen size approached 25 inches. Based on preliminary data we estimate there were almost 21 million LCD televisions shipped in the year 2005. For those who were concerned about the inventory in the supply chain, we did not see any excess buildup during the quarter. Based on our industry contacts there appears to be about two week excess of monitoring inventory which is well within the normal range for this time of year. The inventory is expected to clear through January. In addition, we have always told investors to keep an eye on panel pricing. If panel pricing falls dramatically in a short period of time, that could indicate there was inventory at the panel makers. Panel pricing in the fourth quarter fell very modestly, just 2 to 4% which tells us the further, which is, to us, is further evidence that monitor levels were not a concern at panel makers. We did receive a lot of questions during the quarter regarding Dell and the publicly announced monitoring inventory situation. We believe that this was an isolated incident, due to their overestimation demand, and not a reflection of the industry as a whole. Now regarding LCD television inventories based on the numbers shipped and industry shortages of certain sizes, we believe the inventory levels for LCD televisions were normal to low, depending on the size. We believe the strong fourth quarter demand for LCD televisions was fueled by falling retail prices. In December, the average retail price for a 32 inch LCD television was 60% lower than a year ago. In fact, you can now find many brands selling LCD televisions here in the States for under $1000. You should note that strong fourth quarter volume was the result of increased demand for Gen 5 and higher glass. In the fourth quarter, Gen 5 and higher accounted for 80% of our total volume including SCP. That is up from 77% in the third quarter. The mix of Gen 5.5, 6 and 7 glass was almost 40% in the fourth quarter, up from 33% in the third quarter. Now regarding our competition, as we noted on the third quarter call, we did see more competition on Gen 6 glass. This was not a surprise to us as we have been producing Gen 6 glass since June of 2003 and have been competing with NG for over a year now. Regarding our customer deposits we received 55 million in cash in the fourth quarter bringing the total to 457 million 2005. All customers remain current on their deposits. In the second quarter we began issuing credits against these deposits as customers began to purchase glass under the agreements. Credits issued totaled 16 million in the fourth quarter and 29 million for the year. In January, we officially announced the opening of our new LCD glass manufacturing facility in Taichung, Taiwan. We are very excited about the new plant because we believe it will be the most cost-efficient facility in the world for making LCD glass. There are currently multiple tanks that are lit and producing good glass. In fact we began shipping finished glass to our customers from this facility a few weeks ago. Now moving to the Environmental segment. Sales in the fourth quarter were 142 million and, as expected, fairly consistent for sales in the third quarter. In our automotive product line, sales were lower due to seasonally weaker demand. Diesel volume was higher in the fourth quarter driven by the heavy-duty retrofit sales to Korea and now light-duty filter sakes to VW. We continue to be pleased with the progress the diesel product line has made in the past year. from a technology development standpoint on the commercial front. The Environmental segment as a whole had a loss of 16 million in the fourth quarter, in comparison to a loss of 5 million in the third quarter. Increased loss was primarily due to the lower auto sales and manufacturing performance. In our Life Sciences segment, sales in the fourth quarter were 63 million and lower than the third quarter sales of 70 million. Sales were lower than expected as our primary distributor worked off some inventory during the fourth quarter. The segment incurred a net loss of 12 million in the fourth quarter compared to a loss of 7 million in the third quarter. Life Sciences sales for the year were 282 million compared to 304 in 2004. The 7% decline was well within our expectations, given the difficult task of converting many customers to a new distribution channel this past year. We have been very pleased with how well that conversion has gone and do not expect to see a material impact to our sales going forward. Moving to the Telecommunications segment, sales in the fourth quarter were 383 million, a 4% decline from the third quarter and in line with our expectations. Sales of our hardware and equipment products were 190 million in the fourth quarter up from 182 million in the third quarter. Increase is primarily due to higher demand in North America, particularly related to fiber-to-the-premises. Sales in our fiber and cable products in the fourth quarter were 193 million down from the third quarter level of 216 million, as expected. Decline was due to seasonally weaker fiber volume particularly in North America and Europe. Fiber pricing during the quarter was flat sequentially. Telecommunications segment had a net income of 70 million in the fourth quarter but that included the one-time gain of 84 million I mentioned earlier. In our other reportable business and sales in the fourth quarter were 93 million compared to 87 million in the third quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher semiconductor material sales. Equity earnings from Dow Corning were 50 million in the fourth quarter, lower than the third quarter but in line with our expectations. Dow Corning's results were impacted by expansion spending at its facilities in Asia, unfavorable exchange rates and seasonality. Dow Corning had the most successful year in its history in 2005, no small feat given it's just celebrated its 62nd anniversary. Full year sales were 3.9 billion up 15% over 2004. All 12 industries reported sales growth except for two. Net income was 506 million, which increased an impressive 113%. We will have much more transparency in the Dow Corning's performance during our annual investor meeting next week. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with $2.4 billion in cash and short-term equivalents, consistent with the third quarter. The most significant cash enclosed in the quarter were from our operating activities, which benefited from lower working capital, 86 million dividends from equity companies, and 55 million in customer deposits. Cash flow from Operations totaled 659 million. The most significant outflow in the fourth quarter was 477 million in capital expenditures, mostly for display expansions. Free cash flow during the fourth quarter was 227 million. In the fourth quarter, we used 277 million in cash to pay off the remaining 0 coupon debentures. For the year we are pleased to report we had free cash flow of 443 million. As a result we ended the year with a little over 1.8 billion in debt. More importantly, we had cash in excess of debt totaling 627 million. You should note the free cash flow was a nonGAAP measure. Our inventory balance was 570 million in the fourth quarter versus 559 million in the third quarter. The increase is primarily due to our plan to build more LCD glass and diesel product inventory. You may have also noticed an increase in the other asset line item in our balance sheet. It's primarily the result of the elimination of our minimum pension liability at the end of the year. As a result we effectively ended the year with a pension asset, which required us to reclass a debt balance from pension liability to a long-term asset account. Our U.S. pension plan is now almost fully funded on a PBO basis. Now turning to the outlook, I would like to provide a wrap up by providing you our guidance for the first quarter. We are expecting revenues in the range of 1.2 to 1.25 billion and EPS in the range of $0.21 to $0.23 per share before special items. As a reminder our first quarter EPS will include a penny of option expense, which will impact us for the first time under the new accounting rules. For your models you can use approximately a penny each quarter for the remainder of the year also. Moving down the income statement for your modeling purposes, gross margins for the Company should be between 43 and 45%. SG&A is expected to move up to about 18% of sales as most of the impact of option expense will fall there. Our D&E is expected to be around 10% of sales. We anticipate equity earnings in the first quarter to be flat to slightly higher than the fourth quarter. For modeling purposes we are estimating Dow Corning's equity earnings in the first quarter to be between 60 and 65 million. Again we will provide a more detailed outlook for Dow Corning during our investor meeting on February 3rd. As a reminder, our first quarter equity earnings will not contain the 5 million onetime tax benefit at SCP that I mentioned earlier. Regarding our tax rate it remains difficult to forecast, given the changing mix of our domestic and international earnings. For your modeling purposes you should use a range of 20 to 25%. Lastly you should use 1.57 billion shares for the first quarter when calculating EPS before Special Items. Another comment on share account as I mentioned on previous calls you should expect some executive selling after the February 3rd investor conference. We do have some expiring option grants early this year so you may see exercise and sale of those. As always we encouraged executive selling in a limited timeframe after our earnings announcement. One note on the impact of foreign exchange on our guidance. We ordinarily do not forecast on each change in FX for translation purposes within our guidance. However, our guidance for the first quarter does assume the ending dollar rate of approximately 115 versus the 117 rate that was used in the fourth quarter for translation. If the end of $1.08 moves to 120 we estimate our sales will be impacted by 22 million and MPAT by approximately 13 million. Includes any benefit from our currency hedging program. In our Display segment we are forecasting sequential volume growth for our wholly-owned business to be up 5 to 10% in the first quarter. Level volume growth will be dependent on our own ability to add larger size glass production during the quarter as well as our customers' ability to continue to ramp their new flats. We are anticipating sequential LCD glass pricing to be down more significantly in the first quarter than in recent quarters. However as a result of our ongoing cost reduction programs, benefit of additional volume large size glass and the absence of the foreign exchange re-measurement, we believe we could maintain our Display gross margins during the quarter. While we do not provide guidance beyond one-quarter at a time I can tell you we currently expect sequential quarter price declines to be more in line with a longer run historical levels for the remainder of the year. We have some logic for this point of view but, obviously, we could be wrong. We have experienced significant price competition in recent months. More competition on both Gen 6 and more competitive capacity in general. This timing is similar to last year. As we stated before, excluding penetration facts we think Q2 and Q3 are the strongest quarters for a glass supply to panel makers and therefore, the period is when glass is likely to be tight. The key for us remains our ability to lower costs as pricing comes down. We've done a great job in this area and intend to do so again in 2006 particularly with our capacity additions in Taichung. Given the higher volume and lower pricing we expect first quarter sales in the Display segment to be flat to up slightly, compared to the fourth quarter. At SCP we are expecting sequential volume to be flat to up 5%. Pricing pressure at SCP will not be as significant as the base business. But it could be enough to offset volume gains. In total, Display segment volume is expected to be up between 3 and 8% sequentially in the first quarter. In our Telecommunications segment we expect first quarter sales to be flat in comparison to the fourth quarter. In hardware and equipment, we expect first quarter sales to be up slightly sequentially, driven by a modest increase in fiber-to-the-premise demand. In fiber and cable, we expect first quarter sequential sales to be down slightly, as modest seasonal volume increases could be more than offset by price declines. As a reminder, many of our larger contracts are renegotiated during the first quarter. Regarding our other segments, we expect first quarter sales for Environmental to be up 5% sequentially; anticipate seasonally higher auto demand to be offset by lower diesel retrofit volume. Sales in our Life Sciences segment are expected to be up 5% to 10% in the first quarter compared to a seasonally weaker fourth quarter. First quarter sales at our other reportable businesses are expected to be consistent with the fourth quarter. Ken?
Ken Sofio, Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim. And Lisa, I believe we're ready to take some questions now.
Questions & Answers:
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Daryl Armstrong: Thanks, Jim, for providing the color on the inventory situation. Could you just give me a little bit of additional color, what are the assumptions for PC monitor growth that's embedded in your Q1 guidance? And then I have a follow-up.
A - Jim Flaws: I don't have the specific number for the monitors handy, Daryl, but we are looking for monitor penetration to grow over the course of the year. So I assume it would be up a little bit in the first quarter.
Q - Daryl Armstrong: And then second of all, in terms of the cost reduction and manufacturing efficiencies that you guys talked about, how much of an impact are you seeing currently from the low utilization of the Taichung plant? Just so I'll get a sense in terms of how much of a benefit you'll see as the capacity utilization on that plant ramps over the course of the year?
A - Jim Flaws: The impact is relatively minor, but it is a little bit, it's impacting our gross percent just a small amount. And we expect it to continue to impact us in the first part of the year, but then as we begin to fill up the factory in the later part of the year that will help us quite a bit.
Q - Daryl Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Anthony with SG Cowen.
Q - John Anthony: Couple quick questions. Can you just remind us of how the customer deposits flow through the P&L?
A - Jim Flaws: The customer deposits never flow through the P&L. They just show up when the cash comes in. It shows as an inflow on our cash flow statement. We break it out separately. It goes onto the balance sheet obviously as cash and then a liability. Then, when we ship a customer, the only thing that shows in our P&L is what we normally, we make the product, invoice them at full price and revenue, end up with accounts receivable. When the customer moves to pay it, they would say to us, "we're giving X amount of cash and please take a little out of our prepaid deposit". So the P&L is never impacted by this. It's strictly on a balance sheet and cash flow item.
Q - John Anthony: Great. Also, could you also comment on two things, one on the telco side. Have you seen any resurgence in demand? I guess if we're looking at the linearity throughout the year relative to Verizon's expectations for passing an additional three million homes, do you have any better sense for what the linearity would look like? And then secondly, on the Environmental side, I know you've talked about this a bit in the past, but can you just give us an update if the timing has changed at all? When you expect the '07 opportunity to kind of kick in?
A - Jim Flaws: Why don't you take Telecom and I'll take the Environmental.
A - Wendell Weeks: So in the Telecom segment we would expect the cycle to look a little like the total cycle for Telecom, which is, we would expect strength to build through quarter two to quarter three and fall off a little in quarter four. And if on the Environmental side, the diesel, you mean the diesel piece, we would expect that to ramp strongly through the year as we get ready for all heavy-duty vehicles in the U.S., all new heavy-duty vehicles in the U.S., to have a diesel emissions control technology as part of the U.S. 2007 rules.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers.
Q - C.J. Muse: Good morning, I've got a couple questions. I guess first, on glass pricing, I'm trying to get to what that number looks like for 1Q. You talked about volume up 5% to 10%, favorable impact of yen of 2%. Does that imply something of 5, 6, 7% price degradation in 1Q?
A - Jim Flaws: So what we would say about pricing if asked, that it would be upper single digits on pricing in the first quarter.
Q - C.J. Muse: Upper single digits?
A - Jim Flaws: That's correct.
Q - C.J. Muse: Okay. And when you look to the rest of the year, what gives you confidence that, aside from the view that glass capacity or glass supply will tight, what gives you confidence that it will revert back to historical-type numbers?
A - Jim Flaws: For us, you think LCD glass pricing, there's a number of things that impact it. And you've got to determine sort of how you believe all those different factors will interact. On the positive side, from a seller's standpoint, introduction of larger Gen sizes positively increases our glass price. As we look at 2006, we expect a pretty significant ramp in the Gen 7 and larger sizes. Then of course as glass supply and demand, which we think is pretty neutral in the Gen 6 and below range, and will be pretty tight in Gen 7 and above, and that tends to be impacted by TV penetration, which as you heard Jim say, was pretty strong in quarter four. On the negative side, we would expect continued customer pressure. If you take a look over the last year, our panel customers' prices went down sort of the high teens, while ours were down single digit. So that mismatch increases customer pressure. And then finally, as our relative degree of competitive advantage, on the positive side, our product quality and reliability helps us maintain a strong premium. On the negative side, we're finally seeing some competition in the Gen 6 and below range. So it's really that whole combination of things we need to make a judgment about. It is our judgement right now that we would expect that after what we go through here in quarter one to return to the historical pattern.
Q - C.J. Muse: Got you. And in terms of your ramp of Gen 7 capacity, and in your discussions with customers that are ramping the capacity, what are your expectations in terms of when that will really flow through your balance sheet, the glass demand?
A - Jim Flaws: I think we need to break out separately thinking about the wholly-owned business versus the equity venture. The venture Gens, the venture should see substantial ramps from the jump to Gen 7.5 at LPL and the additional capacity that Samsung is adding in their second Gen 7. And we think we will begin to see 7.5 now and the 7 starting in the second quarter. In our wholly owned businesses, we expect to see Gen 8 volume beginning, starting essentially at significance in the third quarter and going into fourth. The Gen 7 volume in our wholly owned business will really be relatively late in the year because those are Taiwanese start-ups and they don't happen till much later. We are expecting to see substantial growth in our Gen 6 volume as the year progresses in our wholly owned business because there's quite a bit of additional capacity being brought up and we expect to win more than our fair share of those. And also a reminder on the Gen 5.5 at Techma which is essentially a Gen 6. Last year, they were below their original expectations that will be coming on a little strong and that's very favorable for us also.
Q - C.J. Muse: Great. Last question. On the margin front, looks like Display margins, net margins fell from 50% to 38% sequentially. You attributed that to a slight decay in gross margin. Also an uptick in outbacks and increase in tax. Can you talk about what we should expect going forward?
A - Jim Flaws: What we've said is that if pricing as we said, remember we are disclosing that it could be above 5 but less than 10, that's what upper single digits means, that we will, we think we could with the combination of cross reduction when the absence of the FX items begin to hold our gross margins in Q1. We don't expect to see that significant level of price reduction in the remaining quarters as Wendell just said and the key for us is, as we've shown you before, can we continue to drive our cost down during the remaining quarters as we've done in the past year? We think it's quite an achievement to hold the gross margin in Q1 and if pricing is moderate from then on out, we feel quite confident about our ability to reduce cost.
Q - C.J. Muse: But I guess how about on the operating expense side and the tax, and taxes were up six points and OpEx was higher. Was that related to the ramp in the new Taiwanese facility and can you comment on expectations for tax for the Display core business?
A - Jim Flaws: So on the tax then, you may recall you are looking at what we call the fully allocated results. You remember in the fourth quarter we said we had an unusual tax benefit of $0.02 per share? And that essentially was we lost that benefit having into Q4. So you will, the tax rate that you will see will be we think relatively stable within the Display business going forward. And at the analysts' day, we are going to show you quite a bit of detail on the segment Tax Rates. On Operating Expenses, I think you'll see it climb moderately in the Display business as the year ago long. As I mentioned to you, the fourth quarter is generally our highest and has a big pop up in Operating Expense but I think you'll see modest increases as the year goes along.
Q - C.J. Muse: Great, Jim. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson with Sanford Bernstein.
Q - Jeff Evanson: Hi, as you see the market evolve both to larger TVs and more mass market sales of televisions, are you seeing any changes in the technical specifications for glass being demanded by the panel manufacturers?
A - Jim Flaws: Within the active matrix, LCD technology, the main demands we see going for increased size and then with that increased size it gets progressively more difficult to provide inclusion-free and perfect glass. So, in that way, yes, it gets harder but, we're not seeing specific gen gen to gen specification tightening.
Q - Jeff Evanson: And within a particular generation, are you seeing any changes, either weaker or tightening, quarter-to-quarter?
A - Jim Flaws: In terms of specification or supply?
Q - Jeff Evanson: For example, are customers getting to accept more inclusions for Gen-6 glass for some types of televisions?
A - Wendell Weeks: Every once in a while, you'll hear noise about depending on where they are what they are trying to enable versus different glass suppliers and then what is the quality level that they are aiming at for their customers, be it B brands, A brands, etc. You will hear noise levels around this point that you're raising. But, I would characterize it as that rather than any sort of significant trend one way or the other. The bottom line is if our customers can get high-quality glass supply at attractive prices, they will always take that over lower quality.
Q - Jeff Evanson: In this quarter and for your projections, you're looking at faster volume growth rates in the wholly-owned business than in Samsung Corning precision, which is consistent with the statement coming out of Taiwan a couple of weeks ago that you're looking for more of a 70-30-ish split between sales by 2007 for the wholly-owned business in Samsung Corning. Any thoughts on that?
A - Jim Flaws: It's Jim. We've often gotten wrong exactly the growth rate in the wholly-owned versus Korea. But what is slowing us a little at Korea last quarter and this quarter is that both our large customers there have not had much capacity to ramp. And now, that's about to change with the LPL 725 and Samsung's second 7. So those come on strong, you could see excellent growth there. So I don't think you're going to see a wildly divergent, between the two. But obviously we did edge ahead this past year in terms of the wholly-owned business being slightly larger than SCP.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Fox, Merrill Lynch.
Q - Stephen Fox: First of all, just clarifying the Generation 6 pricing trends. My understanding is that typically it would be more rapid declines than, say, the older generations. Are you seeing something out of the ordinary on that that you think is going to persist? Or how would you describe it relative to typical price curves when you get to this level of production on Gen-6?
A - Jim Flaws: Well, remember Gen-6 is now 2 1/2 years old. We now have two solid competitors delivering capacity. So, the price declines I would say as a business it doesn't have a lot of history but maybe typical of what happened when everybody showed up with Gen-5 capacity. But, the price declines are not out of the, what we would classify as ordinary on the declines within a generation when we get to this stage of maturity. We've had Gen-6. We've had quite a bit of time to ourselves with this. And now we've got competition and we're not afraid of it and we are reducing the costs on it.
Q - Stephen Fox: And then in terms of Gen-6 levels versus, say, when Gen5 competition showed up, is the mix higher, Jim, on Gen-6 for your production than it was when Gen5 competition showed up?
A - Jim Flaws: The mix within……
Q - Stephen Fox: The mix of Gen-6 vis a vis your total glass business.
A - Jim Flaws: I would say it's hard to judge. It's maybe slightly lower, I would say, because you know what really changed the mix structure of this business first when Gen5 showed up, it was so much bigger than previous ones. Now, Gen-6. But you are building it, layering the Gen-6 on top of having Gen-5's and not in the base. When Gen-5 showed up, it was relatively tiny from the other generations.
Q - Stephen Fox: One last question on CapEx. Any comments for the quarter or the year in where capital spending looking?
A - Jim Flaws: We're thinking between 1 3 and 1 5 on the CapEx for the year. Just diesel will be up a little versus this past year and then, you know the variability really comes from what we see in the growth rate in Display and what we need to prepare for in '07.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS.
Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos: With the new pricing that you will be taking in the first quarter, what do you think your price premium, if any, will be in Gen-6 glass versus the competition after you go through with this price cut?
A - Jim Flaws: Well, Nikos, it's hard to for us to tell, I mean it's, in this near-term, the actual dynamics of the competition make it very hard to tell exactly where we are in terms of specific premiums on specific Gen size. You know, we've got a few quarters into the future and we'll able to see a little more clearly in the rearview mirror exactly where we are. We expect that as in other of the gen sizes, Corning will continue to maintain a premium over this over the sweep of time given superior reliability and quality of the glass.
Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos: Last year, when you gave guidance for the first quarter on pricing, you actually ended up doing better. The market was, the pricing didn't come down as much. You know, why do you think that happened last year and is there a chance that they might happen this year or do you, or the guidance you're giving is more reflective of contractual agreements that you just went through with your customers?
A - Jim Flaws: Well, it's certainly possible that the same thing could repeat if we would do better than what we've just said. We try to give you our best view of what we're expecting to see. But, there's no, I would not say that I would relate this to contractual changes any more than we would have said last year.
Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos: And just two quick others. In '05, what was your cost reduction in LCD. What were you actually able to reduce costs by, you know, on a blended basis across your product portfolio?
A - Jim Flaws: You will have to wait formally until February 3rd. But, I think you can see that we moved our gross margin up from being in the 50s to being in the 60s and didn't have much price decline. So that should give you a hint.
Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos: Last question. On Environmental, the gross margin and operating margin of this business continues to be disappointing. And I'm trying to understand, as you ramp this diesel business this year and ramp it even more in '07, what are the target gross margin or operating margin for this business, let's say in the second half of '07, once a lot of the startup costs are behind you, what could this business get to?
A - Jim Flaws: What we're aiming at the diesel business when we get to maturity is to get our gross margins in the mid-40% range. That's where auto has been all the time. Frankly, right now, we've got some disappointment on auto, where we're not doing as well as we would like. So we have opportunity to improve our performance in our auto business and we intend to get the diesel there eventually. You'll start to see significant improvement in the gross margin in the end of '06 and clearly as we go through '07, if the revenues come in as we expect and the, we manufacture like we want to. I don't think you will hit maturity though, until we get to '08.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Daubenspeck with Pacific Crest Securities.
Q - Tim Daubenspeck: First question, just to clarify on the gross margin commentary about the March quarter, you're talking about maintaining gross margins. Is that for both Display as well as the overall business?
A - Jim Flaws: The comment was, we've been focusing on most of the interplay here has been on the could for the display business that we believe we could maintain the margins we saw in fourth quarter. As far as total corporation, we gave earnings of 43 to 45. The last quarter was 44, right in the middle of that. So, it is somewhat dependent on how things play out. But, the big focus here is really on Display.
Q - Tim Daubenspeck: Okay. And then, in terms of display, as you move through the year, if it plays out as you expect in terms of more normalized pricing and you continue to get down the cost curve, I know you are not giving full year guidance but is it possible that the March quarter could be kind of a, the bottom, how do I say this? The bottom for gross margins for Display and we could see improvement in Display as we move through the year?
A - Jim Flaws: I think you will have to base that on what you feel the assumptions are, if price declines are very, are moderate in the remainder of the year, and we do our job on cost reduction, there is certainly that opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth with J.P. Morgan.
Q - Curt Woodworth: On the diesel business, 2005 is obviously a critical year for you. Do you feel like you accomplished everything you needed to do this year to position yourselves to capture a large part of that billing in other markets that you talked about seeing in 2008? And secondly, could you talk a little bit more about how you see the ramp? You talked about a significant ramp this year and then more in 2007, reach maturity in 2008. Could you just put more, maybe some more numbers around that to help us with our modeling? Thank you.
A - Wendell Weeks: To the second part, on the February 3rd investors meeting, we're going to spend more time on diesel than we have historically. We're actually going to have a division manager for diesel provide a lot more detail and color on sort of what the ramp looks like, how do you begin to size the market opportunity and sort of what the slope will start to appear to be over time. I would point out that I don't think 2008 will represent the maturity point for our diesel business, or if it will show significant growth beyond that. Now, to your first question, you need to segment it. Let's deal first with the most significant investment area for us, which was U.S. heavy-duty vehicles. And, what this is, is this is aimed to meet the regulations in 2007 to clean up diesel particulate, exhaust. We feel very good about where we are with winning positions at all the major customers for U.S. heavy-duty diesel. So, we feel great about that. In light-duty diesel, we are, that's primarily a European market and what our goal was this year was to successfully enter that market. The incumbent technology today, something called silicon carbide, which we do not produce. We introduced a brand-new material technology called Aluminum Titanate called Duratrap AT and we successfully entered that market with the largest passenger car diesel manufacturer, Volkswagen. And we expect to expand that position in the coming year. So, we feel good about where we are in heavy-duty, light-duty we're just getting started but that was our plan. So, overall, we are pleased. Following this, we'll be off-road heavy-duty, which becomes regulated in the 2010-2011 timeframe and we're already beginning development of products for that as well.
Q - Curt Woodworth: One question on Telecom. Given that a lot of the Verizon inventories situation has been alleviated, we were surprised that the Telecom revenues would be flat. Is there anything different you are seeing in the connectivity rates at Verizon or in the fiber deployment that would maybe get more conservatism to that market in '06?
A - Wendell Weeks: No. I'm not seeing anything significant that would lead us to conclude anything different about the rates at Verizon building through the year. The quarter one, when you get into any given quarter, you just tend to have a little bit more noise level that actually are some new product introductions from us and how quickly those get accepted can impact you in a quarter, rather all those different things can. But overall, if anything we feel a little better about Verizon's dedication to fiber-to-the-premise this year at this point in time, than we were last year. So, overall, we think the trend is positive in fiber-to-the-premise. For the overall telecom industry though, note that supply of fiber still exceeds demand and in a way we have sort of the exciting things happening in fiber-to-the-premise and our new products that is getting squeezed to some extent by what still continues to be a pretty unexciting industry structure.
Q - Curt Woodworth: Okay. And what were your fiber-to-the-premise revenues for the total Company in '05?
A - Jim Flaws: They were around 235 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ari Bensinger with Standard & Poor's.
Q - Ari Bensinger: I was just wondering. Building off that question, going forward, with Verizon's ramp going from one million homes passed to three million homes passed, can you disclose your revenue opportunity in terms of how much you would get in terms of equipment for each home passed?
A - Wendell Weeks: Yes and we will provide a little, once again, a little more color as well on February 3rd. But, roughly, the way we think about it is, it is between sort of $80 and $100 for home passed and a similar amount for home connected. So, remember, you've got both revenue patterns. First, you've got to pass it and then when actually they turn up to the service to the home, we create yet another revenue opportunity of approximately the same size. So, that actually adds to the sustainability of this business for us as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thompson with Goldman.
Q - Brent Thompson: I was wondering if you could give us any color as to what things might impact your ability to move down the cost curve at a rate that's different than what you have been doing in the past or should we be assuming that that's a pretty constant factor from '05 into 06?
A - Jim Flaws: Well, as we've said many times, history is not a guarantee of the future. But as we showed you last year from '97 to 2004 we reduced costs on a CAGR of 13% and, clearly, we were doing very well in recent years. We don't feel there are many things that would cause us to do less well and in most of our capacities this upcoming year is coming up in Taiwan. And that's a real benefit to us. We have a little coming up in Japan. But, even in Japan, we have achieved superior cost positions over the past year. We continue to have ideas about how we could improve yields and flow rates of glass coming out of the tanks. So I think that we believe we have an excellent shot of continuing the rates we had but we can't guarantee them.
Q - Brent Thompson: When you think about longer-term in terms of peak margins for this business, could you give a little color as to what that range might be or how we might ultimately get there timing-wise?
A - Jim Flaws: I would have to say, we are pretty happy with gross margins in the upper 60s and 70s at our equity ventures and margins don't generally grow to the sky. So we'd be very happy with margins like this in a business that grows at this rate.
A - Wendell Weeks: And all I would add is that, once again maybe a paid advertisements in the February 3rd session is our Chief Operating Officer, Peter Volanakis, is really going to spend the bulk of his time addressing trends in the overall market. What different factors we are weighing as we think about what's happening on pricing and also I think very importantly, right on your point, which is the main factors that are going to drive our cost reduction effort, both historically and going forward. And I think everyone will find that to be very informative.
Ken Sofio, Director, Investor Relations: Lisa, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Q - Ajit Pai: On the Shizouka plant extension for Gen-8 and higher, could you give us some color as to when you expect that to begin production? I think you mentioned something about the third quarter and fourth quarter being the Gen-8 ramp. But, you know the typical season when you see a lot of strength is the second quarter. So, would you be able to be producing them in the second quarter?
A - Jim Flaws: Well we'll definitely be producing them in the second quarter. The point is, there won't be a lot of glass being taken as they begin their ramp. But we'll definitely be ready to go in the second quarter. And we will be prepared to keep up with our customer there as they go forward. But, we'll be ready to go then.
Q - Ajit Pai: And typically, in Gen-8, the kind of premium you've had like when you go to the next generation has been in the double digits, relative to the prior generation. Is that pattern changing? Or do you think you'll still be able to command a pretty generous premium for the next generation glass?
A - Jim Flaws: There's no change in our ability to get a premium for new generations that when they come out versus older generations with that customer.
Ken Sofio, Director, Investor Relations: Jim, some closing comments?
Jim Flaws, Vice-Chairman, Chief Financial Officer: I would like to make a few remarks. First of all, as you heard today, we have some Investor Relations announcements. We will be holding our annual investor meeting on Friday, February 3rd at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. There will be presentations from various members of senior management, plus the opportunity to speak to many of the general managers from our major businesses. Anyone interested in attending should register online at the IR web site, at Corning.com. We hope to see you there. In addition, we will be meeting with some investors in Houston and Dallas on February 6th and 7th. Now a couple of closing comments about 2005. It would be an understatement to say we could not have been more pleased with the Company's performance over the past year. It's clearly one of the best years in our history and that's saying a lot for a company that is 154 years old. We grew our sales 16% year-over-year and, more importantly, we improved our gross margin to an all-time record of 42% for the full year. Our net profit after-taxes before Special Items increased by 629 million or 93%. This represented the third consecutive year of 500 million plus improvement in MPAT. More importantly, we saw substantial improvement in our free cash flow. Despite the significant amount of spending on capital expenditures and R&D, our balance sheet improved dramatically as we reduced debt to a very manageable level, while maintaining 2.4 billion in cash. The improvement in our balance sheet was noteworthy for another reason. We had more cash than debt for the first time in 25 years. And as a result, for a stronger balance sheet, we made our way back to investment grade. Our financial performance was driven by another record year for LCD glass. We grew our revenues by 57%, our segment income by 66%. Demand was fueled by consumer acceptance of LCD televisions whose penetration into the color TV market more than doubled. And we are very excited about prospective growth for the LCD television business in 2006. In our Telecommunications segment, we are very pleased Verizon met their planned goal, passing two million homes in 2005. We're looking forward to additional revenue opportunities for fiber-to-the-premise products in support of Verizon's gold to pass three million homes in '06. In Environmental, our diesel products took a big step forward in '05, both technically and commercially. We've signed letters of intent for over half the heavy-duty diesel market in the U.S. and developed a new diesel filter. We're looking forward to increase diesel products sales as heavy-duty engine manufacturers begin to ramp in preparation for the '07 regulations. In addition to these financial performance, we are thrilled to have a very successful year introducing innovative new products such as Gen-7, 7.5 glass, new fiber-to-the-premise technology and the aluminum titanate filter. I think you'll agree, this past year was extremely gratifying for our investors as well as our share price rose 67%, making it the 10th best performing stock on S&P 500. In closing, we would like to thank the investment community for their continuing interest in Corning. We're very much looking forward to meeting with you as we hit the road again in 2006. Ken.
Ken Sofio, Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim; thank you, Wendell, thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of the call will be available beginning at 10:30 AM Eastern time today and will run until 5 PM Eastern time on February 8th. To listen, dial 402-220-9657. No passwords required. The audio cast is also available on our web site during that time period. Lisa, that concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. At this time, you may disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2005 Q3  (2005-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone.  Welcome to the Corning third quarter Conference Call. OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Sofio, Direct of Investor Relations.  Sir, you may begin.
Ken Sofio: Welcome to our third quarter conference call.  Also, welcome to the people on the webcast.  Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer will lead the discussion this morning and Wendell Weeks, our President and Chief Executive Office will join for the Q&A.  Before I turn it over to Jim, you should note that today's remarks do contain forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements involve number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  These risks are detailed in our SEC reports.  Jim?
Jim Flaws: Thanks, Ken.  Good morning, everyone.  Last night we released our results for the third quarter, which can be found on our Investor Relations website.  In addition, for those of you with Web access we posted several slides this morning that will summarize the key data points from this morning's prepared remarks.  The slides will be available on our Website after the call as well. Regarding our third quarter results, we are obviously very pleased to report sales near the top end of our estimate and earnings per share that were significantly higher than our expectations.  Let me share with you some of the details.  Sales for the third quarter were 1.188 billion, an increase of 4% over the second quarter sales of 1.14 billion.  Third quarter sales driven primarily by higher volume in the display segment offset, by lower telecommunication segment sales.  In comparison to the third quarter of last year sales were up 18%.  Net profit after-tax excluding special items was $405 million in the third quarter, an increase of almost $100 million or 32% over the second quarter.  In comparison to the second quarter of last year, net profit after tax excluding special items was up about 90%. A brief historical comment, this very strong NPAT is much higher than any quarter in 2000 when leaf fiber was at its peak.  Earnings per share, excluding special items, were $0.26 in the third quarter and much higher than our expectations.  This was an increase of 86% in comparison to our EPS x-specials a year ago.  You should not, these are non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found on our Website. Our strong earnings performance was primarily the result of higher volume, improved manufacturing performance and display.  I really should note that our third quarter results did benefit from nonrecurring tax benefits, which contributed almost $0.02 per share.  Without this benefit, our EPS was still $0.02 above the top end of our guidance range. Now first, we were profitable in the U.S. during the third quarter, which helped reduce our overall corporate tax rate to 16%.  Improved profitability was the result of higher royalty income and lower spending.  In addition, we reached a settlement with the IRS on the audit of our 2001 and 2002 tax returns, which allowed us to release reserves about $15 million during the third quarter.  This combination of these two items contributed about $0.02 to our third quarter results.  You should not anticipate the same $0.02 benefit in the fourth quarter.  You should also note that third quarter sales in NPAT were negatively impacted by foreign exchange used in translation during the third quarter versus the second quarter.  Sales in NPAT were impacted by approximately $23 million each. Now, let me quickly walk you through the special items for the quarter.  We reported a pre and after-tax charge of $68 million, or $0.04 a share, related to the ongoing mark to market adjustment on Corning shares to be contributed to the Pittsburgh Corning settlement.  The charge was the result of substantial increase in Corning share price during the quarter 16.62 to 19.33.  In September we had announced restructuring charges of $28 million pre and after tax, or $0.02 a share, primarily related to cost reduction initiatives in our telecom segment. We also announced in September, that Samsung Corning or equity invested that produces glass panels and funnels for CRT monitors and televisions would incur restructuring and impairment charges in the third quarter.  Our share of their charges was $106 million after tax or $0.07 per share and is reflected in our equity earnings.  This is the result of the rapid growth of LCD products, particularly LCD monitors, which has negatively impacted demand for conventional CRT products. We expect Samsung Corning to record additional impairment charges as future decisions on assets and work force are made.  These decisions will likely not occur until 2006.  We expect our share of those additional charges to be approximately 30 million.  It is possible that the third quarter charges may be adjusted in future quarters as Samsung plans are finalized.  One final reminder, these charges are all non-cash to Corning.  We also, have determined that a separate impairment of Samsung Corning investment asset held on our books was not required in the third quarter.  However, we will continue to monitor this closely as Samsung Corning completes its restructuring plans.  For your reference, the asset value at September 30 on our books was $233 million.  You should note that further deterioration of the CRT market could result in further restructuring charges at Samsung Corning and an impairment of the investment on our books.  You can find a reconciliation of all these special items on our Investor Relations website. Gross margins were 46% in the third quarter, much higher than the second quarter and our own expectations.  The substantial improvement was due to higher volume and strong manufacturing performance in our display segment.  Equity earnings were $74 million in the third quarter, including the $106 million charge related to Samsung Corning.  Excluding that charge, third quarter equity earnings were higher compared to the second quarter earnings of 172.  The higher equity earnings were primarily the result of strong volume performance at Samsung Corning Precision, offset slightly by lower equity earnings at Dow Corning, which had been expected. I'll discuss SCP and Dow Corning results in more detail in a moment. So, let's move on to our segment results for the quarter.  Starting with display, sales were $489 million in the third quarter, an 18% increase over second quarter sales of $415 million.  The increase reflects sequential volume growth of 22%, flat pricing and an unfavorable change in the end.  As a reminder, when I refer to LCD glass pricing it is on a mix weighted basis.  Equity earnings from SCP were $114 million in the third quarter and much higher than their second quarter equity earnings of $85 million. As a reminder, equity earnings in the second quarter for them included approximately $10 million of one-time charges.  Sequential volume growth for SCP was up 22% and their pricing was flat also, As a result, Sequential volume growth for our consolidated display segment, including our wholly business plus SCP was up 22% in the third quarter. Net income in display segment, which includes equity earnings, grew almost 50% from $243 million to $363 million.  The significant growth in display segment net income was primarily the result of the volume growth, strong manufacturing improvement and also our lower tax rate in the Corning in the quarter.  We recognize that the allocation taxes can be confusing and that is why we show it is a line item in our segment results.  Where it fundamentally displays incremental sales translated into margin at a high rate. Gross margin in the third quarter, our wholly owned business, approached levels closer to SCP's performance.  The increase in gross margin was the result of strong manufacturing performance.  In comparison to the third quarter of last year, sales in our display segment grew 65%, primarily due to volume gains of 73%, offset by price declines of 2% and unfavorable exchange rates.  Net income, including equity earnings, increased 155% in comparison to the third quarter of last year. Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes updating you on end market trends during the third quarter.  I would like to stress we do not have perfect information.  We use a variety of sources ranging from services that are available to you such as display search and retail tracking vendors; as well as our own discussions with customers and our own models.  We think this information is useful but it is not perfect.  With that in mind, you should know the following data has been derived from this aggregated industry.  Sources that are considered this time to be only preliminary estimates.  Final data for the third quarter will not be available for another month.  Be clear, the data I'm referencing here relates to shipments from PC manufacturers and television set makers to retailers. The preliminary data end market shipments is tracking ahead of our forecast for all three end products, notebooks, monitors and televisions.  Starting with notebooks, about 15 million was shipped in the third quarter, which is higher than our expectations.  Increase of 13% over the 13 million shipped in the second quarter.  Overall, we believe notebooks were about 31% of all computers sold. Turning to LCD monitors.  About 24.5 million were shipped in the third quarter.  Also higher than our expectations.  In third quarter, we believe penetration of LCD monitors to total monitors sold was 69%, compared to 67% in the second quarter.  For LCD televisions, approximately 5 million were shipped in the third quarter, a 16% increase over the second quarter.  LCD television penetration was about 10% in the third quarter and consistent with the second quarter.  We continue to believe that LCD television penetration is on track to be 10% of televisions sold for the entire year. As a result of the strong LCD television shipments to date, we now believe the market may do better than the 19 million shipped for year, which original which is higher than our original forecast at 18 million.  A crucial factor for what will drive LCD television demand will be pricing.  And we are encouraged by the pricing environment over the last 12 months.  During that time retail prices for 32 and 26-inch televisions have fallen over 40%. You should note that our third quarter volume was the result of increased demand for Gen5 and higher glass.  In second quarter Gen5 and higher accounted third quarter 77%, which was up from 75% in the second quarter.  The mix of Gen5.5, 6 and 7 glass was about 33% in the third quarter, up from about 25% in the second quarter. Regarding our Taiwanese customers and their ongoing mix fab ramps, they appear to be generally on track.  We're pleased to see that Taiwan panel shipments in September hit another all record high.  Regarding our customer deposits, we received $155 million in cash in the third quarter and additional $13 million in October as expected.  Including the $234 million received in the first half, our total cash from customer deposits this year was $402 million.  We're pleased that all the deposits this year have been received on time. In the second quarter we also began issuing credits against these deposits as the customers began to purchase glass under the agreements.  Credits issued $11 million in the third quarter and are now $13 million year-to-date. I would like to take a few minutes to address several market related topics that investors have asked us about over the past.  You should note the following represents our opinions based on historical data, our models and discussions with customers.  Our objective here is to share that data with you so you can form your own opinion on these topics.  First topic pertains to inventory in the supply chain.  There were several reports during the quarter that there was excess inventory in the channel especially for televisions.  While we feel that there will always be a risk of excess inventory in the channel, we are not seeing it right now.  In fact, recent announcements by Sharp indicated shortage of 32 and 37-inch TV panels. Our own analysis indicates LCD television inventories have increased marginally but within normal levels for this time of year.  The TV business is more seasonal and the level expected to be double last year.  So, we should be seeing more inventory to support the end market.  Please remember the LCD television level is doubling versus last year.  We have also called 14 set makers and their observations are that there is not excess inventory.  Back supplies of certain large sizes are tight.  We also believe there is not a significant amount of panel inventory at our customers' panel makers. As a reminder, there are certain metrics that investors can look at to gauge the level of panel inventory.  One way is to monitor the monthly panel shipment data that is published each month by the Taiwanese panel makers.  Another way is to monitor panel pricing.  In times of rising panel inventory, panel makers will typically lower panel prices significantly to stimulate demand.  Current data indicates the panel pricing was fairly flat in September for both LCD monitors and LCD televisions across all sizes.  Nevertheless, we intend to watch inventories closely and sell through and be prepared to moderate production if we detect a backup. There has also been concerns expressed about panel over supply in the first half of 2006.  While we cannot predict what the panel supply demand balance will be in future quarters, we can share with you how we view this balance and what we have seen historically.  First, you should note that the panel supply and demand is hardly ever in perfect balance.  In fact, since our record keeping began in 1998 the panel market has either been in a state of shortage or surplus.  For most of 1998 there was a surplus of panels in the range of 5% to 15%.  In '99 there was a shortage of between 10% to 15%.  In 2000 to 2001 there was a surplus between 10% and 15%.  And from '02 to '04 the panel market fluctuated between surplus and shortage.  The takeaway here is panel supply and demand is always in flux. For investors, the key question here should be what levels of shortage and surplus are acceptable?  What decisions were made by the panel makers during previous over supply and shortages?  And what happened to glass demand during these previous cycles?  Regarding what is an acceptable level of panel shortage or surplus, there is no clear-cut answer.  To gain an understanding of the current market, we review the number of weeks of panel inventory and panel makers, monitor set makers and TV set makers.  Today our analysis shows that inventory did grow during the third quarter but at expected levels given the seasonal nature of the consumer electronics industry.  We believe inventories should peak within next month and then begin to decline as seasonal purchases accelerate in November and December. Regarding an over supply next year, there was a research firm report in September that predicted a 10% panel over supply in the first half of '06.  It is too soon to comment on next year because we have not seen the fourth quarter sell-through.  But investors should know that the industry has experienced 10% or higher over supply several times over the past eight years, without an impact to glass demand.  While we cannot predict what will happen in ‘06, the determining factor for glass demand next year, will be the continued penetration rate of LCD monitors and LCD televisions. It is also important to note how panel makers have traditionally behaved during periods of panel shortage and panel surplus.  During a shortage of panels, panel makers have typically increased prices, leading to higher profits and to capital spending for investment in new capacity.  This eventually has led to over capacity and excess panels.  During periods of this excess panels, panel makers reduced prices to stimulate demand, hurting their profits and reducing the amount of capital to invest.  These lower prices eventually fuel demand, which again tightens available capacity and starts the cycle again.  It is important to note these historical surpluses that drive panel prices down are necessary to drive the penetration to the overall industry growth.  The take away here is there is a long history of panel shortage and surplus and panel makers adjust both price and capacity accordingly. The last question is; what has happened to glass demand since 1998 during these periods of panel shortage and surplus.  Despite these shortages and surpluses, LCD glass demand has grown each year since 1998.  In '99 during the 15% surplus of panels LCD glass demand grew 39%.  During the 10% to 15% panel shortage of '99, LCD glass grew 85%.  In 2001, LCD glass demand grew 40%, despite a surplus of panels by as much as 15%. And for those investors who are worried about glass pricing in times of panel over supply, the average price decline since 1997 has been 5% per year.  Excluding '03 and '04 when glass pricing was relatively flat, pricing has fallen in the upper single digits on average since 1997.  The main point here is even in times of panel over supply there may not be a correlating impact to glass volume and price.  The key for us remains, to pace our glass demand with end markets not panel capacity. Which brings me to the next topic, seasonality.  We've received a lot of questions on seasonality and how it impacts glass demand.  Up till now glass demand has been driven by the penetration of LCD monitors and now starting LCD televisions.  Seasonality has actually been more of an undercurrent to our demand.  Something that we knew was there but did not impact us significantly.  That will not always be the case.  We clearly understand now that our glass business is strongest in the second and third quarters.  However, if LCD television penetration progresses the way we think it will next year, this may overshadow the impact of seasonality. You should also note, it takes about three to four months for our glass to show up in a television monitor at retail level.  So by and large the glass we shipped in the fourth quarter will be for products sold at retail in the first quarter.  Glass shipments made in the first quarter show up, for the most part, in retail stores in the second quarter.  With that in mind let me spend a few minutes discussing seasonality trends.  First, for desktop monitors, sales have remained fairly evenly distributed by quarter for the last several years.  Even sales of LCD monitors are fairly consistent quarter to quarter with only a slight trend upward towards the end of the year. Despite the fourth quarter up tick, you should note over the last five years, LCD monitor unit sales have been flat to up 15% sequentially in the first quarter due to penetration.  Color TV sales have historically been more weighted to the fourth quarter but not as much as what you may think.  You might be surprised to learn that the second biggest month of color television sales worldwide is January.  As consumers make decisions ahead of such events as the SuperBowl and Chinese New Year and every four years, the Olympics.  Over the last five years between 27% and 30% of all color TV sales in a given year occurred in the fourth quarter.  So, while there is some sequential decline in color TV sales in the first quarter, it does not tend to be significant. For LCD television sales there obviously is less historical data.  The data does suggest an even heavier weighting towards the fourth quarter.  Over the last four years, between 37% and 41% of LCD televisions sold in a given year were sold in the fourth quarter.  As a result, there has also been a sequential decline in LCD television sales into the first quarter.  However, given the increased LCD television penetration, declines have been comparable to what we've seen historically in color television overall. So, while we're not providing specific display volume guidance for the first quarter, I can offer a few thoughts.  Our glass demand will be driven by the continued penetration of LCD monitors and televisions.  We expect the penetration of monitors and televisions to grow sequentially in the first quarter.  We believe there will be a normal sequential decline in LCD TV unit sales in the first quarter.  Although, we do expect to see twice as many LCD televisions sold in comparison to the first quarter of '05.  Lastly, our first quarter glass shipments will most likely be used to fill the growing pipeline to meet second quarter end market demand. The last topic I would like to address for the investors is the potential impact of higher energy costs on consumers decisions to purchase big ticket items such as an LCD television.  Why we cannot predict the future and the decisions consumers may make in light of higher living costs, we can share with you how color TV sales have fared during other historical re cessionary periods.  This may provide some groundwork for your modeling regarding LCD television demand. In summary, the data indicate that during re cessionary times consumers continue to purchase color TV's.  What we've found is the worldwide color television sales have increased almost every year since 1963 when they were first introduced en masse to the public. Going back to '63 there have been a number of recessions in the U.S. and worldwide.  Specifically, in the United States we had recessions in '80, '82 and '90.  In each of those periods, color television increased on an annual basis of 4% to 8%, which is in line with color TV growth projections today.  We believe this was due to consumers need to save costs by traveling reducing travel and staying close to home and eliminating other entertainment choices.  The only period of time when color television sales fell in consecutive years was during the global recession of '73 to '75.  And during those two years color TV sales fell 13%.  The '73, '75 recession is now 30 years and ago and we need to be careful translating consumer behavior then to today. It's important to point out, there are fundamental differences between that market and the one that exists today.  First in 1973 color TV represented 50% of all televisions sold.  In other words, in about ten years color TV had penetrated half the market dominated by black and white TV's.  Today, LCD television represents 10% of television sales and its footprint is much smaller.  In addition, there are numerous market factors that influence consumers decision to purchase a television today that did not exist in the '70s.  Back then your choice was either black and white or color.  Today consumers have a wide range of different TV choices.  From LCD to plasma to DLP and other projection technologies. In addition, consumers are often driven to purchase these higher end televisions because of better content, technology such as the 16 by 9 format, high definition DVD and DVD players.  High definition television content and digital signals overall. In summary, we do not believe that today's higher energy prices will materially impact consumer decisions to increase 23:47 new to purchase LCD televisions.  Historical data suggests consumers will continue to purchase these televisions.  And with enhanced entertainment choices and content available today, the average consumer has more incentive to purchase. Now, before I leave the display segment I would like to update you on the progress at our newest LCD manufacturing facility in Taichung, Taiwan.  We have already worked three tanks and are producing good glass.  The Taichung facility ultimately will manufactured generations 5.5, 6, 7.5 and larger substrates.  You may have seen our announcement earlier this month that our board has approved a $425 million expansion of the plant.  This investment will be used to fund the third phase of the facility.  The majority of that expenditure will be incurred in '06 and '07. This announcement does not change our capital-spending estimate for this year.  And was already included in our planned spending for next year.  Initial manufacture from this most interesting this most recent phase will begin late '06.  With production continuing to come online into '07.  As with our other display expansions, this will occur in stages over a period of time and follow a modular construction plan that will be paced to meet end market demand.  If end market demand slows we have the ability to slow or even stop some of the expansion necessary.  We will also pace the construction to meet our long-term supply agreements with customers.  I'm also happy to report that our Gen8 expansion at Shizuoka is well on track and will be complete next year. Now, moving to the environmental segment.  Sales in the third quarter were $144 million.  And as expected fairly consistent with sales in the second quarter.  In our automotive product line, sales slightly lower due to weaker demand, primarily in North America.  Diesel volume was slightly higher in the third quarter driven by retrofit sales to Korea.  A segmented loss of $5 million in the third quarter, in comparison to a loss of $4 million in the second quarter. In the life sciences segment, sales in this third quarter was $70 million and lower than the second quarter sales of $75 million.  The sequential decline in sales primarily due to an inventory build in the channel during the second quarter, which did not repeat in the third quarter.  Third quarter sales were also negatively impacted by weaker Euro.  The segment incurred a net loss of $7 million in the third quarter, compared to a loss of $4 million in the second quarter.  The weaker performance is the result of higher development and engineering expenses as well as for lower volume.  We are happy to report the conversion of our customers to new channel continues to progress.  As a result, the impact to our life sciences revenues for this year will be between 5% and 10%. Now, moving to telecommunications segment.  Sales in the third quarter were $398 million, a 4% decrease from the second quarter and in line with our expectations.  Sales in hardware and equipment products were $182 million in the third quarter, down from $202 in the second quarter.  Volume was primarily due to lower demand in North America and Europe.  In North America the weaker demand was primarily related to FTTP, as Verizon continued to work through their excess hardware and equipment inventory during the quarter. Sales in our fiber and cable products in the third quarter were $216 million and slightly higher than second quarter.  Fiber volume in the third quarter was up in the mid teens sequentially.  Fiber pricing was flat.  As a reminder, our customers can purchase Corning fiber through an outside cabler or through our own cabling operations.  Some of the fiber that was shipped to our cabler, again, in the third quarter did not get sold until the fourth quarter. Sales and profits for us, are only recognized when cable fiber is sold to an outside third party.  We have seen this occur throughout the industry as customers have shortened earlier lead times forcing cablers to keep more inventory on hand.  The telecom segment second incurred a net loss of $30 million in the third quarter but that includes the restructuring charge of $28 million after tax. In our other reportable business, sales in the third quarter were $87 million.  Slightly lower than the second quarter.  Equity earnings for Dow Corning were $58 million in the third quarter and within our guidance range. Now, moving to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $2.4 billion in cash and short-term equivalents.  And that compares to about $2.1 billion at the end the second quarter.  The most significant cash inflow during the quarter was the $141 million in customer deposits net of credits.  The most significant outflow in the second quarter was $378 million in capital expenditures mostly for display expansions.  Free cash flow during the third quarter was $219 million. We continued to make progress on our debt reduction program during the quarter.  In September, substantially all of our holders of 96 million in convertible notes, elected to convert to common stock.  On the conversion, we issued 6 million shares of stock.  As a reminder, these shares were already included in our diluted weighted shares outstanding.  We're happy to report the Company reached a new financial milestone in the third quarter, as our cash and short-term investments exceeded our debt by more than $300 million.  Also, during the quarter, Moody's upgraded our in debt rating to investment grade.  All three rating agencies currently have us at investment grade with stable outlook. In the fourth quarter we you will see us a paying off the remainder amount of the zero coupon debt for approximately $275 million, using cash.  Our cash and debt will fall.  We expect to end the year with debt of approximately $1.9 billion.  After this payment is concluded we will be finished with our balance sheet restructuring program. Now, turning to the outlook.  I would like to wrap up by providing some guidance for the fourth quarter.  We are expecting revenues in the range of $1.18 billion to $1.24 billion and EPS in the range of $0.21 to $0.23 per share before special items.  Although, the revenue and EPS ranges, for the most part, are higher than current Street estimates; I thought I would provide more color in the light of our strong thirds quarter results. As a reminder, our telecom, environmental and life sciences segment has historically been weaker in the fourth quarter due to seasonality.  In addition, our third quarter EPS contained the $0.02 from tax adjustments that will not repeat in the fourth quarter.  Our selling and administrative spending will also likely return to normal levels in the fourth quarter. Moving down the income statement for your modeling purposes.  Gross margins for the Company should be between 43% and 45%.  Our gross margin guidance reflects the potential impact of LCD class price declines, lower fiber volume and the continued complexity of adding new LCD glass capacity.  SG&A is expected to be between 16% and 17% of sales.  RD&E is expected to be around 10% of sales.  We anticipate equity earnings to be slightly lower than the third quarter.  That point in time will be impacted by normal seasonal fourth quarter declines.  As a result, we believe equity earnings for Dow Corning will be around $50 million in the fourth quarter. Regarding our tax rate, it remains difficult to forecast given the change in mix over domestic and international earnings.  For modeling purposes, you should use a range of 20% to 25% in the fourth quarter.  Lastly, you should use 1.56 billion shares for the fourth quarter in calculating EPS before special items.  Now, one note on the impact of foreign exchange on our guidance.  We ordinarily do not forecast any change in foreign exchange for translation purposes within our guidance.  However, our guidance for the fourth quarter does assume the end of dollar rate of approximately $1.15 versus the $1.11 average for translation occurred in the third quarter.  The end of dollar rate moves to $1.20.  We estimate the overall sales will be impacted by $22 million and our NPAT by approximately $11 million.  This includes the benefit from our hedge portfolio. In the display segment, we are forecasting sequential volume growth for our wholly owned business to be up 5% to 15% in the fourth quarter.  The level of volume growth will be dependent on our ability to add larger size glass production during the quarter.  As well as our customers' ability to continue to ramp their new fabs.  We are expecting sequential LCD glass pricing to be down slightly in the fourth quarter. At SCP we are expecting sequential volume to be flat to up 5%.  Unlike the continued capacity ramps at our customers in Taiwan, the first phases of the Samsung 's Gen7 ramp and LPL's Gen6 ramp are basically completed.  As they discussed during their recent quarter three calls.  As a result, we are not expecting as much glass demand growth from the fourth quarter from SCP.  In total, display segment volume is expected up between 3% and 10% sequentially in the fourth quarter. I know this growth rate is lower than the last two quarters, but as I mentioned a moment ago, there are fewer fabs in the process of ramping this quarter.  This is not the result of weaker demand in the industry.  If we are able to achieve our volume growth expectations in the fourth quarter, our growth for the year will be between 62% and 65%, which is higher than our original expectations. We also believe that 2006 will be another strong year for LCD glass demand.  Driven principally by LCD television but LCD monitor penetration will also contribute significantly. We're currently seeing some additional supply from competitors for Gen6 now.  Which is not a surprise to us.  We have been in the Gen6 market for over two years now.  And more competition was going to come eventually.  It just took longer than we thought.  This will cause more price competition than we had in the second and third quarter.  We have prepared for this competition and continue to have the lead in large sizes.  And expect to win in competition on Gen6, just as we do on Gen5. As a reminder, LCD glass is a technology industry.  There will always be competition and there will always be price pressure.  We will need to continue to do what we said we would.  Drive down our costs equal to or greater than our price declines.  Our competition has been focusing their time and attention the last two years trying to develop these larger sized substrates; we have been using that time to work on our manufacturing process and reduce our costs substantially.  We believe our second and third quarter performance provides evidence of our progress. In the telecom segment, we expect sales to be down 4% to 7% sequentially.  Fiber and cable sales are expected to be down 10% to 15% sequentially, reflecting lower seasonal fiber demand.  Hardware and equipment sales are expected to be consistent with the third quarter, as stronger FTTP sales will be offset by normal seasonal declines.  We are anticipating our FTTP sales in the fourth quarter to grow sequentially. I know some investors will be disappointed we are not providing specific fiber volume or pricing guidance.  Our decision to drop this guidance was based on the immaterial impacts swings in the fiber volume and pricing had on the Corporation's overall results for the past year.  But if we anticipate changes in our fiber business with material impact to results we will communicate those facts accordingly.  We believe providing sales guidance for fiber and cable and the hardware and equipment businesses is more meaningful to our investors. Regarding our other segments we expect fourth quarter sales for our environmental segment to be consistent with the third quarter.  We anticipate higher retrofit diesel volume to be offset by seasonally lower auto-related sales.  Sales at life sciences segment are expected to be slightly lower in the fourth quarter due to seasonality.  Sales at our other reportable businesses expected to be up 10% sequentially in the fourth quarter.  Driven by demand for our DLP and other semiconductor products. For those who wondering about the influence of higher energy costs on our operation, we are currently evaluating its impact.  The impact of higher energy costs is embedded within our fourth quarter guidance.  As a reminder, the cost of energy is a fairly small component of our manufacturing cost compared to our history.  In addition, some of these energy costs are currently hedged into next year.  I will provide further insight during our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to provide some additional information on the overall impact of stock options to our compensation expense next year.  As well as some insight in how we are accounting for it.  As you know, we will be required to adopt the new accounting rules on stock-based compensation on January 1 of next year.  We are providing this information this morning with the strong recommendation that our sell-side analysts update their 2006 models this quarter to properly reflect the impact of stock option expense.  I know that there are a few sell-side firms that already require their analysts to reflect option expense in their estimates.  We are hopeful the majority of you will take this approach. You should note, we will not consider this expense to be a special item for our reporting purposes.  It will be included in our quarterly guidance once we begin 2006.  So, for those sell-side analysts on the call this morning, we ask you to include this expense in your '06 estimates going forward.  We expect our total stock based compensation to increase as a result of new accounting rules by between $60 million to $70 million pretax and after-tax.  The amount is lower than our previous guidance of $90 million.  We have chosen the binomial model to calculate this expense. The impact of higher expense will be reflected within gross margin, SG&A and R&D.  Depending on whether the employee received the options working manufacturing, corporate or in a research lab.  We expect about 75% of the expense to fall within SG&A. 20% in RD&E.  And 5% in cost of goods sold.  You should also note that our stock compensation rewards are heavily weighted to U.S. employees.  Therefore there is no tax benefit recorded on these expenses.  We also expect the expense to be spread relatively evenly over the year.  If you have any further questions to help in your models, do not hesitate to call Ken directly. One last point I like to make before we go to Q&A.  Will all the great detail I went into on the last call about stock trading by senior management; as a reminder, you should continue to expect some members of senior management to sell stock each quarter.  This is not a reflection of their confidence in the Company. Ken?
Ken Sofio: Great.  Thank you Jim and we are ready to take questions now.
