===== 2025 Q2  (2025-03-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Jabil's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Berry, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil's second quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Financial Officer, Greg Hebard; and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's presentation is being live-streamed, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To view these slides, please visit the Investor Relations section of jable.com. After today's presentation concludes, a complete recording will be available on the website for playback. In addition, we will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation, including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Hebard: Thank you, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join our call today. I'm extremely pleased with our strong Q2 results, where the team delivered solid margins and cash flows on $6.7 billion in revenue. When excluding approximately $250 million associated with the divested mobility business in the prior year quarter, revenue increased 3% year-on-year. Core operating income for the quarter came in at $334 million. Core operating margins came in at 5%. Net interest expense in Q2 came in at $61 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income was $245 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.06. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.94. Turning now to our performance by segment in the quarter, our regulated industry segment reported revenue of roughly $2.7 billion as guided. On a year-over-year basis, this represents a decrease of 8% due to expected weakness in our renewable energy and EV markets. Despite this, core operating margin for the segment increased year-over-year by 20 basis points to 4.8% based on favorable mix in the segment. In the Intelligent Infrastructure segment, we saw revenue of $2.6 billion up 18% year-on-year above what we expected in December. This growth was primarily driven by strong demand in our AI related cloud, data center infrastructure and capital equipment markets. The core operating margin for this segment was 5.3%, a 110 basis point improvement compared to our prior year quarter. In our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment, revenue was $1.3 billion down 13% year-on-year due to our mobility divestiture. Excluding revenue associated with the divested mobility business from the prior year, revenue growth for the segment was approximately 4%. This reflects strong year on year growth across our digital commerce and warehouse automation markets, which was partly offset by weaker demand in consumer driven connected living products. On a sequential basis, segment revenue was down 13%, which is consistent with the historical seasonality typically observed in the Connected Living sector following the holiday period. Core operating margins for the segment came in at 4.5% in Q2. Next, I'll provide an update on our cash flow and balance sheet metrics for the end of Q2 starting with inventory. As anticipated, during the quarter, inventory days increased 4 days sequentially to 80 days, which reflects typical seasonality in our business. However, on a year-on-year basis, inventory days decreased by 7 days. Net of inventory deposits from our customers, inventory days were 61, a quarter-on-quarter increase of 5 days, which is slightly above our targeted range of 55 to 60. This was mainly due to timing within our Intelligent Infrastructure segment as we support strong growth. As we progress through the fiscal year, we anticipate that inventory days will normalize into our targeted range. In Q2, cash flow from operations for the quarter were solid, amounting to $334 million. Net capital expenditures for the second quarter were $73 million. For the full year, we continue to expect net CapEx to be between 1.5% to 2% of revenue. As a result of the solid second quarter performance and cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the quarter came in at $261 million, bringing our year-to-date adjusted free cash flow to $487 million. With our strong first half results, we now anticipate free cash flow for the year to exceed $1.2 billion. We exited the second quarter with a healthy balance sheet with debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.4 times and cash balances of approximately $1.6 billion. In Q2, we repurchased 2.5 million shares. The quarter ended with 364 million remaining on our current $1 billion share repurchase authorization, which we expect to complete by the end of FY 2025. Before I move on to guidance for the next quarter, I'd like to wrap up my remarks on Q2 by recognizing the Jabil team's strong execution this quarter. The team's effort have yielded strong results through the first half of FY 2025 despite a highly dynamic environment. The company continues to show remarkable resilience and is poised for future revenue growth, improved margins and robust free cash flow generation. With that, let's turn to the next slide for Q3 FY 2025 guidance. Beginning with revenue by segment, we anticipate revenue for our regulated industries will be $3 billion, down approximately 1% year-on-year, reflecting appropriate caution in the EV market. For our Intelligent Infrastructure segment, we expect revenue for the quarter to be $2.8 billion, up approximately 22% year-over-year, on broad-based growth across our capital equipment, advanced networking, cloud, and data center infrastructure markets. This strength is expected to be slightly offset by lower demand in our 5G end market. In our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment, revenues are expected to be $1.2 billion. This is down 16% year-over-year, mainly due to weaker year-on-year demand in our connected living markets, offset slightly by continued growth across the digital commerce space. Total company revenue for Q3 is expected to be in the range of $6.7 billion to $7.3 billion. Core operating income for Q3 is estimated to be in the range of $348 million to $408 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $282 million to $352 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $2.08 to $2.48. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.50 to $1.99. Net interest expense in the third quarter is estimated to be approximately $61 million. For FY 2025, we now expect it will be in the range of $240 million to $245 million. Our core tax rate for Q3 and for the year is expected to be 21%. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time this morning and for your interest in Jabil. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Greg, and good morning to all those joining our call today. To begin, I'd like to take a moment to thank our incredible team here at Jabil for their commitment, dedication, and hard work in a particularly dynamic operating environment. As the world continues to evolve, so does this team, always striving to ensure Jabil Solutions and our customer supply chains remain nimble, agile and resilient. Thank you. Speaking of nimble, agile and resilient, next I'd like to touch on a topic that remains top of mind for customers, shareholders, and employees alike. Potential tariffs. Consistent with my comments in December, we place considerable value on maintaining a large-scale global manufacturing footprint. And as the geopolitical situation continues to evolve, our ability to adapt, combined with our designation as a U.S. domiciled manufacturing service provider, and our significant U.S. footprint is becoming increasingly important for our customers. And in my opinion, Jabil is among the best positioned companies in the world to help customers navigate these complexities. As a reminder, while tariffs may impact end customer demand, any changes in tariff costs are a pass-through cost for Jabil. Since our last call in December, tariff expectations have broadened, which now include China, Canada, and Mexico, along with reciprocal tariffs. Addressing each of these, for starters, most of our business in China is predominantly local for local -- local to regional, with a very small portion of our revenues generated from that region being U.S. bound. We have extremely limited exposure to Canada. And in Mexico, 80% to 90% percent of our business today is U.S. MCA compliant. While implementation mechanics of reciprocal tariffs are unknown, I believe it does level the playing field for manufacturing as hardware still needs to be built somewhere. Once again, I feel Jabil is well positioned to help customers navigate these complexities. And finally, with 30 sites in the U.S., our manufacturing footprint here has never been bigger than it is today. And while I do feel there could be some challenges to overcome, such as labor, our investments and experience in tried and tested automation lines and robotics will certainly help expedite any lift and ship transfers. I personally feel there is no company better positioned than us to grow manufacturing in the U.S. Moving on to our results. As highlighted by Greg, our second quarter results were quite strong, driven by better than expected growth in capital equipment, cloud and data center infrastructure, and digital commerce. At the same time, healthcare, automotive, renewables and connected living were all in line with expectations from 90 days ago. As a result, the team delivered approximately $6.7 billion in revenue, 5% core margins, and $1.94 in core earnings per share, up $0.26 from Q2 of last year. As I review these results in context with our updated outlook for the balance of the year, a few things stand out to me. First, our strong year-to-date results underscore the resilience and strength of our diversified portfolio where certain end markets like capital equipment and data center infrastructure continue to outperform, while some areas of our business like EDs and renewables continue to warrant caution. We now believe our intelligent infrastructure business is well positioned to deliver 17% growth in FY 2025 on a reported basis and approximately 27% excluding the legacy networking business we exited at the end of FY 2024. With this updated outlook, AI-associated business is now expected to represent approximately $7.5 billion in revenue this fiscal year, as demand for servers, racks, photonics, advanced networking gear, storage, and testing equipment all continue to climb higher during the quarter. This represents an approximate 40% year-on-year increase for AI-related revenue. Contrary to market fears, the deployment of GPU-engineered racks and liquid-cooled data centers continues to accelerate. Our strategy to lead with design architecture and engineering allows us to keep pace with the accelerated development cycles with higher yields at launch. We can now transition from older computer architecture to GPU-led system-level design and hardware production at scale, which has been critical in establishing Jabil as a trusted partner for data center infrastructure build-outs. As we look to future growth in this space, I am particularly excited about our expansion opportunity in India. During the quarter, we announced our plans to expand in Gujarat to support our photonics capabilities. Over the longer term, we expect Jabil to play a significant role domestically in India, as the combination of domestic demand and infrastructure, young workforce, and a business-friendly environment continue to support the manufacturing of advanced technologies and products, including sovereign data center build-outs that are in very initial stages. And secondly, digital commerce with our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment is expected to increase by 14% in FY 2025 as the team continues to help several customers drive automation and retail and digital commerce, be it in the warehouse, in the aisle, or a checkout. And in healthcare, I would like to welcome the team from our exciting acquisition of U.S.-based Pharmaceuticals International Inc. This acquisition, completed in early February, allows us to better serve our pharmaceutical and healthcare customers in aseptic filling and dry oral dosage, which opens up a $20 billion addressable market by enhancing Jabil's existing pharmaceutical solutions offering which includes the development and commercial production of auto injectors, pen injectors, inhalers, and on-body pumps. With PII's advanced capabilities and state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, we're now in a stronger position to meet the growing demand for high-quality drug development and manufacturing in the US. In other parts of our business, we continue to be prudent with our expectations for the year. In automotive, we continue to be cautious with the ED outlook for the year, while at the moment we're not seeing much recovery in the renewable energy space outside of energy storage. Putting it all together for the year on the next slide. We now anticipate approximately $27.9 billion in revenue with core operating margins of 5.4%. Core earnings per share now are expected to be $8.95. And importantly, as Greg indicated earlier, we now expect free cash for generation in FY 2025 of more than $1.2 billion. In closing, I want to say thank you to the entire Jabil team for your dedication and to our investors for your continued trust and support. I will now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. Before moving into Q&A, I'd like to take a quick moment and summarize our call today. We're closely monitoring all things associated with the potential tariff situation. As Mike highlighted, we are extremely well positioned as a U.S. domiciled manufacturing service provider supported by our global footprint and with a significant U.S. manufacturing footprint. And as Greg highlighted, the resilience of our diversified portfolio is evident. Certain end markets such as capital equipment, data center infrastructure, and digital commerce continue to perform exceptionally well. While other end markets including electric vehicles, renewables, and 5G warrant near-term caution. All of this has been considered in our raised outlook for fiscal 2025. Thank you for your time today. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Ruplu, can you please make sure your phone is not on mute?
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Mike, can you talk about your existing footprint in the US? You mentioned that several times. And your ability to support customers who want to move manufacturing, do you think such moves are possible and would that make sense from a landed cost standpoint?
Mike Dastoor: Sure, Ruplu. I think in my prepared remarks I tried to address what we know today. We're obviously a U.S. domiciled manufacturing service provider. We're U.S. headquartered. We've been in the U.S. for 60 years, so we have a lot of experience, a lot of knowledge about the U.S. Today, if you look at the number of sites we have, we have 30 sites in the US all over the place. And I think if you look at the expertise that we have, the knowledge, the experience, and all the capabilities that are required to move to the US, we have all of that. Today, if you look at some of our end markets like healthcare, almost the entire segment in intelligent infrastructure is mainly U.S. based today as well. So we already have a footprint which is generating a large part of our revenue stream. And I think the ability to move manufacturing is obviously based on end markets. Some of the end markets are more price elastic, where prices can be passed on to customers. There are some which are not as price elastic. That will have to be a landed cost determination in terms of what moves and what doesn't move. I think the key takeaway here is, we're here, we have 30 sites, if you go back and look at what we did last year, within six months we started from zero, we didn't even have a site. We started from zero and we set it up, hired all the people, put all the equipment in, did all the infrastructure around the factory and had it up and running in six months. And that's the speed at which we can operate. Now it depends obviously on the end market, but it's highly, highly doable. So, yes, we're actually looking forward to helping our customers if they want to shift to the US.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for the details there. Can I ask you about the cloud revenues? And you raised the guidance for that as well as for AI related revenues. Can you talk more about the opportunity with silicon photonics and how do you see that market growing and your revenues growing? You mentioned Gujarat. Just elaborate on what you plan to build there and how do you see that market trending?
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So I think if you look at the AI piece, I think you referenced that, obviously, Intelligent Infrastructure business is going up from previous outlook and considerably from last year. AI revenue, if you look at last year, it was in the region of $5 billion. I think we took it up to $6 billion at one stage, then we took it up to $6.5 billion. Now we're taking it up to $7.5 million, which is quite a big deal. If you look at the year-on-year growth, that shows a 40% growth rate. So we're really happy with how we're progressing from the AI revenue perspective. A lot of that today, to be fair, is coming from the data cloud infrastructure piece. silicon photonics, you talked about that. I think you're aware we made this acquisition from Intel. That was about 18, 24 months ago. That gave us a capability. That gave us engineering. That gave us clean rules. That gave us a whole bunch of capability to go out and build these photonics and transceivers module. So it started off today we have $300 million to $400 million with hyperscaler. We're aggressively working with the new hyperscaler on increasing that and I had really good thoughts about silicon photonics. In fact, at OFC in a couple of weeks' time, we'll be showcasing a 1.60 capability today from the front end. The 100 to 400 seems to be more applicable. The 800 on the back end today, moving to 1.60 towards the end of this calendar year. So we're really well positioned from a silicon photonics perspective. And like I said today, it's a smaller base, but the future outlook is really good on that one.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details there. Maybe I'll sneak one more in. Just looking at the forecast, it looks like you tweaked down networking and healthcare forecasts for fiscal 2025. Just what should we read into that if anything? Thank you so much.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So I think that probably is just a slight -- it's not on the switch, it's not on the gear, it's not on AI related revenue, it's mainly on the 5G infrastructure side. There's a little bit of uncertainty today with the network providers as well. So that's what's causing some of the reduction from our outlook.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thanks for all the details. Appreciate it.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you, the next question is coming from Samik Chatterjee of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Mike, it does seem like when I look at intelligent infrastructure, something changed materially for the positive this quarter, because all through last year, you were doing about a $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion revenue run rate per quarter. You extended that sequentially into $2.6 billion this quarter and you're guiding to $2.8 million. Also you're raising the AI guidance by about $1 billion after raising it by $0.5 billion last quarter. So it just seems like there's an increase in the confidence and I'm just wondering if there was something noticeable that happened during the quarter in terms of either sort of more design wins or more visibility into RAMs that is driving that confidence. And I have a quick follow up after that. Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So I think it's in two main areas. If you look at semi-cap, not in the wafer fab, it works inside more in the automated testing piece. That part of the business is doing really well with the sort of advent of custom chips that need to be tested, newer technologies coming through. The testing requirements are just going through the roots there. So, semi-cap, good sort of outlook there. And then on the cloud data center infrastructure piece, I think that's -- I hear stories of it slowing down. It's not slowing down at all. It's actually gaining momentum, at least as far as Jabil is concerned. So those are the two main areas. Obviously some network and communication, the switchgear offset by some of the 5G infrastructure piece that I mentioned on the earlier call. So I think that whole intelligent infrastructure outlook, again, growth expectations in my books are very robust.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. And then for my follow-up on the margin, particularly on a segment basis, when I look at connected living and digital commerce, obviously there's some headwind relative to mobility on the revenue side, but when we look at margins, what's driving some of the weakness here? Obviously there's probably some revenue leverage, but otherwise how are you thinking about the roadmap in terms of improving the margin for that particular segment?
Mike Dastoor: Yes, I think you hit the nail on the head there when you talked about mobility. That's why the year-on-year comp looks a little weird. We did have one month of mobility in Q2 of last year, which sort of -- which skews the number a little bit. But overall, our margin structure is going reasonably well. We have seasonality. If you remember in Q1, we outperformed on the Connected Living piece by quite a big number and Q2 is normally a slower quarter for us having gone through the holiday season in our Q1 sort of quarter. So I think that's doing well. I think going forward, the CLDC piece, the digital commerce piece is one I'm more excited about. That's literally humanoids, automation, warehouse automation. We're looking at digital commerce, whether it's in the warehouse, whether it's in the aisle on checkout. There's plenty of options there. And then this whole humanoid thing, very early sort of situation there, but has very high potential. And I'm not suggesting that comes in the next six, 12 months, but eventually over the medium to long term, that's another growth engine for us.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning, and thanks very much for taking my questions. Thanks for the comments you've provided so far on tariffs. I'm hoping you can expand a bit on that topic and help us better understand what you're seeing from customers currently in terms of how they may want to respond to tariffs and potential tariffs? Are there a meaningful number of customers that have already started to work on plans to shift sourcing into the U.S. Or told you that's something they want to do, or is it more that customers are working through scenario analysis and planning in the event that higher tariffs do go into effect?
Mike Dastoor: So let me just hit on what we've already covered in our prepared remarks. If you look at the current situation, as we know today, which is Canada, Mexico, and China, I think I addressed all three. The exposure there is minimal. The reciprocal tariffs, no one knows what the mechanics of that will be. It's supposed to be April 2nd. Don't know what the actual implementation dates would be and what it would involve. But I think the opportunity -- yes, I think you have to look at this holistically as well, Mark. You've got to -- we've been -- we're in all these countries. Reciprocal tariff in my view actually levels the manufacturing playing field quite a bit, which means that we can manufacture anywhere. And if you look at the capabilities and the expertise that we have, we're in 30 countries, we can use our local knowledge quite a bit to help our customers there. So overall, the tariff situation, I see that as a net positive. Obviously, the uncertainty could lead to some level of demand reduction by the end customer. We're not seeing any of that today, but that could happen. But that's more a macro level issue than a Jabil issue. I do think the potential for moving to the U.S. Obviously I mentioned earlier, it's very end market focused. I think if you look at healthcare, very difficult to move things around. We're already mainly in the U.S. anyway. So healthcare is a lot more sort of price elastic impact for the -- pricing is a little bit more tolerant of these movements or the tariff situation itself as well. So we've got our intelligent infrastructure business here doing really, really well already in -- most of that is already in the U.S. And I think if you look at digital commerce, connected living, those are a little bit more price elastic, especially on the consumer side, consumer related products. Those will be a little bit more difficult to move across from a pricing standpoint. So we'll have to wait and see how things progress. But it's very early days, Mark. The reciprocal tariffs, I don't know anything about that. And we've already addressed the three countries that we know of today. So I hope that answered your question.
Mark Delaney: That's helpful and understand there's a lot of moving parts here. I did want to make sure investors and we understand what is embedded into your fiscal 2025 guidance with tariffs. Are you assuming tariffs on imports from Mexico and the reciprocal tariffs go into effect on April 2nd? And then similarly, have you tried to bake in any revenue headwinds from potentially higher prices or even just some conservatism because of the uncertainty and perhaps timing to move products around the world? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: So let me again just address China, Mexico, and Canada. The China situation, we have very little exposure of products that eventually come to the U.S. So we're good on China. We have almost zero exposure in Canada. And in Mexico, I think I referred to that in my prepared remarks, 80% to 90% of our business is US MCA compliant. A lot of it is done under the US MCA free trade agreement. We don't know the details of reciprocal tariffs versus Mexico. I know Mexico doesn't charge that big of a tariff on U.S. products. I'm not that worried about Mexico. I think overall, will volumes get impacted eventually? Yes. I don't think that happens in the next six months, Mark. I think this is a much longer term sort of impact that could be some level of pullback towards the holiday season, especially from the consumer's perspective. We're not seeing any of that today. Till things get cleared, I think where our assumptions right now are still very consistent. I think you asked whether we're being prudent, and I called that out a couple of times in my prepared remarks, we're being absolutely prudent for end markets that we're aware of, such as EVs, such as renewables, even some of the consumer piece. Just long term, I'll keep repeating this, we're really well positioned, whether it's shifting to the US, whether it's shifting around globally. I don't think there are that many companies that are actually better suited for this sort of uncertainty or to at least help our customers navigate these complexities.
Mark Delaney: That all makes sense. Mike, I appreciate all your commentary on this topic and congratulations on the solid result and outlook. I'll pass it along.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Vogt of UBS. Please go ahead.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks, guys. I want to follow up on that, but not necessarily on the actual gross margin impact of tariffs but on revenue. And maybe this is for Greg to start. So Greg, I just want to make sure I understand sort of the year-over-year comparison. I know you have the divestiture of mobility last year, but you also exited some legacy networking businesses last year. Is that in sort of the commentary in terms of how you're thinking about the growth rates going forward? Because I thought it was my understanding that in February of last year you had a couple hundred million from that business and a little bit similar number in May. So I'm trying to understand kind of the pro-former growth rate for fed revs. I think you said 3% but it suggests to me that it should be stronger than that? And then I have a follow up.
Greg Hebard: Yes. David, thanks for the question. If we take out that networking legacy business out our quarter year-over-year growth would have been 8.5%. So we had about $300 million of revenue in Q2 of 2024 on that. So again, when you look at that, the growth for Intelligent Infrastructure, which we reported 18% year-over-year, would have been 37% year-over-year.
David Vogt: Got it. Okay. So then my follow-up to that is, if I just take your guidance at face value for the year, I would imagine in Q4 of this fiscal year, you don't have a tough compare. And so what's implied by the guide, and maybe goes back to Mike's point about being conservative, is that you have a fairly meaningful deceleration as we move through the summer months into the fall? Is that a reflection of anything you're seeing from a demand perspective to date or tariff potential impact or just prudence given sort of the uncertain macro? Maybe just kind of help flush that out that'd be great. Thank you.
Greg Hebard: Yes, absolutely. It's all about being prudent given where we are today. So we're just being cautious on the guidance.
David Vogt: Got it. And then I would imagine that -- is that prudence in cloud and data center, autos, EVs, or across the board. I'm just trying to get a sense for where you feel the most caution is warranted given the strong demand that you're seeing in semi-cap and cloud and data center.
Mike Dastoor: Yes, it's a broad stroke across all end markets, David.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks guys.
Mike Dastoor: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. I had two questions if I could. First of all, I was wondering if you could expand on the comment, Mike, that you made about GPU racks and liquid cooling continuing to accelerate. And it seemed like you were tying it into your ability to deliver higher yields at launch of new racks. But I was wondering what does that exactly mean that you're doing and why you're benchmarking, I guess, supposedly better against competition? And then I had a follow-up.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Steve. So my comments on improving yields at launch were more related to our design architecture, the engineering piece, the capability that we have today, where the handshake between the hyperscaler and us as far as it relates to data center build-outs, that's what drives improved yields at launch. The reference to, obviously, servers and racks are doing really well. The GPU related piece is, obviously, a big catalyst for that. The liquid cooling, the acquisition that we made last year is actually going really well. It's opening up so many doors for us in terms of vertical solutions, in terms of individual customized solutions that we can do. And by the way, none of that is even in our forecast. We're still in conversations. It's actually going really well. I'm extremely pleased with that liquid cooling acquisition that we've done and the potential for future growth, again, that was the reason we bought it. We didn't buy it with revenue. We didn't buy it with a whole bunch of incremental revenue that came with it. It was more a capability that we were selling as a vertical and customized solution. So I think -- I hope that again answers your question.
Steven Fox: Yes, that's really interesting. I appreciate that color. And then on the flip side, the auto transport segment, it's still a bit of a melting ice cube for you guys in terms of your forecast. And I was wondering, how confident are you that you have a good handle on what EV production could be like for second half of the year and whether you have any offsets within that segment around like new programs or new content, etc? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yes, I think there are definitely put some takes in that line item we have. And again, we'll be get lot more prudent here. We're not seeing that much of a reduction, but we're taking it upon ourselves to be prudent. We're derating some of the forecast. Some of the forecast reductions are being offset by Chinese OEM, where the China EV markets are really -- doing really well. So I think there's puts and takes. We have some of the power stuff with our largest customer in that end market as well, doing really well. So there's a whole bunch of puts and takes. If we didn't have these puts and takes, you'd be seeing a bigger reduction. I wouldn't characterize it as a melting ice cube. I think it's us being prudent, which is more applicable here.
Steven Fox: Great. I appreciate that color. Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from George Wang of Barclays. Please go ahead.
George Wang: Oh, hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter and the guide. And thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple. I've been remiss not to ask about CTO, especially following the GTC, NVIDIA and [indiscernible] CPO. Just curious, I thought Jabil could be beneficiary on the CPO assembly, just based on leverage of your optics assets. Can you give more color in terms of how Jabil could be positioned to take advantage of the CIPO-based CPO assembly?
Mike Dastoor: Yes, of course. I think we are well positioned. If you look at, I think at GPC, the comments were more around switching gear, not so much on the GPU side. And again, that's where our capability is on the switching gear side. And we have development lines going on CPO. Obviously, we have silicon photonics glued on. We do -- we are using Intel fix where the laser is embedded on the chip, which actually is a benefit today, particularly in light of the laser shortages that we're seeing. So really well positioned for CPO. It's not as big a number today as you'd imagine. It's still in development phase, not just for Jabil, but for other companies as well. I think next one or two years, it starts going up and it probably starts exploding a little bit more in towards 2028, but the growth potential is definitely there. The capability is also there in Jabil.
George Wang: Okay, just a quick follow-up in terms of the transceiver. Three months ago, you guys talked about in discussion in core with the three hyperscalers for 800G now and the 1.60 towards the end. Just curious if there's any progress or development in that front? Or are you guys making incremental progress you can report here?
Mike Dastoor: Yes, there has been progress. I think we're doing really well with one of the hyperscalers. We're quoting for the others. I think, again, I'll mention again, I mentioned before that at OFC will be showcasing a 1.60 capability. That will be another sort of data point for us. I do think that entire silicon photonics market is about to take off considerably for us. And there's not many companies that has a well-positioned, as we are, particularly in light of the Intel acquisition that we made and the capabilities that we have today. But yes, so the photonics is going, in my view, quite well.
George Wang: Great. I just want to squeeze in one more quickly, if I can. Just kind of glad to see you guys raised guidance by $800 million around the server rack was likely driven by your biggest hyperscale customer. Just curious about timing for the ramp. Earlier, you guys talked about the more FY 2026 in terms of the ramp with the custom rack with your biggest customer in the DCI side. Just curious if it has any pull-in into the back half of FY 2025, kind of evidence by strong growth in the segment and the kind of guidance you raised. Just curious if you have any refreshed thoughts in terms of nuance just on the cadence for the ramp.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So I think the increase is driven mainly in two parts. I think if you look at our market share, we are growing our market share. So there's definitely some level of consolidation going on there, and we're winning more than our fair share of the market. And then the end market growth, again, we're not seeing any slowdown there in the end market. That continues to move upward. I think if you look at, it's not just in the U.S., there's areas, other parts of the world where sovereign data centers are just in very early stages. So plenty of legroom for that entire piece, George.
George Wang: Great. Thank you. Congrats again.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Melissa Fairbanks of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hey, guys. Thanks so much. So I had a question about some of the supply chain dynamics. I appreciate all of the detail that you gave us about your expectations for tariffs. I'm not sure if Frank is in the room. If he is, he might be able to address this. But I was wondering if there's been any change in the way your customers are thinking about procuring components. Your manufacturing footprint is what it is, and we know that it's very strong, but either, customers pulling in from future demand or managing how or where they expect you to source materials from? Has there been any change in behavior there?
Mike Dastoor: There's definitely been conversations. There's no point moving manufacturing around the supply chains [indiscernible] country. Yes, so you're actually right. I think the conversations around supply chains being more localized, being more regionalized, I think is ongoing. We haven't seen any major changes. If you're going to lift and move an entire supply chain from one part of the world to another part of the world, that's going to take multiple quarters. That's not going to be an overnight task. I think it's definitely something we are talking about. We're definitely looking into areas and pockets of movement of the supply chain. But you're right, the whole supply chain, manufacturing tariffs, all that doesn't make sense unless supply chain moves with it. So we're in active discussions on all of those, but I haven't seen any major moves which have been completed yet.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay, great, thanks. And then maybe just one quick follow up. You've talked about some of the M&A that you've done recently. Some of it has been very successful, obviously with the silicon photonics and the liquid cooling. Are there any other capabilities that you're looking at that maybe customers are coming to you and saying, “hey, we don't want to do this anymore”, Or “hey, we see this is where our roadmap is going, and we need you to be able to do this”. Are there any pockets there where you see opportunities?
Greg Hebard: So today, I think I'm glad you mentioned, Mike, you mentioned other acquisition, but the one -- the pharmaceutical one that we just did, that's paying good dividends as well. We're getting a lot of interest from pharmaceutical companies on potential dry dosage drugs, aseptic filling. We have 175,000 square feet that came with this acquisition in the U.S. And that, the level of interest actually far exceeds what we expected. I think the whole GLP-1s, the alternatives, all of that, the team that we have there, 300 people. There's a lot of interest in that. From a -- further acquisition, we'll just say, look, we're on roadmaps of all the large companies, trillions of dollars of market cap there. We know what technologies are coming. We continue to make appropriate acquisitions. There's nothing I can tell you where we're going to do this tomorrow or do that tomorrow. While we're constantly looking and now we're actually actively working a few of those as we speak. And that's been part of our [indiscernible]. If you go back over the last 10, 15 years, we haven't made big acquisitions. We've made tuck-in acquisitions, capability-driven acquisitions where we go and identify a gap in our capability and go and fill that. And this whole pharmaceutical acquisition is a great example of that. We identified that gap. We identified the total available market that could potentially open up for us, and that's what we went into. That will be the MO. No change there. Again, good thoughts in terms of future acquisitions then.
Melissa Fairbanks: Excellent. Great. That's it for me, guys. Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Melissa.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Adam Berry for closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you very much for your time. This now concludes our call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-12-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Jabil First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Berry, Senior Vice President, IR and Communications. Adam, please go ahead.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's first quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. My name is Adam Berry, and I'm Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Joining me on today's call are Chief Financial Officer, Greg Hebard and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Dastoor. We're happy to be joining you today from St. Petersburg, Florida. As a reminder, we conducted our September earnings call hours before Hurricane Helene made landfall in the Tampa Bay area, followed by Milton thereafter. Although these storms caused significant damage to the Southeast, our sites in St. Petersburg, Florida and our two sites in North Carolina were all operational within 10 days. The tireless efforts of our employees to get these sites back up and running, considering many of them experienced damage to their own homes and communities was incredible. Thank you to all those that helped. With that, please note that today's presentation is being live streamed. And during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To view these slides, please visit the Investor Relations section of jabil.com. After today's presentation concludes, a complete recording will be available on the website for playback. In addition, we will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2024, and other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Hebard: Thank you, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join our call today. I'm pleased to report that we're off to a solid start for FY'25, with Q1 revenue coming in at $7 billion, up 1% year-on-year, excluding the approximately $1.45 billion associated with the Mobility Divestiture in the prior year quarter. Core operating income for the quarter came in at $347 million. Core operating margins came in at 5% in spite of a roughly 10 to 20 basis points of Hurricane-related impact. Net interest expense in Q1 came in better than anticipated at $60 million, reflecting continued good working capital management by the team. On a GAAP basis, operating income was $197 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.88. Core diluted earnings per share was $2. Turning now to our performance by segment in the quarter. Our Regulated Industry segment reported revenue of roughly $3 billion, down 7% year-on-year due to continued weakness in our Renewable Energy and EV markets. Despite this, core operating margins for the segment increased by 10 basis points to 4.7%. In the Intelligent Infrastructure segment, we saw revenue of $2.5 billion, up 5% year-on-year. This growth was primarily driven by strong demand in our AI-related cloud, data center infrastructure and capital equipment markets. The core operating margin for the segment was 4.8%, a 10 basis point improvement compared to the prior year quarter. In our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment, revenues were $1.5 billion, down 46% year-on-year due to our Mobility Divestiture. Excluding the Mobility Divestiture from the prior year, revenue growth for this segment was approximately 12%, reflecting strong year-on-year growth across our Digital Commerce and Warehouse Automation markets. Core operating margins for the segment came in at 5.8% in Q1. Shifting gears to our cash flow and balance sheet metrics where we continue to see robust results. Inventory at the end of Q1 was flat sequentially at 76 days. After adjusting for inventory deposits, net inventory days were 56, a two-day increase quarter-over-quarter, but as expected and within our long-term target range of 55 to 60 days. Thanks to disciplined working capital management by the team, our first quarter cash flow from operations were very strong coming in at $312 million. Net capital expenditures for the first quarter were $86 million. And for the full year, we continue to expect net CapEx to be between 1.5% to 2% of revenue. As a result of the solid first quarter performance in cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the quarter came in at $226 million. We continue to expect strong free cash flow for the year to come at $1.2 billion. We exited the first quarter with a healthy balance sheet with debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.4 times and cash balances of approximately $2.1 billion. In Q1, we repurchased 1.8 million shares for $232 million. We have $768 million remaining on our current $1 billion share repurchase authorization as of the end of Q1. We remain fully committed to completing the current share repurchase authorization by the end of FY'25. Before I discuss the next quarter guidance, I would like to conclude my remarks on Q1 by acknowledging the Jabil team's strong execution this quarter, which delivered solid results to start FY'25 amid a highly dynamic environment. The company continues to demonstrate high resilience as well positioned for future revenue growth, margin enhancement and robust free cash flow generation. With that, let's turn to the next slide for our Q2 FY'25 guidance. Beginning with revenue by segment, we anticipate revenue for our Regulated Industries will be $2.7 billion, down 8% year-on-year, reflecting continued softness in the Renewable Energy and EV markets. For our Intelligent Infrastructure segment, we expect revenue for the quarter to be $2.4 billion, up 8% year-over-year, reflecting broad-based growth across capital equipment, advanced networking, cloud and data center infrastructure markets. In our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment, revenues are expected to be $1.2 billion. This is down 20% year-over-year mainly due to our Mobility Divestiture. Total company revenue for Q2 is expected to be in the range of $6.1 billion to $6.7 billion. Core operating income for Q2 is estimated to be in the range of $286 million to $346 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $183 million to $263 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.60 to $2. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.69 to $1.27. Net interest expense in the second quarter is estimated to be approximately $60 million. And for FY'25, we now expect it will be $235 million down from what we thought in September. Our core tax rate for Q2 and for the year is expected to be 21%. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time this morning and for your interest in Jabil. I'll now turn the call over to Mike to dive deeper into our strategic growth areas and the exciting opportunities ahead.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Greg. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. As Greg just highlighted, our first fiscal quarter results came in stronger than we had anticipated, driven mainly by incremental strength in our Intelligent Infrastructure segment. As a result, the team was able to deliver strong core EPS, margins and cash flows during the quarter. Furthermore, we distributed the majority of the generated free cash flow to shareholders by our dividend and buyback programs. To summarize, I'm extremely pleased with these financial results and the positive trajectory of our year. As a management team, we're collectively working together to deliver strong core operating margin expansion and consistent free cash flow growth, which will allow us to continue to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders. In a few moments, I'll provide some details regarding our updated outlook for the balance of the year. But before I jump into those details, I want to take a moment to thank the global team here at Jabil for their commitment, dedication and hard work in a highly dynamic operating environment. As the world continues to evolve, this team is working hard to ensure Jabil remains nimble, agile and resilient for many years to come. For instance, during the quarter, our team opened a large scale manufacturing site in Croatia, which currently supports a European based automotive OEM. And beginning in FY'27, the site will also support our healthcare customers, specifically in the GLP-1 drug delivery space as demand continues to exceed supply. The team also relocated and ramped multiple existing programs to the US. As many of our customers continue to seek a broader geographic manufacturing solution. We added to our capabilities during the quarter too through the acquisition of Mikros Technologies, a leader in engineering liquid cool solutions. These capabilities we believe will support our future growth in verticals in both the datacenter ecosystem and other end markets that require thermal management like automated test equipment for semiconductors, batteries, energy storage systems and electric vehicles. And all the while, our team was managing through major hurricanes in St. Pete, Asheville and Hendersonville. I would like to take this opportunity for a quick shout out to our teams for not only taking care of each other, but also taking care of our communities during this trying time. The Jabil culture was truly on display. I'd now like to shift our focus to fiscal year 2025 and our outlook by both end market and segment. I'll begin with Regulated Market segment where we anticipate continued year-over-year weakness in Automotive and Transportation driven by lower global sales of electric vehicles. Over the longer term, we feel comfortable that our Automotive and Transportation business will improve as our technology, agnostic capabilities position us to capture growth in both EV and hybrid vehicle solutions. In Healthcare and Packaging, as we previously anticipated, we continue to execute on a pipeline of new wins including the launch of GLP-1 auto injectors and continuous glucose monitors. As a reminder, due to the long qualification cycles in healthcare, it often takes 18 to 24 months to ramp these programs. However, once these programs are ramped, they generally enjoy very long product life cycles and multiyear stable returns. In Renewables & Energy Infrastructure, the Energy Infrastructure space continues to do well with solid growth in battery power management. This growth is largely offset by previously indicated weakness in renewable applications, primarily focused on solar. Throughout the solar downturn, we've worked hard to better position ourselves as we wait for recovery in the end market. This includes share gains with key customers and operating cost reductions. In the near-term, renewables continue to weigh on segment core operating margins. Turning to Intelligent Infrastructure segment, which is driving the majority of our growth in FY'25. In Capital Equipment, the rise of AI is driving demand for semiconductor fabrication and test equipment, which we expect to continue throughout FY'25 and beyond. In addition, in the Datacenter space, we continue to deepen our existing relationship with our largest hyperscaler with continued strength in their custom AI driven GPU rack integration business. As we had previously indicated, we've also won programs with the new hyperscaler in the silicon photonics side of our business. Over the longer term, we anticipate that our capability investment in liquid cool systems will allow us to participate in solutions that address the immense power and thermal demands of AI server. Year-on-year, we now expect the Intelligent Infrastructure segment to be up by approximately $1.5 billion after adjusting for the exit of legacy networking businesses last fiscal year. Our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment has two distinct aspects. Connected Living, which largely focuses on consumer oriented devices remains under pressure, while at the same time remain bullish on our Digital Commerce business, which has been driven higher by the automation of the retail and warehouse experience. Now let's discuss our global network of factories, which we believe is a significant competitive advantage. Consistent with my comments in September, we placed considerable value on maintaining a large scale global manufacturing footprint. And as the geopolitical situation continues to evolve, our ability to adapt combined with our designation as a US Domicile manufacturing service provider and our significant US footprint is becoming increasingly important for our customers. And in my opinion, Jabil is among the best positioned companies in the world to help customers navigate these complexities. Next, even though it's very early days, I would like to spend a couple of minutes on a topic that has received considerable attention over the past few weeks, potential tariff implications. Here's what we can share as of today. As a reminder, while tariffs impact end customer demand, any changes in tariff costs have historically been largely a pass through cost for Jabil. For starters, most of our business in China is predominantly local for local or local for regional with a very small portion of our revenues generated from that region being US bound. Secondly, in Mexico, our footprint has evolved over the past eight years as many of our customers sought manufacturing solutions that were closer to the final customer. We remain well prepared due to proximity and corporate resources for any reverse lift and shift of operations from Mexico to the US. Third, our US Manufacturing footprint has never been bigger than it is today. And while I do feel there will be some challenges to overcome such as labor, our investments and experience in tried and tested automation lines and robotics will certainly help expedite any transfers. I personally feel there is no company better positioned than us to grow manufacturing in the US. Of course, we'll have to see how all this plays out over the next several years. But right now, I see our large scale manufacturing footprint as a major competitive advantage. Shifting now to full year guidance. And now let's take a moment and explain why we expect higher earnings and margins in the back half of the fiscal year as reflected in our Q2 and full year guidance. This is mainly due to the following drivers. First, as a reminder, our Mobility Divestiture last year makes the historical seasonality more pronounced. And then the ongoing program ramps in the first half of the year in cloud, data center infrastructure and warehouse automation have weighed on core operating margins. Additionally, the anticipated continued recovery of our relatively higher margin semi capital equipment business will contribute to higher earnings in the second half. And lastly, our cost optimization initiatives, which we discussed during our last call will also deliver improvements in margins and operational efficiency as the year progresses. For all these reasons, we anticipate stronger earnings and margins in the second half of the year. Putting it all together for the coming year, we now anticipate approximately $27.3 billion in revenue with core operating margins of 5.4%. Core earnings per share now are expected to be $8.75. Importantly, we continue to foresee another robust year of free cash flow generation in FY'25 of $1.2 billion. In closing, I want to say thank you to the entire Jabil team for your dedication and to our investors for your continued trust and support. I would like to wish everyone a safe, happy and prosperous New Year. I will now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. That concludes our prepared comments. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. Can you talk about the relative margins of each segment and what we should expect for fiscal '25, so for Regulated Industries and Intelligent Infrastructure and Connected Living? How do you -- how should we think about margin recovery in each of these segments, which segment has the most upside to margins?
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Ruplu. So I think for the three different segments, I would expect margins to be north of 5% for, well, three of them. Right now, we're seeing some level of underutilization of capacity on our EV side and on the Renewable side, which is a little bit of a drag, but that means the opportunity for increased margins going forward once these end markets recover a little bit is much higher there. I do see our Intelligent Infrastructure piece above 5% as well. I think that's where we see the biggest level of growth over the next few years as well. So, doing relatively well on that whole piece with capital equipment. Obviously, we're expecting a bit of a recovery in the second half of the year, which is still very much in play today and our margins as you're aware there are slightly higher than our other end markets. From a Connected Living perspective, look, that's mainly all consumer-driven, there is a high level of seasonality especially with Equity One doing really well on the consumer side as always. I think the Digital Commerce piece is a bit that's driving the future that will be high margin, it's new product lines, new technologies, new design engineering capabilities in their high-tech sort of stuff going on in that end market. And I feel really good about that having double-digit growth rates albeit from lower base, but the opportunities are there in all three segments today.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that. Mike, has your expectation for AI-related revenues changed? I think you had guided $6 billion last time for AI revenues in fiscal '25. But since cloud is doing well, do you think your revenues can related to AI can be higher? And can you talk about some of the new opportunities you have in this segment going forward?
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So I do think, I think last time we said it was $5 billion to $6 billion. We did increase that to $6.5 billion. So we -- all $500 million of that increase is in the AI space, about $100 million of that is being driven by semi cap. We already had recovery baked in semi cap, so $100 million there and I reckon about $400 million is on the data cloud infrastructure piece where we seem to be doing really well with our largest hyperscaler. We've actually deepened our relationship there. So again, the AI piece is the one that's going to drive a lot of our future growth, $1.5 billion year-on-year is a big number on that $5 billion base from last year. So that's a 30% growth rate right there.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, got it. And then the last one from me. Can you talk about your capital allocation plans? How should we think about the cadence of buybacks? You did -- can you talk a little bit more about the acquisition you talked about? What is the revenue contribution from that? And what is your focus on further M&A in this year? Thanks.
Greg Hebard: Yes. Good morning, Ruplu. This is Greg. I'll take the first part of that question. So from a capital allocation perspective, we're still going with approach of 80% of our free cash flow going to share buybacks. We are committed to completing our $1 billion share authorization in FY'25. I would say, from a buyback perspective, we'll be weighted a little bit more heavily in the first half versus the second half with the execution of that. But again, we feel share buybacks is a really good use of cash for Jabil as we continue to feel our shares are undervalued and still have a guidance of $110 million to $112 million on the lasso for the year.
Mike Dastoor: And on the acquisition piece, Ruplu, I think you're referring to the Mikros liquid cooling acquisition that we did. It was all around core thermal engineering, cold plate manufacturing capabilities. There's a whole bunch of engineers who've been designing cold plates for a very, very long time. We're really excited to have that team join Jabil. The revenues that we've acquired are relatively small. That's not we did not acquire it for revenue, direct revenue, I should say, it was the engineering capability. This opens up a complete vertical solution for us for hyperscalers, for other cloud solutions and the whole datacenter infrastructure piece as well. The opportunity here is huge. Right now, I would temper the revenues a little bit as a from a direct acquisition perspective. But over the next few years, as we expand vertically in that segment, I think we'll see the benefits of this acquisition for sure.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thanks for all the details. Congrats on the results.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matthew Sheerin: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Mike, I wanted to follow-up on your comments regarding the hyperscale customers. You mentioned that you're deepening your relationship with your largest customer. Could you elaborate? Does that mean, you're just winning more business? Are you doing other things for that customer? And then in terms of that second hyperscale customer that you announced on the Photonics side, could you give us the potential size of that opportunity? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So I think our current customer that I referred to, yes, we're winning new business. We've been working with them for a very long time. There's a very good relationship. There's a very good sort of performance that we've sort of performed for that customer. So definitely good growth potential there. As it relates to the second hyperscaler that was more in the silicon photonics piece, not on the data cloud infrastructure side, it's mainly 100, 200, 400G right now that we're working on. We're actually looking at sort of quoting 800 in the first half of '25 and then 1.60 as we get into '25 or towards the end of '25. And if you recall, we made this acquisition from Intel, I think it was last year. We're seeing the benefits of that acquisition. It's always been our play. We go out and acquire capability. That's what we did with this one as well. And I'm glad to see that it's actually paying really good dividends based on what we paid for.
Matthew Sheerin: Thank you. And as part of the strategy with that new customer for instance to cross-sell the systems integration skill sets that you have, and as you look at other hyperscale customers as well?
Mike Dastoor: Yes, I think the -- if you think of it as an ecosystem, one of the things we've always done with our Intelligent Infrastructure strategy, we're not product-based. We don't go and try and double down on product or just focus on single products. We're providing an engineering design architecture sort of platform. Then we co-design with our customers. We integrate all sorts of vertical solutions. So it's not just a rack and stack sort of business, there's a very high level of complexity and engineering linked to that.
Matthew Sheerin: Okay. Thanks for that. And then for my second question regarding the inventory, you've done a very good job of bringing down inventory, improving cash flows. It looks like you're guiding sort of flattish inventory. How should we expect the back half given that you're going to have higher revenue growth in the back half of fiscal '25?
Greg Hebard: Yes, hi, this is Greg. On inventory, again, there's some cyclicality during the year, but we still feel the range on our net inventory number will be between 55 and 60 days. And in the back half, we would say that would be in the lower part of that range. So we still feel confident we're able to manage inventory to those levels.
Matthew Sheerin: Okay, great. Thanks very much and Happy Holidays.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions from me. First of all, Mike, can you talk a little bit more about the US footprint from a two perspectives. One, you mentioned that you moved some more programs into US in the quarter. Can you give us a little bit color on what was moved in? And then looking ahead, how do we think about just your ability to meet, say, urgent needs to move production into the US, say, over the next six to nine months versus your willingness to sort of add capacity as we see some changes in tariffs? And then I had a follow-up.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So the movements in the US, the ramps that we've had here are mainly in the battery power management piece. We've actually had some businesses ramp even on the data cloud infrastructure side. Look, we've always if you look at the sites that we've grown over the last few years, I think, I mentioned on my last call, the number of sites that we have in the US now is 30, 3-0, that's a big number. So we're constantly moving business across that's our model. We move manufacturing to wherever the customer wants to go and there does seem to be more interest in the U.S today, which we are happy to deliver. I think we're really, really well positioned. If you think of our geography, you think of the locations that we have, you think of the knowledge that we have, you think of all the people, local expertise, et cetera. I think we're well positioned for any sort of move. And I think that's the point I was trying to bring to the table in my prepared remarks. I think this is a really good opportunity for a company like Jabil because customers and even non-customers or potential customers will need help. And that's our model right now. So I think we'll be in a good position to help. Can you repeat your second question, Steve?
Steven Fox: I'm just wondering sort of like how capacity is currently to meet some of these needs in the near-term versus maybe you have to start considering expansions at some of your sites and when that would happen?
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So I think expansion and so one of the things we try and do is most of our factories have land where we have First Right of Refusal on the adjacent pieces of land. So we can do that. I'll tell you one thing, we opened up a factory in St. Petersburg. I think it was in a record time, it was in less than six months. We went down and hired a whole bunch of people, set up the factory floors. So we have the expertise, we have the knowledge, we have the capabilities, we have that experience. Manufacturing is our core. So happy to set anything up for anyone. Today the capacity, we have some level of surplus capacity, but it's not huge. So there will be some pockets of expansion if it comes down to it.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. And then on the cloud piece, you covered a lot of the details already. But I was just curious specifically, as your largest cloud customer moves to a new silicon, like what does that mean for Jabil in general as we see these advanced silicon to roll out? Is that helping your business neutral? What are the general impacts? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yes, Steve. So it's early days, but I do think it'll be a driver of growth, a driver of new business. I think it's -- I think that the custom chip will drive new revenues for Jabil. I can't sort of put my finger on what exactly that means for revenue. We'll provide more color as we move forward through FY'25. For now, we've given our best estimate for FY'25. I don't think FY'25 is going to change that much. We might have a little bit more growth rate in FY'26 and then beyond, I do think there's a helpful opportunity to expand that relationship further.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Happy Holidays.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Steve. Happy Holidays to you as well.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking the questions. I guess first to follow-up on the tariff discussion. Can you give us a better sense of how costs compare in the US relative to Mexico, maybe for example, fully loaded labor costs in the US versus Mexico? And as you're engaged with customers and they're thinking through potentially having to move some of their capacity, do you think the cost is something that they can get that they'll be able to overcome or would they more generally just look to absorb tariffs and maybe keep their business in Mexico when they think about some of the cost differential?
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Mark. The end markets that we're in, I think we need to sort of look at each end market specifically. There are certain end markets, which are more price elastic than others, easier to pass on sort of cost increases there. Obviously, if you move from Mexico to the US, the costs will be higher. The question is, how much of that is it? Is it going to be more than tariffs, can it be passed on, can it be absorbed by our customers? I'll reiterate Jabil, this is a pass through cost for us. It's not something that we absorb. If you actually look back from a historical perspective, we've almost doubled our revenues X the Mobility Divestiture since the last time this administration took office. So I see this as a big positive. I'm not suggesting we grew because of it, but we've grown quite a bit. So it's a huge positive. I think the whole US Domicile corporation piece, the capabilities that we have across the different end markets. But above all, when you're moving manufacturing, automation, robotics, they play a big part. AI, ML that we use across our sites play a huge part in all those decisions. So I think from an automation and robotics standpoint, we're really well positioned to move business across.
Mark Delaney: Okay. Thanks for those thoughts, Mike. My other question is just trying to better conceptualize how you're seeing the business for the full year relative to your prior outlook. Company B earnings relative to its guidance in 1Q by $0.15, you took up the full year EPS guidance by $0.10. So it does imply at least just from the basic math that there's slightly lower expectation for earnings for the next three quarters relative to what you'd previously been expecting. Are you actually seeing any meaningful change over the next three quarters in the business environment or is that just putting too fine a point on the old versus new EPS guidance? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: So I think it's puts and takes. The piece that we're most excited about is the data cloud infrastructure. We took that up. I think if you look at some of the other end markets, we adjusted our automotive down a little bit post-election. There's uncertainty, especially on the EV side. As we transition from EVs to hybrids, that comes back. So we have definite, we have the capabilities to help companies navigate this transition from EV to hybrid, maybe hybrids come back to EVs. We'll be right in the middle of it, but for FY'25, we're just being a little bit more prudent. Renewables is another one. I think if you look at some of the solar plays, I think we're just being a little bit more cautious, particularly post-election. So I think it's a series of puts and takes, Mark. And we're, overall, we're trying to be as prudent as we can on our forward-looking guidance.
Mark Delaney: Thank you and Happy Holidays.
Mike Dastoor: Happy Holidays. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from George Wang from Barclays. Your line is now live.
George Wang: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the quarter, strong results. I have two quick ones. So firstly, I just want to double-click on the semi cap equipment. Obviously, you guys dialed up the guidance for this year, implying 25% growth year-over-year. And can you kind of pass out ATE versus WFE? It seems ATE should still have relatively better performance this year. And how about any update on the WFE? Are you guys still expecting modest recovery this year?
Mike Dastoor: Yes, so on the WFE, I think the AI related business continues to be strong. Other parts of the WFE on EVs, autos, consumer all that is weak as everyone knows. There's a little bit of a geographic spread as well with Chinese players still dominating that piece. For us, the biggest driver of growth is on the automated test equipment side that is much, much stronger. I think you're seeing a whole bunch of newly fabricated silicon chips out there, more and more customization, people need the testing, hyperscalers need testing. There's a whole bunch of nuances to the automated testing piece, which is good for us. If you look at some of the scale, as we're looking at, we're looking at first it was the shift to 3NM, now it's 3NM going to 2NM, all that requires additional testing. So I can actually see our shift in this whole capital equipment market shifting from, let's say, roughly 55% ATE to a much larger percentage as well going forward.
George Wang: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up on the SiPho transceiver business. Obviously, you guys are gaining share heading to 800G, 1.60 potentially. And just concerning kind of the next generation design, potentially beyond the transceiver, you guys alluded to some share gains in the medium term just because of silicon photonics on the eventually go to CPO, maybe intermediate term, you have LPO/LRO. Can you talk about some of the upside for Jabil like the silicon photonics design kind of lead to further share gains just as we sort of we had looked beyond the pluggables?
Mike Dastoor: So I think the silicon photonics piece started with our acquisition from Intel last year. So it was a very small base. We've actually done a great job in taking it out today. It's in that $300 million, $400 million range. We do expect with the engineering capabilities that we acquired with that acquisition, the design engineers, the capacity, the experience, we expect to sort of try and get that out to a lot more customers. Obviously, this whole front end and back end on the switchgear piece might have slightly different requirements, but the 100, 200, 400 is what we're doing today for sure. The 800 is catching up next year. And we're already looking at the 1.60. So that could be an exciting piece where we see some level of growth over the next few years. But I do want to caution, it's not a big base to start with. So I think it'll be baby steps on that one.
George Wang: Okay, great. I'll go back to the queue. Thank you. Congrats again.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Melissa Fairbanks from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hey, guys. Thanks so much. I'm not sure if Steve Borges is in the room. If not, I'll just put this out to the team. I wanted to see if we could go into a little more color on what you're seeing in auto and transport over the past earnings cycle, most recent earnings cycle. We've heard of some improvement in the China EV market from across the supply chain. It's also my understanding, you have some new programs coming in transport, like with buses. I'm just wondering about some of the moving parts there and what's incrementally weaker?
Mike Dastoor: Right. So Melissa, on the EV side, obviously, there's a little bit of weakness right now, especially again, post-election. There's a little bit of uncertainty there. We're well positioned from a capability standpoint. So one of the things we've obviously done is pivoted, not pivotable. We've always played in those capabilities that go across different platforms. They go across the ICE platform, they go across hybrid, they go across EVs as well. So I do think as we transition from EVs to maybe hybrids, back to EVs, we're well positioned regardless we're almost. And I think I use the word technology agnostic on my prepared remarks. I think the China play is very much the play that is -- it's up right now. Europe and the US on the EV side are not doing as well as the China play. So we're definitely participating in that. Transport, we have an agricultural sort of element in there. That's a little bit slow to recover. We do have transportation in other sort of segments as well. I think overall, overall, the EV business, I don't expect it to show some big growth rates suddenly in FY'25, maybe not even in FY'26. But I do think we have the potential to play in multiple platforms. And I do think the China play at some point in time will softened a little bit. We're just being prudent again on that whole piece, Melissa.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay. Great. That's great color. Thank you. As a follow-up, this is something that I get asked constantly, and you may or may not be able to answer it quite yet. When Mobility was a piece of the business, the seasonality of the model was a little bit easier to predict. I know with the resegmentation, a lot of people are trying to parse through. Is there any pattern of seasonality within either of the -- any of the three segments or do we just kind of there are too many moving parts at this point, none of them are as big as mobility was as a monolith to move things?
Mike Dastoor: Absolutely, there's a little bit of that where it is all across the board. The Mobility piece, I think we need to clarify a little bit as well. Q3 and Q4 historically have always been ramp orders in that Mobility space, and that was always dilutive to our margins. I reckon first half versus second half on that, that's why we feel good about the margins is maybe it's a 25, 30 bps sort of impact, positive impact to margins because of the Mobility Divestiture. I just want to since you brought up the margin question, we do have some ramps in the first half, especially in the DCI and warehouse automation side. We did the higher margin semi cap business, the recovery is mainly second half baked in. So I think there's multiple reasons. And then if you top that up with our cost optimization initiatives where Q4 will be the biggest beneficiary of that. That could be a 10, 20 bps pickup there as well. So there's multiple reasons for the first half, second half story. It's balanced across three or four reasons that I just talked about, not just the Mobility piece.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay.
Greg Hebard: Melissa, this is Greg. Just one other thing to add on the seasonality and more just on the capital intensity of the Mobility business that was divested. CapEx going forward, we see this now below 2%, where the Mobility business was very capital intensive. So definitely going to see free cash flow improving with the divestiture and that CapEx line going down.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay, great. Thanks so much. That's super helpful. That's all for me. Happy Holidays, guys.
Mike Dastoor: Happy Holidays, Melissa.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Manmohanpreet Singh: Hi. This is MP on for Samik Chatterjee. Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is around like I was saying despite some upward revisions to volume for FY'25. Your expectations for operating margins are similar to prior. So should we think that you are embedding some level of conservatism there?
Mike Dastoor: I wouldn't call it appropriate conservatism. It's not -- we're not being overly conservative or not I think these are the numbers that we provided, the guidance that we provided, I think, are actually extremely valid. I don't I wouldn't say conservative or aggressive, they're appropriate.
Manmohanpreet Singh: Okay. So another question I had is like can you please help us dissect the impact of potential repeal of EV tax credit in US and like how big an impact can that be for your automotive or EV business?
Mike Dastoor: Sorry, can you repeat that? I missed the main part of the question.
Manmohanpreet Singh: Can you please help us dissect the potential or the impact of the potential repeal of EV tax credit in US?
Mike Dastoor: Yes. The EV tax credit, look, it's going to have an impact on certain OEMs for sure, don't forget, our largest customer in that space has the lower levels of credits, if any, their ability to pass on or their ability to pass on some level of rebates, et cetera, is much higher than some of the other OEMs. I do think OEMs will respond. It's not going to be all consumer impacted. There will be some level of absorption. There will be some level of sort of end market demand. But a lot of that is already baked in. If we were forecasting a huge EV growth, I'd say we'll have to adjust the numbers. We're not expecting that in the first place. So as far as FY'25 is concerned, we're in good shape. We'll provide more color on FY'26 and beyond if the EV credit piece does have a huge impact. My guidance is just my own personal opinion. There will be a small impact. I don't think it's going to be a huge impact to be honest.
Manmohanpreet Singh: Okay. Thank you. Thanks for that color there. And my final question is regarding the cloud and AIP slate. You saw robust growth there and it's also driving upward like large part of the upward revision to the outlook. So any particular, any more color around there like which particular product segment, obviously, which sort of infrastructure is driving more impact to the outlook there?
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So I think I mentioned earlier that we've taken up our AI driven business up by -- from $1 billion to $1.5 billion. The $1.5 billion is mainly driven by, let's call it, about $900 million of cloud, i.e., capital equipment is another driver of that piece. That's about $400 million and then the networking here, the liquid cool switching, et cetera, along with the silicon photonics piece, et cetera. So that's about another $200 million year-on-year increase. So the $1.5 billion is spread out mainly among these with cloud being the main cloud and data center infrastructure being the main driver of that growth.
Manmohanpreet Singh: Thank you. Those are my questions. Happy Holidays.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you. Happy Holidays.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Vogt from UBS. Your line is now live.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks, guys. Mike, one for you and maybe one for Greg. I appreciate all the color on the cloud and data center. Can you maybe talk to the sort of the margin delta from that revenue uplift. I know there's typically in an industry that has some pretty competitive players hasn't been sort of the best gross margin and/or segment margin for you guys. Can you kind of talk through sort of that revenue uplift? And is that impacting sort of your overall margin outlook for the year? And then one for Greg. You talked about capital return, buybacks and dividend, but we didn't hear much in the way of M&A. And I know M&A has been a part of the strategy. Maybe can you kind of talk to where the focus is today. Obviously health care has kind of been a flattish business for you, if I factor in sort of the packaging subsegment as well. Is that kind of what we should be focused on in 2025 and beyond is sort of opportunistic tactical deals in other segments outside of the more traditional datacom and networking space at this point? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: So let me start with the margin question, David. I think Greg mentioned in his prepared remarks, I mentioned as well. The Hurricane did have a 10, 20 bps sort of impact on our margins in Q1. Obviously, that flows through into FY'25. But overall the data, the cloud and data center infrastructure business is that enterprise margin, it's not dilutive. I don't know where that perceptions come from, but it is an enterprise level margin. Our semicap business is actually above enterprise margins. So I think there were nuances to FY'25. We talked about that on the last call. If you remember, we have about 20, 30 bps impact due to our surplus capacity. We do have capacity -- we did open up Croatia that comes online in Q1 and we only get to fill it up in FY'25. We've obviously done a really great job pivoting from the EV end market, which is supposed to be the main driver of that site to GLP-1, the qualifications, et cetera, we take a bit of time, and that's where I suggested GLP-1s will be live in Croatia by FY'27. But overall, look, the margin piece is good. We've set 5.4. If you factor in some of the nuances I just mentioned, it's an extremely healthy margin. So I don't see us going backwards on the margin perspective as well at all.
David Vogt: Great. And Greg on capital allocation.
Greg Hebard: Yes. Hi, David, it's Greg. So on capital allocation, to continue to focus on M&A. We're continuing to look at capabilities that we want to expand on. I think the Mikros acquisition we did in Q1 is a great example of that. In addition to that and we're really focusing on markets for growth and continue to be really thoughtful in that space. And if you look at the certain markets, end markets that we're focusing on, would be health care and the markets Intelligent Infrastructure, where we do see some focus from an M&A capability and focus. In general, though, we're still doing 80% of our capital allocation to share buybacks at this time and that 20% to M&A, but continuing to be super thoughtful in that area to see where we can grow.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks, Greg. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: That's all for our call today. Thank you very much and Happy Holidays.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-09-26 08:30:00) =====
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. It's also our 7th Annual Virtual Investor Briefing. I'm Adam Berry, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. As a team here at Jabil, we're excited to share with you a couple of updates as it relates to our business. This includes some organizational updates as well as an outlook for fiscal 2025. We'll begin today's call with a quick introduction, setting the stage for what promises to be an informative session. Then, we'll move on to our 2024 results, led by Greg Hebard, our Chief Financial Officer. In thinking about 2024, it was a challenging year, no doubt, but it was also a very important year as we took some strategic strides as an organization while continuing to look after our customers, employees and shareholders. For starters, we divested our Mobility business for $2.2 billion, and returned the majority of those net proceeds to shareholders through a robust buyback program. Through this divestiture, we not only improved our diversification in terms of geographic footprint, but we also reduced our exposure to a business that required higher levels of capital. At the same time, the organization persevered in the face of some pretty stiff headwinds. This is evidenced by strong margins, roughly in-line core earnings per share, and strong free cash flows. And we did all this despite $6 billion less in revenue year over year. This suggests to me that Jabil is far more resilient today than when compared to previous downturns. And finally, we reorganized our internal structure to focus on speed, precision and solutions. This approach targets our ability to serve each distinct end market effectively by creating domain expertise in core areas and better positions Jabil for growth. As a result of the organizational realignment, we will transition our financial reporting structure from two segments to three. This change better reflects not only how we operate as a business today, but it also positions the organization for growth. The first segment is called Regulated Industries, led by Steve Borges. It is comprised of end markets that simply demand best-in-class care and manufacturing, as the products built in this segment keep us healthy, safe and moving ahead. In a bit, you will hear about our healthcare, automotive and transportation, and renewable energy infrastructure markets. Next, our Intelligent Infrastructure segment, led by Matt Crowley, has been designed to support end-to-end growth from the cloud to the data center and the networking and communications gear within, as the world further embraces artificial intelligence. And then finally, our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment, led by Andy Priestley, encompasses both consumer-facing products in Connected Living and retail and warehouse automation in Digital Commerce. Again, this enhanced organizational framework will enable greater focus, customer care, collaboration and growth. In a bit, you will hear from all three of these business leaders. And finally, we'll conclude with a business update from our newly appointed Chief Executive Officer, Mike Dastoor. From Mike, you will hear about team, targets, strategy, and why we think Jabil is uniquely positioned to benefit from a recovery through our global capacity and network of factories. But before we jump into the details, please note that today's presentation is being live streamed, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To view these slides, please visit the Investor Relations section of jabil.com. After today's presentation concludes, a complete recording will be available on the website for playback. In addition, we will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified on our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, and other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, we're excited to share our progress and future plans with you. Now, let's dive into the details.
Greg Hebard: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join our call today. I'd like to begin this morning by walking through our fourth quarter results, where the team delivered approximately $7 billion in revenue, $364 million above the midpoint of the guidance range. This was driven by stronger-than-expected results in our connected devices, networking and storage markets. Core operating income for the quarter came in at $401 million, or 5.8% of revenue, a solid improvement of 20 basis points compared to last year. Net interest expense was better than expected, coming in at $65 million, which was due to lower inventory levels and strong working capital management. On a GAAP basis, operating income was $318 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.18. Core diluted earnings per share was $2.30, which is $0.07 above the midpoint of our guidance range. Now, let's look at the numbers by segment for the quarter. Our DMS segment posted revenue of $3.5 billion, which exceeded expectations by $79 million. This was primarily due to stronger growth in our connected devices business, although it was slightly offset by lower-than-expected revenue in the automotive business. Year-over-year, DMS revenue was down approximately 22%. This decrease was mostly due to the Mobility divestiture. Core operating margin for the segment came in at 5.4%, slightly lower than expected, reflective of the mix. In the EMS segment, we saw revenue of $3.5 billion, which was $285 million higher than anticipated. This was driven by stronger demand in our advanced networking markets as we closed out the year. While EMS revenue was down roughly 13% year-over-year, mainly due to the ongoing softness in the end markets like 5G, renewable energy and digital print, we did see solid year-on-year growth across our cloud, semi-cap, and warehouse automation markets. This dynamic drove core margins for EMS to 6.1% in Q4, up an impressive 90 basis points year-over-year. Moving now to our end market performance for the year. Compared to our thoughts in June, connected devices, networking and storage came in better than anticipated, while auto and transport came in slightly lower. All other end markets largely came in as expected. Shifting gears to cash flow and balance sheet metrics, we continue to see robust results. Inventory at the end of Q4 was down five days sequentially, bringing it to 76 days. After adjusting for inventory deposits, net inventory days were 54, which is a four-day improvement quarter-over-quarter. Thanks to disciplined working capital management by the team, our fourth quarter cash flows from operations were very strong, coming in at $535 million. Net capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $116 million and, for the full fiscal year, came in at $661 million, or 2.3% of revenue. As a result of the strong fourth quarter performance and cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the fiscal year came in north of $1 billion. We exited the fiscal year with a healthy balance sheet with debt-to-core-EBITDA levels of approximately 1.3 times and cash balances of approximately $2.2 billion. With that, let's now turn to our capital structure on the next slide. We ended FY '24 with capacity under our global credit facilities of $4 billion. With this available capacity in our year-end cash balances, we had access to more than $6.2 billion of available liquidity. Our debt and liquidity profile are both solid and we believe current maturities are appropriately staggered and at attractive interest rates. We also remain fully committed to maintaining our investment grade credit profile. Moving now to our capital returns to shareholders on the next slide. We have repurchased 5.3 million shares, bringing total shares repurchased to 19.4 million shares, or $2.5 billion, which completed our FY '24 share repurchase authorization. This brings our cumulative shares repurchased since FY '13 to approximately 128 million shares at an average price of approximately $47, bringing our total return to shareholders, including repurchases and dividends, to approximately $6.7 billion. Importantly, included in our earnings release this morning, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase authorization of $1 billion, which we expect to fully execute in FY '25. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders through a disciplined and balanced capital allocation approach. Moving to the next slide. The team performed well in FY '24, operating within a highly dynamic environment. In summary, over the past year, we sold off our Mobility business and used the net gains to buy back $2.5 billion of our shares, all while managing temporary challenges in major end markets like renewables, electric vehicles, 5G infrastructure and semi-cap. However, looking at the broader perspective, the company continues to be highly resilient and is well-positioned for future revenue growth, margin enhancement, and delivering robust free cash flow. With that, let's turn to our next slide for our first quarter guidance, beginning with revenue by segment. As Adam highlighted earlier, we're pleased to unveil this new business unit organizational reporting segment structure today. We will transition our reporting segments in FY '25 from DMS and EMS to three new reporting segments, Regulated Industries, Intelligent Infrastructure and Connected Living & Digital Commerce. This change is aligned with our new management structure and with how we drive our long-term planning and forecasting. For Q1, we anticipate revenue for our Regulated Industries segment will be $2.9 billion, down 9% year-on-year, reflective of softness in the renewable energy and EV markets. For our Intelligent Infrastructure segment, we expect revenue for the quarter to be $2.3 billion, down 4% year-on-year. This is mainly due to us exiting certain legacy networking businesses at the end of Q4 FY '24. In our Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment, revenues are expected to be $1.4 billion. The year-over-year decline is primarily driven by our Mobility divestiture. Speaking of Mobility, I'd like to highlight the seasonality of our business in FY '25 will reflect the impact of the divestiture. As a reminder, our Mobility business typically generated a significant portion of its income during Q1. This means going forward, our quarterly income and earnings progression will more closely resemble our historical EMS business, where typically 40% of earnings come in the first half of the year and 60% in the second half. So, you can expect a more back-half weighted year as we go forward. Moving now to the enterprise guidance. Total company revenue for Q1 is expected to be in the range of $6.3 billion to $6.9 billion. Core operating income for Q1 is estimated to be in the range of $304 million to $364 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $143 million to $223 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.65 to $2.05. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.26 to $0.83. Net interest expense in the first quarter is estimated to be approximately $65 million and, for FY '25, we expect it will be $245 million. And our core tax rate for Q1 and for the year is expected to be 21%, reflecting impacts of Pillar Two global minimum tax legislation and jurisdictional earnings mix. We continue to believe it's prudent to anticipate higher tax rates beyond FY '25 in the range of 23% to 24% due to additional expected impacts from global minimum tax legislation. Moving to the next slide for our FY '25 guidance. For the coming year, we expect approximately $27 billion in revenue, with core margins in the range of 5.4%, while core earnings per share is expected to be $8.65. Please keep in mind, in FY '24, we divested our Mobility business partway through the fiscal year, while we also made the strategic decision to reshape our portfolio away from products in the legacy networking space. When adjusting for these changes, which accounted for $2.4 billion in revenue in FY '24, we believe our organic growth in FY '25 will be 2.3% on a base of $26.4 billion. We are forecasting another robust year for free cash flow generation in FY '25, around $1.2 billion. Additionally, due to the Mobility divestiture, we anticipate lower capital expenditures in the coming year. For FY '25, we expect CapEx to be between 1.5% to 2% of revenue. Most notably, as in past years, we plan to return 80% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and our newly announced $1 billion buyback authorization. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time this morning and for your interest in Jabil. [Commercials]
Steve Borges: Hi, everyone. I am excited to share some details on our Regulated Industries segment. Each of the end markets in this segment plays a critical role in addressing some of the most pressing challenges and opportunities in the world. Let's first start with healthcare. Many of the macro trends we've been discussing for the last several calls remain unchanged. Connected care is creating new markets by enabling remote monitoring and telehealth solutions. Personalized medicine continues to drive improved patient outcomes, particularly in the management of chronic diseases. By tailoring treatments to individual patients, healthcare providers can achieve better results and enhance the quality of life for millions of people. In addition, the introduction of weight loss drugs or GLP-1s drugs are all becoming increasingly important in today's healthcare landscape. New care settings are also emerging, creating opportunities for innovation. As healthcare delivery evolves, we see a shift towards more decentralized and patient-centric models. This opens new avenues for developing advanced medical devices and technologies that can be used in a variety of settings from hospitals to the home. As a result, we continue with a strong pipeline of design engagements to enable connected devices and home healthcare products for our customers. Meanwhile, the tailwinds of growth in autoinjectors, medical devices and diagnostics continues, most especially with the advent of many new biologics and individualized testing platforms. Another significant trend is the need to simplify the supply chain. The complexities of the healthcare supply chain have been highlighted in recent years, most especially during the rise of COVID. There is a growing demand for streamlined and efficient solutions. This need for simplification is leading to expanded outsourcing as healthcare device companies seek partners who can provide comprehensive supply chain management, engineering, design and manufacturing expertise, coupled with the quality requirements our customers demand. We are the largest manufacturing solutions provider for the healthcare industry with great diversification, covering diagnostics, medical devices, orthopedics and pharmaceutical delivery systems. Staying the largest will require us to expand our capabilities and accelerate growth by entering areas of the market with macro tailwinds, which will provide an enormous amount of Jabil TAM expansion while focusing on specific geographies, like Croatia and the Dominican Republic, to fuel that growth. The expanded capabilities and geographies will enable us to further simplify the supply chains for our customers. Internally, the most powerful aspect of what we produce is that, every single day, millions of patients around the world are using a product manufactured by Jabil. Now, turning to our automotive and transportation end market. Our expertise in product industrialization and manufacturing continues to enable innovation in powertrain electrification, autonomous driving and connected vehicle technologies. As the automotive and transportation industries undergo a transformative shift towards the mass adoption of electric vehicles and advanced driver assistance systems to meet global regulations and safety requirements, as well as the associated shift to centralized architectures, Jabil is playing a pivotal role in shaping the future of transportation. We have seen some short-term volatility in demand due to regional changes in EV tariffs and incentives, which has been experienced across the entire automotive industry. The Jabil team has managed this well, supporting our customers as they manage their business through this unprecedented market evolution. Jabil remains partnered with global market-leading automotive OEMs across the most important technology platforms of the foreseeable future, advanced driver assistance and autonomous driving systems, connectivity, electrification and software-defined vehicles. Three of these platforms are agnostic to vehicle type, providing us with an opportunity to support our customers, however they choose. Each year, we continue to add new automotive OEM customers and technology leaders, providing further diversification across our customer portfolio. This positions Jabil extremely well as the automotive industry works towards meeting future governmental vehicle emission targets. Outside of our automotive customers, we remain engaged with strategic OEMs and suppliers focused on advancing precision agriculture. We leverage experience gained from serving automotive customers, as well as capability expertise from across Jabil, such as optics and fluidics, to help our customers bring the most innovative new farming technologies to the market. As the automotive and transportation market recovers, Jabil is well-positioned to capitalize on growth with expanded strategic capabilities, including our new facility in Croatia, which will support the growth of our European automotive business. We are focused on technology collaborations and investments and capabilities that best serve our long-term OEM customers and expand Jabil's role within the value chain. We are committed to delivering cutting-edge solutions that enhance vehicle performance, sustainability, safety and connectivity. Jabil is recognized in the market for our ability to industrialize complex technology designs, develop robust supply chains, and create automotive-grade automation strategies for the next-generation technologies entering the market today. We deliver these highly complex products with speed and quality while meeting functional safety requirements. Now, transitioning to our renewables and energy infrastructure end market. Global electricity demand is expected to grow at approximately 60% through 2040, and renewable energy is at the center of achieving global climate goals. At Jabil, we are leveraging our expertise in manufacturing and supply chain management to support the adoption of renewable energy technologies. In addition, with our U.S. footprint and the Inflation Reduction Act, we are well-positioned to help our customers transition products globally into the U.S., which may allow our customers to take advantage of tax incentives. Our work spans a wide range of applications, from inverters and optimizers to wind turbines, energy storage systems and smart grid technologies. Our success in energy storage manufacturing has positioned us to now extend into the automated assembly of critical elements of grid level storage systems, such as battery modules. This capability is expected to be leveraged by customers engaged in residential storage as the attach rate of these systems rise due to policy changes. Complementing the growth in renewable energy, we continue to add new customers that focus on energy management and building controls. Overall, the design, manufacturing and supply chain needs of renewable energy companies are becoming more complex, which increases their need to work with companies like Jabil. Customers appreciate the fact that we are committed to delivering high quality, reliable solutions that meet the growing demand for clean energy. Our modular and scalable designs allow for flexible deployment, optimizing resource use and reducing costs. I will now pass it along to Matt.
Matt Crowley: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm excited to share some insights into our work in the Intelligent Infrastructure segment and discuss the evolution of cloud technology cycles, including the transformative impact of artificial intelligence. Our segment is dedicated to developing and delivering cutting-edge solutions that support the backbone of the modern digital ecosystem. This includes everything from cloud and data center infrastructure to telecommunications, networking and capital equipment. Each of these end markets plays a crucial role in shaping the future of how we connect, compute and communicate. The evolution of digital technology has laid a robust foundation for today's advancements. Starting with e-commerce in the '90s, moving through Web 2.0 in the early 2000s, and advancing with cloud computing, mobile apps and big data in the early 2010s, each phase has been pivotal. Now, we're on the cusp of a new era. Thanks to artificial intelligence and machine learning. These emerging technologies promise to reshape everything in our lives, from solving major health conditions to seamless autonomous transportation, emphasizing the critical role of cloud infrastructure as an enabler to these innovations. AI is the next cloud technology cycle, revolutionizing the way we process and analyze data, enabling more intelligent and automated decision making. At Jabil, we're at the center of this evolution, providing our customers with advanced manufacturing solutions, they need to stay competitive in a rapidly changing landscape. Our expertise in this segment allows us to support the development and deployment of next-generation technologies to the market. The journey to fully harness AI comes with its own set of challenges that spur innovation and investment. Old compute architectures are inefficient for new models, necessitating the development of massive parallel architectures that drive huge data transfer needs. Additionally, AI requires immense amounts of energy. As processing power demands continue to exceed the capabilities of conventional cooling methods, there's an increase in need for advanced liquid cooling solutions. While liquid cooling has been around for many years, it has traditionally been a way to deliver efficiency. With the explosion of AI and the high-power GPUs required to fuel it, liquid cooling is now a requirement to deliver capacity and will soon be the standard for how data centers address cooling. The pace of innovation associated with today's GPU silicon is twice as fast as legacy silicon architectures. This creates new challenges when launching products from development into production. In our Intelligent Infrastructure segment, Jabil has built engineering and architecture capabilities that allow us to enable this transition of hardware from development to production at scale, while also enabling us to keep pace with the accelerated development cycles we see being driven in the market today. Additionally, as GPU speeds increase, so does the need for high bandwidth interconnect, driving the need for cost and power-efficient photonic interconnect. Across all of these technologies, we are actively investing in capabilities that offer our customers differentiated value for solutions that meet these emerging requirements. One specific example of differentiated capability is our recently announced investment in Jabil's advanced packaging OSAT and process development facility for photonics. This technology will become more important over time, as power continues to become more scarce and the need for higher speed and lower latency inside systems becomes more important. Our investments in this space positions Jabil to be at the center of one of the next innovation cycles, as the industry moves to co-packaged optics and on-chip solutions. In addition to our focus on creating these key capabilities, we're also expanding our footprint in strategic geographies as we scale our support of AI data center buildouts. Our facility in Pune, India, is a key manufacturing site for our AI customers and has executed exceptionally well. And while our demand for manufacturing in India has been driven by AI-related hardware requirements, Jabil has customers across all three of our segments asking us to leverage the region. Because of this, we have recently announced our intention to further expand our footprint in the country. The unique capabilities we have built throughout this technology value chain are core to a strategy that is both agile and resilient, giving Jabil the ability to support massive scale from secular tailwinds like AI, while being ready for whatever comes next in the market. Ultimately, Jabil is a key player within the technology ecosystem, ready to help customers overcome today's challenges and prepare for tomorrow. We're leveraging our expertise to support the increasing demand for advanced processors, high-speed photonics and sophisticated hardware solutions. Our solutions are designed to be scalable, secure and adaptable, helping our customers to stay ahead. I'll now pass it along to Andy to speak about the Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment.
Andy Priestley: Thanks, Matt. Hello, everyone. I lead Jabil's Connected Living & Digital Commerce segment. Today, I'd like to take a few minutes and talk to you about our work in digital commerce and more specifically warehouse automation. When we think about the definition of commerce, it's the exchange of goods and services, especially on a large scale. Commerce is made possible by production and fulfillment. And at Jabil, we are a critical enabler within that ecosystem. Jabil is the largest manufacturing solutions provider for digital commerce and warehouse automation customers. Our expertise and scale allow us to support the largest players in this industry as they navigate the complexities of digitization and automation. Leaders in this market are focused on digitization. In the aisles, electronic shelf labels and other connected technologies are becoming part of a unified commerce strategy. These innovations are transforming the shopping experience, making it more seamless and efficient for the consumer and allowing a higher standard of compliance for the retailer. At the checkout, most shoppers are now using contactless payments. Jabil is a leading provider of point of sale and self-checkout solutions, having over 15 years of experience building and now designing these products. This shift in technology not only enhances convenience, but also aligns with the growing demand for safer, touch-free interactions. Additionally, research shows that most consumers today are likely to choose a business that offers grab-and-go services over a more traditional business model, highlighting the importance of speed and convenience in the modern retail landscape. Another element of the digital commerce system that may not be as immediately visible or apparent is what happens behind the scenes in warehouses and distribution centers around the world. Billions of dollars of goods are moved through these warehouses and fulfillment centers every day, and warehouse automation has seen significant growth. The integration of digitization, automation and robotics in these environments is revolutionizing the way we manage inventory and fulfill orders. E-commerce has more than doubled since 2019 to over $1.2 trillion to-date. This would not have been possible without higher and higher levels of automation being deployed in these fulfillment centers globally. Jabil is working both directly and indirectly with many of the world's largest brands on autonomous mobile robots, automated sorting systems and automated guided vehicles. At Jabil, we're constantly looking for ways to help solve some of the macroeconomic issues facing industry today. For example, the availability and cost of labor, to name but one. Jabil builds over 1,000 warehouse robots a month and powers another 4,000 a month with sub-assemblies that we also make. As we look to the future, we have several exciting projects that look to solve these labor issues with even more creative humanoid robotic solutions. As I have already discussed, digitization, automation and robotics can play a role in a wide range of settings, all of which are designed to increase safety, improve day-to-day operational efficiency, and deliver a superior customer experience. From automated picking and packing to real-time inventory management, these technologies are driving significant improvements in productivity, cost, accuracy and compliance. At Jabil, we're committed to helping our customers stay ahead of this curve by providing innovative solutions that address their unique challenges. For example, we have used our expertise in 3D printing to create solutions that allow our customers to solve technical issues and provide superior products to the markets they serve. We're constantly looking for ways to continue to help our customers become more efficient and meet the needs of their own customers. Our goal is to enable a more connected, efficient and customer-centric approach to commerce and logistics. We look forward to continuing to drive innovation and deliver value to our customers in these exciting and rapidly evolving fields. Now, I'd like to pass it off to Mike Dastoor for closing.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Andy, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Over the last three months, I've had the opportunity to travel to a number of our sites and spend a lot of time on the shop floor with our teams. Let me address a question that understandingly came up a number of times in my travels, and which I believe many of you on the call have as well. I'm often asked, "Mike, are you going to change the strategy? What are you going to do differently?" Well, our enterprise-level strategy is sound and, while I have made some changes to focus the organization more on profitable growth while also reducing risk, I will largely maintain the same direction that has allowed us to be so successful for the past few years. Our diversified approach across multiple end markets with secular trends continues to provide a solid foundation. This approach was pressure tested in FY '24, as we faced multiple headwinds across several end markets and still delivered strong margins and free cash flow. Today, the company is much more resilient than in years past. During my first few months as CEO, I've spent considerable time ensuring we have the right people leading our three distinct businesses. Each of these businesses has a different growth expectation, lead time, margin and balance sheet profile, outsourcing maturity levels and product lifecycle times. It was imperative to ensure our teams remain focused in their respective areas of domain expertise. Based on what I've seen in the last three months, I feel like we've gotten that part right. We have three business leaders in Steve, Matt and Andy that have the tenure and experience in Jabil, solid pedigree, deep domain expertise and know-how to run a global manufacturing business at scale. I also believe we have the right team running our factories, led by Fred McCoy, another nearly 25-year Jabil employee. Fred's unique combination of commercial experience and manufacturing operations will allow us to be more agile and more efficient as the complexities of manufacturing continue to grow. And finally, our supply chain organization is in exceptional hands with Frank McKay. Frank has developed a highly-experienced, long-tenured team with extremely strong relationships in the supply chain over the last 25 years, which, along with investments and advanced supply chain systems, gives me full confidence that Jabil continues to be best-in-class in the industry. This well-rounded enterprise leadership team is already delivering results, securing new business across each of our distinct segments. In Regulated Industries, Jabil continues to partner with global market-leading automotive OEMs, offsetting EV demand softness with new wins, particularly as tariffs dictate the localized manufacturing of vehicles. In healthcare, we will soon be expanding our GLP-1 drug delivery business in Europe, through new wins with existing customers. We've taken our manufacturing and automation and industrialization capabilities designed in the U.S. market and replicated those efforts in Europe, which we believe will result in solid multiyear growth. We've also recently won new programs in the diabetes wearables area. As mentioned earlier, lead times on new wins in the healthcare space due to medical validation requirements means these wins only show up in FY '26 and FY '27. In Intelligent Infrastructure, our team is squarely situated at the center of the data center infrastructure backbone. We lead with design and engineering to build the hardware and infrastructure that will enable artificial intelligence. Jabil is also well-positioned to participate in the recovery of the capital equipment end market during our fiscal '25. Year-on-year, we expect the Intelligent Infrastructure segment to be up by $1 billion after adjusting for the exit of legacy networking businesses Greg mentioned earlier. In Connected Lifestyle & Digital Commerce, our team is driving innovative solutions to address our customers' desire to automate their warehouse and retail environments as labor becomes increasingly difficult to find. As we move through FY '25, our digital commerce business will grow, as we have won new programs with both new and existing customers in that space. Also, while early days, the robot and humanoid end market seems to be evolving rapidly, and Jabil is currently participating in that. At Jabil, we build staff, leveraging our vast engineering capabilities, global footprint and long-term partnerships. Technologies constantly evolve, but Jabil will continue to skate to the park by investing in engineering-led tuck-in capabilities which will allow Jabil to be technology agnostic. For instance, in the automotive sector, Jabil has built engineering capabilities that are equipped to support both hybrid and EV platforms, depending on which one prevails. In the data center infrastructure space, Jabil has built engineering and architecture capabilities that allow us to keep pace with the accelerated development cycles and transition from older computer architecture to GPU-led system level design and hardware production at scale. This, along with our investments in OSAT and power management engineering capabilities, means we're in a good position to offer our customers differentiated value for the solutions that meet the ever evolving requirements in this space. Similarly, in the digital commerce space, Jabil's advanced automation engineering investments uniquely position us to provide automation solutions across various fields, including retail warehouses and robots. Transitioning to our financial priorities and unique approach to the market, it's important to highlight that both will remain consistent. Six years ago, we deliberately refocused our organization with the intention of achieving core operating margin expansion, consistent earnings growth at robust predictable cash flows. To this end, we align the management compensation metrics to better match investor expectations. None of this changes. And importantly, our capital allocation framework continues to be aimed at creating long-term value for shareholders. And when it comes to our approach with customers, we utilize customer-centric work sales that are focused on supporting a single customer. This approach is highly effective and sets us apart from competitors. Regardless of the customers manufacturing location worldwide, a dedicated team supports them across the three regions in Asia, the Americas and Europe. Each work cell provides tailored solutions in three key areas of expertise, advanced engineering-led engagements, AI, ML supported manufacturing solutions, and robust supply chain systems. Currently, around 70% of our engagements are led by engineering initiatives. The complexities of modern supply chains and geopolitical challenges, along with the need for advanced software solutions and manufacturing closer to the end market have significantly enhanced Jabil's value proposition. This increased engagement means enhanced stickiness and margin improvement compared to even five or six years ago. And when you look a level deeper within each of our segments, you'll find an exceptionally diverse array of customers, including some of the world's biggest, most innovative and successful brands. This is by no means a complete list of the customers we serve today, but it's certainly impressive by any standard, especially when considering many of our customers rely on Jabil as the sole source for their products. Now, let's discuss our global footprint, which we believe is a significant competitive advantage. To be abundantly clear, we place considerable value on maintaining a large-scale global manufacturing footprint. However, as the geopolitical situation continues to evolve, our ability to adapt, combined with our designation as a U.S. domiciled manufacturing service provider, is becoming increasingly important as we help our customers navigate this complexity. Following the divestiture of our Mobility business, our footprint has become largely balanced with nearly one-third of our factories located in each of the Americas, Europe and Asia. Over time, we believe there will be further demand for manufacturing that resides closer to the end customer. And for that reason, we will work with our customers that seek to near or re-shore their manufacturing, whether it be a bifurcated approach or simply lift and shift. As this dynamic plays out, I believe our factories in both Europe and the Americas will see considerable growth. Today, we have approximately 40 sites in North America, approximately 30 of which are in the U.S., ready to take advantage of any near or reshoring to North America. With that said, a lot of the world's supply chain is still very much embedded in Asia, and some of our most efficient factories are located there. As we sit today, we currently have capacity in place to support an excess of $30 billion of revenue. Over the near term in FY '25, we expect to carry higher than normal levels of excess capacity. We are doing this because we firmly believe many of the end markets we serve will recover. This underutilized capacity will weigh on core operating margins in FY '25 by 20 basis points to 30 basis points, even after the mainly headcount-related restructuring charges we disclosed this morning. Over the longer term, my team and I strongly believe we're well-positioned to capitalize on significant global trends in sectors such as AI, data center infrastructure, healthcare, pharmaceutical solutions, and warehouse automation, as Steve, Matt and Andy highlighted. As a result, Regulated Industries will grow 5% to 8% with longer lead times, while Intelligent Infrastructure will grow more quickly at 7% to 10%. Over the next several years, we believe Connected Living & Digital Commerce will grow low-to-mid single digits, driven mainly by double-digit growth in digital commerce and warehouse automation. Putting this all together, we believe our long-term enterprise growth rate should be in the range of 5% to 7%. Given this anticipated mix of business, we expect gross margins to be in the range of 9% to 10%. And when combined with operational efficiencies, our 6% margin target remains intact over the longer-term. And when you consider our strong free cash flow generation and consistent returns to shareholders, core EPS should grow between 12% to 15% over the longer term, all of which would continue to drive consistent ROIC north of 30%. In closing, one thing is for sure, it is our people who make us strong. Our people are resilient. So, I just want to take a moment to say thank you to all our employees for their unwavering commitment and dedication, not just to our customers, but also to our communities and to each other. Together, we will write the next chapter of the Jabil story. Thank you for your interest in Jabil. I will now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we wrap up our prepared comments today and we move to the Q&A portion of our call, I want to leave you with one final thought from me. At Jabil, we build stuff and we do it really, really well. And as we sit today, I believe we're focused on the right end markets with the right capabilities and we have a global yet agile manufacturing footprint. And from an enterprise level, you can expect our focus to remain on margins, cash flows, core EPS growth and shareholder return. Thank you for your time today. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. And congrats to Steve, Matt and Andy on your respective assignments. For my first question, I'd like to ask related to the cloud and data center infrastructure segment. Your guidance for fiscal '25 suggests 11% year-on-year growth. Are you seeing any slowdown? I mean, what is the impact from consignment in fiscal '25? And is low-double-digit the right way of thinking about revenue growth in this segment? And if you can talk about what your plan is to expand revenues in this segment beyond your existing customers?
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Ruplu, it's Mike. So, I'll start off, and then I'll hand it over to Matt to provide some more details. But before I start, I just want to thank the whole team here. There's a hurricane blowing outside. We were all hunkered down in the office to do this call, so thanks to the team. As regards to Intelligent Infrastructure, you're absolutely right, year-on-year, we're seeing, I think, the growth rate is about 12% if you back out the legacy network customer that we disengage with. We talked about it on the last call. I talked about it again on this call. So, I think it's a 12% growth rate year-on-year. Now, I'd like to remind you the Intelligent Infrastructure also has 5G in it and it has a cyclical semi-cap business as well. And obviously, in the up years, the semi-cap business will do well. In the down years, it will not. So, overall, if you look at the year-on-year increase, extremely valid over the long-term 7% to 10%, still extremely strong given the other parts of the business that are in this segment as well. So, I'll hand the call over -- I think, from a consignment, by the way, the impact is very small and I think the business that I'm most excited about and that Matt is most excited about is the whole data center infrastructure business that will continue to grow, and I expect that to grow in double-digits as well. Matt, if you want to just take the rest of the question?
Matt Crowley: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Mike, and appreciate the question, Ruplu. Let me kind of focus on the back half of your question around our plans to expand the segment beyond our existing customers. So, we are hyper-focused on executing the strategy that we've put in place over the past 18 months. And a good proof point of that is our silicon photonics business. If you think back to last November, we announced a transaction that brought in capability and capacity. And inside of the first 12 months, we've already seen that pay off, in that we have now landed business with two new hyperscale accounts, which we're currently shipping product into. So, we're hyper-focused on executing there. We believe that our roadmap moving forward on the qualification of 800-gig parts as well as 1.6T, coming in calendar year '25, will allow us to continue to expand our customer base there. We're also super-focused on executing our power and cooling business in the data center. We're currently beginning to ramp our ability to help customers retrofit data centers, which today are air cooled, need to be retrofitted to go from air to liquid, and soon will be liquid to liquid. So, we really feel like the capabilities we've built over the past 18 months in these spaces is going to allow us to continue to expand the customer base. And we've already seen some really nice proof points of that to-date.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that, Matt and Mike. For my follow-up, I'll ask a question on healthcare. Again, looking at the growth rate for next year, 2% year-on-year seems a little low. Is the market itself growing low-single-digits right now? And can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the various end markets within healthcare? Mike, I think you talked about GLP-1. Can you talk a little bit about that? What does that add in terms of revenue margins? And is there a likelihood of another J&J type of deal going forward? So, just any details on the growth rate and what you're seeing in the markets?
Steve Borges: Hi, Ruplu, this is Steve. Let me take that question. The overall healthcare market is growing about 3% to 4%. And we've been challenged this year. I think Mike mentioned this on prior earnings call, with the GLP-1 drugs, they've impacted our medical device segment really due to the reduction of the gastric bypass surgeries. But when I look at the business going forward, and I'll link to your question on GLP-1s as well, but now our healthcare business continues to be incredibly well-positioned. The growth of GLP-1 drugs and some of the new wins that we've been able to obtain, really associated with the injectors that we manufacture. And then, you take a look at just the challenge across the world as it relates to diabetes care, we had some nice new wins with CGMs, minimally invasive device growth, and the need for autoinjectors, generally speaking, because biologics are becoming dominant and with the complexities of the diseases. And so, we've won some exciting new programs. I think in Mike's opening remarks he mentioned fiscal year '26-'27. So, this is in our pharmaceutical business and our med device segment. And we like to say these programs are incredibly sticky. They last for many, many years of steady production, and we have great visibility with our customers. And what's also exciting is these are launching in some of our new factories, both in the Dominican Republic and Croatia. As a reminder, and again, Mike mentioned this, but the complexity of healthcare is really tied to the validation requirements, and then, you have the complexity of lead time for automation. So, new wins typically launch in cycles that are two to three years before you kind of reach that steady state production, but love where we're positioned in our healthcare business. The second part of your question, let me take that, which is the J&J question. There's -- certainly we remain positive. We've seen a strong pipeline that we're positioned on currently and it's at all different levels of discussions. And that's a really solid sign that our healthcare OEMs, they still view divestitures as a potential strategy for moving outsourcing faster. So, we'll see how those transpire over the year, but pipeline is really strong.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that, Steve. Mike, if I can squeeze another quick one in? Just looking at your global footprint, I mean, what is the current utilization? And you talked about an impact of 20 basis points to 30 basis points. Is there -- do you think that there's a need for any restructuring of the footprint? And which end markets do you see investing in over the next year? Thank you. Thanks for all the details.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Ruplu. So, in my prepared remarks, I talked about how after the Mobility divestiture, our footprint is really well balanced, it's one-third in the Americas, one-third in Europe, one-third in Asia. Currently, our capacity is set up for a $30 billion-plus revenue run rate. We've got new facilities in Croatia coming up. We've got new facilities in Dominican Republic coming up. So, there's a whole bunch of sort of capacity that was put into play. So, it was put in place to come up in '25. So, the utilization that we have today, normally, we run around 80% to 85%. Our utilization today is closer to the 70% level. And that creates obviously, a surplus capacity issue. One of the things we're not doing. And then again, I mentioned that in my prepared remarks, one thing we're definitely not doing is going in and restructure or reduce the number of sites, because we believe, and this is a very strong belief, that the end markets that we're in will come back. We feel EVs will come back. We know healthcare will be steady eddy. The growth that we're seeing in semi cap, the growth that we're seeing in the cloud data center infrastructure parts of the business, we're well-positioned for that. When that business comes back, by the way, there will be a decent level of leverage. So, 20 basis points, 30 basis points that I talked about, that is a headwind right now. So, we're not restructuring capacity. I think, we did disclose this morning that we're sort of restructuring some of the SG&A piece, the headcount piece. If you think of the $3 billion or $4 billion gap that we've had in our revenue, 3% of that is, around $100 million, in SG&A. So, we're trying to address some of that. At the end of the day, we're marching to 6%. If we can get our gross margins in that 9.4%, 9.5% range and get our SG&A down to that same 3.4%, 3.5%, you have a 6% margin. It's just pure math. So, that's what we're trying to do here, but we strongly believe that the businesses that we're in, they will come back. So, no restructuring of capacity at this stage.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from George Wang from Barclays. Your line is now live.
George Wang: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I just -- first of all, I just want to ask about capital equipment. Obviously, it's cyclical, as you guys mentioned, but almost 20% growth stood out to me. Just curious if you can hone in a little bit, just talk about the driver behind it. Is this a new win or just say easy compare? Just kind of curious about this strong double-digit growth for the semi-cap for this year.
Mike Dastoor: Matt, do you want to take that?
Matt Crowley: Yeah, I'll take that one. Hey, George, thanks for the question. Yeah, we're definitely seeing some mix shift occurring in the business in our automated test equipment space, because I think there is a pretty clear attach rate there to some of the GPU silicon required to drive AI. So, where customers are trying to get more capacity and more yield out the door for customers, we've seen an increase around demand for the ATE business. I think that's the primary driver. We're also seeing a bit of the recovery coming a little bit sooner than we expected on the WFE side. So, overall, I think that the ATE business and the attach rate to AI is a big part of that increase.
George Wang: Okay, great. Just a quick follow-up. Can you kind of expand and talk about kind of margin for the AI business? Margin seems to be the focal point for investors, kind of, as you guy said high-grade portfolio, fast growing AI cloud business with higher margin. Just how you think about also kind of liquid cooling, kind of OSAT and silicon photonics, potentially higher margin? And quickly, just curious, since you guys re-segmented, not sure if we can still reconcile to this $6 billion AI revenue you guys talked about a couple quarters ago. Besides this cloud and DCI, maybe there's some in the AI networking. So, just curious whether does it still sort of a valid number we should look at kind of from grow by $1 billion to $6 billion this year, or should we just stick to a new sort of disclose of segmentation of $5.1 billion for the current DCI for this year? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah, no, thanks. Look, I think, in general, an easy way to think about margins is that we expect AI margins to be in-line to slightly accretive to the enterprise targets that we've laid out. We're currently, obviously, undergoing a number of ramps. And the way to think about the $6 billion is that it's spread across cloud and DCI, capital equipment and networking. So, as I just kind of illustrated, the ATE business as an attach rate there to AI, our networking business where we're helping customers transition from air-cooled to liquid-cooled switches has a clear attach rate, as well as, obviously, what we're doing in the data center for power and cooling. And so, I think the easy way to think about the $1 billion of incremental growth year-on-year is roughly half of it is being driven by our cloud and data center business, and then the other half is split relatively evenly between photonics and capital equipment.
George Wang: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning, and thanks for doing this call in the middle of a hurricane. I guess, just on the automotive and transport segment, the numbers in the quarter, at least the revenues were a little less than expected. Again, the guidance for the full year, this fiscal year, is down. So, in the near term, I'm wondering how much negative leverage that auto business is creating for you since I assume it's still high margin? And then, maybe more important, like if I think about this business longer term, I know it makes sense to think of further EV growth in the future, but there are a lot of dynamics out there that make you wonder about whether -- how the company is positioned in auto. If you could address whether these are good or bad for the -- for Jabil longer term? Mainly, we're seeing lower-cost vehicles out of China, we're seeing OEMs -- global OEMs having trouble competing in Asia, and you're seeing tariffs rise up all over the world, among other items. It just seems like the auto industry is going to go through some major changes, and I guess I'm wondering if Jabil is positioned well for that. And then, I had a follow-up.
Steve Borges: Thanks, Steve. This is Steve. We kind of hit this at a kind of a broad level and then we can -- if you need to dial in further, let me know. But I think, as I said in the opening remarks, it is going through kind of a transition phase or transformation phase in the auto market. And it has been hampered by higher interest rates, the government incentives, in many cases, have been reduced, and then you have, like, as you mentioned, the overall tariff situation. So, it's been pretty dynamic. And we've seen some pushouts of programs that we had thought about for this fiscal year. But when you take a look at the general consumer challenges as well with the charging infrastructure concerns and battery range, you kind of sit back and you say, geez, there's some challenges ahead. And what I'll say though is despite the challenges, I actually remain pretty excited about the EV market because the growth -- you look at different forms of predictions, but still expected to be in the 25% to 30% range through 2030, albeit that's down from 48%, but that's still really strong growth. And I'd say between the growth rates and our ability to grow new relationships, we -- during this softness, we've added some new OEM relationships. We have a strong pipeline of opportunities. And I'd also say the team has done a really nice job during the softness where they've added other products that are agnostic to vehicle type. And that really shows the strength of our OEM relationships to try to use some of that capacity that we had in place to support their programs. And then, I'll just close with, in addition, we actually launched on time an OEM relationship in Croatia. And so, we're excited about that business as well.
Steven Fox: Yeah, that's -- Steve, that covered pretty much everything except for the short term. I'm just -- maybe just now dial it back and talk about, like, the negative leverage this year as auto and transportation maybe are down a little bit.
Mike Dastoor: Let me answer that question, Steve. I think there's definitely some level of negative leverage there. As you're aware, our Croatia factory that was put up, that's coming online actually this month or in October, was mainly an automotive factory. Some of that has got pushed out. We're actually converting that Croatia factory mainly to a GLP-1, sort of healthcare factory just shows how nimble and agile someone like a Jabil can be. That's the beauty of the model here, but there is definitely going to be some level of negative leverage. The good thing is our revenue is not getting -- going down by 10%, 20%. It's just not going up. So, there's a little bit of deleveraging, but not so much. But there are definitely newer pieces of capacity that are coming online which are getting pushed out a little bit.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, the cash flow targets for this fiscal year are pretty impressive. Can you just walk through the puts and takes in terms of how we see free cash flow go up again towards that $1.2 billion number for the year? Thanks.
Greg Hebard: Yeah. Hi, Steve, this is Greg. Yeah, we're very confident on the $1.2 billion guidance on free cash flow. As Mike spoke on in his remarks regarding free cash flow conversion of being 80% to 100% of core net income, we feel '25 is going to be stronger. A couple of things related to that. We are targeting to take another couple days of working capital out of the cash cycle. And CapEx, we're seeing CapEx being approximately $200 million down year-over-year as we're looking at 1.5% to 2% of CapEx of revenue this coming year. So, really do feel confident on that $1.2 billion.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thanks a lot, and stay safe.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Steve.
Greg Hebard: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Melissa Fairbanks from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hey, guys, thanks so much. I hate to say it, but it seems like we're always running from a hurricane down here during your year-end calls. It'd be great if we could change that pattern. That would be fantastic. So, just to start, I love the new segmentation and all the detail that you're giving us. I think it gives us all much better visibility into the real drivers. So, thanks for that. Matt, you are the popular one on the call today, so I've got a question for you. Up and down the supply chain in the cloud and data center infrastructure supply chain, we've heard of increasing pricing pressure, both from Nvidia on their suppliers or attempts to protect the margins by the hyperscalers as the cost of these compute systems continue to skyrocket. I'm wondering if you're also seeing some pressure from your customers as they're more cost conscious when they're planning out their portfolios, or if this is actually an opportunity for Jabil as to maybe help consolidate the supply chain.
Matt Crowley: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Melissa, for the question. What I would tell you is that we're constantly under price pressure, right? It's part of the business. So, is it a little bit more so than typical? Maybe, but it's something that we have to deal with on an ongoing basis. So, does it afford us an opportunity? Absolutely. And we're constantly looking at ways to consolidate. Are there opportunities in the market that we see that would create more value for our customers? We're constantly looking at that. I don't think it creates an opportunity beyond the typical one, though. So, it's an ongoing effort to manage costs. We'll continue to do it. We'll continue to look for efficiencies that deliver value for our customers, but it's nothing we're not used to.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay, great. Thanks. Maybe a quick one for Steve. So, in the healthcare business, I was wondering if we could get a quick update on the equipment side of things, like the surgical robotics, the imaging. You had mentioned, there's an uptick in GLPs, maybe offsetting some gastric bypass surgeries. Wondering how that's playing through your customers planning longer term.
Steve Borges: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Melissa. So, certainly genomic testing is -- continues to increase where we can kind of get granular on the disease and how to treat it, and so we are seeing growth in our diagnostic space linked to that, which is really exciting. On the general GLP-1 side, as I mentioned before, we continue to see very strong growth in that area of the business. As it relates to the other equipment areas like med devices, I would say that we continue to see a growth rate of that 3% to 4% range currently as we grow in the diabetes area of the business. Robotic surgeries, obviously, is an area that we strategically invested in over the past several years. We've added new customers, and we continue to do more and more of the surgical equipment itself, which is exciting, gives us great diversification and capability expansion as well that can be used elsewhere. So, yeah, we really like where we're positioned there as well.
Melissa Fairbanks: Perfect. Thanks. This may be a question for all of you, or Mike, maybe you can address this. It's something I've been getting asked about. I think I know the answer, but just in case. Wondering how your customers are approaching the upcoming election. If there's been any change in their ordering or planning, or even delays with some of their longer-term program planning?
Mike Dastoor: Yeah, Melissa, there is a little bit of a wait-and-see approach, particularly as it relates to some of the end markets. I think most end markets are okay. I think once that stand out, obviously, are EV's and renewables, there is a little bit of a wait and see. I do think whichever party comes in, I feel good that we'll have a long-term sort of growth driver in both EVs and renewables. I'm not that worried about the election per se. Obviously, there'll be short-term impact, but I think Jabil has mitigated most of that.
Melissa Fairbanks: Great. Thanks. I think that's all for me, guys. Stay safe. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Vogt from UBS. Your line is now live.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks, again, guys, for taking everything, given the circumstances, and please stay safe. Maybe can I just start, maybe go to Matt, I know, Matt, you're answering a lot of questions, but I just want to get a better sense for not just on the cloud and data center side, but as it ties to networking and comms. Obviously, the networking and comms business ex the divestiture is still a little bit weak. How do we think about how those two different businesses kind of work together going forward in terms of demand drivers? And over the longer term, obviously, when we hear from a lot of investors, there's some concern or maybe some fear that there's a degree of digestion that could potentially happen over the longer term. I know you just gave '25 numbers, but just how do you think about your visibility across different programs and how that maybe plays into your long-term thinking about the segment? And then, I've got a couple more.
Matt Crowley: Yeah, let me kind of take them from the back forward. So, if you think about visibility, we have a pretty unique position because we have customers across the entire spectrum of the ecosystem. And so, we have a pretty good view of what's happening at the folks who make silicon for AI, at the folks who then transform it and consume it. And so, we feel pretty good about where things are going. Now, if you think about digestion and you think about near term, we're currently in the midst of helping customers move from air cooled switching gear to liquid cooled switching gear. And so, we can also see the consumption of that on the back end. I think it's going to continue to take off as we move out of fiscal '25. If I address the question on how comms and networking works together, I would tell you, look, artificial intelligence is driving this massive wave in the market, that's probably having more of an impact on our networking business and our comms. And with the 5G installations where they are, which is pretty well publicized, I don't think they're as adjacent as they used to be, but certainly as workloads evolve and new opportunities to drive synergy between those, we'll be able to take advantage of that.
David Vogt: Great. Thank you. That's helpful. And maybe one for either Greg or Mike, whoever wants to take this. So, this is more on the model. When you kind of think about, obviously, making the adjustments for the divestitures, the Mobility piece, the $700 million that you referenced earlier, obviously, I think we're getting some questions about the back-half ramp that sort of implied from an EPS perspective given sort of the year-over-year comp in Q1 and, ultimately, what it probably looks like in Q2. I know you touched on it briefly, but can you kind of help us understand how we should think about utilization going into the second half? And is that the driver of margin expansion on the gross line, or is it really driven by this buyback? I'm just trying to get a sense for how the second half ramps. And is the buyback really going to be upwards of like $900 million in the fiscal year based on sort of piecing together the commentary about 80% of cash flow return to shareholders and your CapEx and upping sort of your free cash flow numbers?
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, David. I do think the 40-60 is critical. I think if you go back to our Mobility days, Q1 was always the big quarter and, Q2, sometimes was a bigger quarter, sometimes wasn't, depending on the Chinese New Year impact. So, Mobility coming out -- the bulk of our seasonality is sort of like an EMS seasonality. We do have some connected living business with our customer who used to be the largest customer and that seasonality does come down in the second quarter. So, there's a little bit of a mixed bag between the connected living, the EMS seasonality. So, I'll ask Andy to provide a little bit more color on the connected living piece first and then I'll jump back on after that.
Andy Priestley: Yeah. Thanks, David. If you look at that connected living piece, we're seeing some muted demand through the consumer. We're taking a pretty conservative view of their demand picture, which I think is feeding into our overall numbers there. And then, as we contrast that with digital commerce, which is much more of a level profile, we're in a really good shape for the second half.
Mike Dastoor: And then, the second half, the margins, I think if you look at the EMS seasonality, our margins in EMS have always been higher in the second half of the year, so no major change there. The buyback at this stage, we're going to be very opportunistic, do buybacks as and when needed. We fully intend to use the $1 billion authorization that the Board just approved for us this morning. So, there's no -- obviously, that will help on the EPS side, but nothing unusual. We'll be just spreading it across the year and opportunistic as and when we feel like.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks guys for all the help, and stay safe.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I have a follow-up first on the data center market. Matt, you mentioned Jabil has won business with two new hyperscaler customers. Can you elaborate on how broad-based those wins are? Does it include assembly and services for hardware and racks, or was it more specifically tied into optical? And anything you can share around the timing for when some of these new program wins ramp up?
Matt Crowley: Yeah. Hey, thanks for the question, Mark. It is specific to optical, but it's an example of how our strategy is working as intended, right? The whole -- what we've attempted to do is create capabilities outside of our core, scaled out manufacturing that allow us to access customers in different ways. And so, while these wins with the two new hyperscalers are specific to our optical business, it gives us access to the hyperscalers to go and demonstrate that we can create value for them in all the other areas of our business. And obviously, with the mass adoption of folks who are trying to retrofit data centers to go from air to liquid, it puts us in a great position to have different conversations.
Mark Delaney: Okay, helpful. Thank you for that. My next question was a follow-up on how you thought about guiding fiscal '25 and more with respect to revenue in the back half of the year. I'm hoping to better understand to what extent you tried to factor in any conservatism in terms of your forecasting by end market. Given what happened last year with some of the volatility, I'm curious if you've changed your approach on how you're trying to factor in any potential market -- macroeconomic volatility.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Mark, we have learnt our lessons from last year, and the second half that we have put in here is relatively booked business. There's no assumptions of a huge recovery in the end market. It's based off of seasonality. It's based off of our regular sort of wins that we have. Some of the wins take a little bit longer than others. There's multiple ramps going on. So, I feel good about the second half of the year. There's nothing in there that would suggest that there's some level of optimism there. It's a pretty conservative number as well.
Mark Delaney: That's helpful. And just lastly for me, and I'll turn it over. In terms of the EBIT margin outlook for fiscal '25 at 5.4%, Mike, you already spoke about the underutilization and how that's a factor year-on-year, but could you go into a bit more depth around any effect on -- from pricing and how this may be factoring into margin guidance for this year? Curious to better understand if there's been any change in the broader pricing landscape given some cyclical weakness that we're seeing in some of the end markets and if that's at all a factor in your guidance. Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. I'm not seeing any major pricing issues. I think the whole industry is doing really well from that perspective. I think it's just a matter of the surplus capacity that we're carrying today. And I talked about that. It's about 20 basis points, 30 basis points, nothing more than that. So, it's sort of -- it's not more than what we're saying, to be fair.
Mark Delaney: Okay. Thanks so much, and wishing you all the best with the hurricane.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, and thanks for all the information so far. My question regarding that exit of your major networking customer. The first question is, is that revenue all out of the model? And in terms of balance sheet receivables and cash flow from that, was that mostly a Q4 or are we going to see some of that in Q1? And then, on sort of bigger picture, obviously, it's a big step for you to exit from a customer that you've had for 20-plus years. And I know the industry, a lot of your peers have also been disciplined walking away from major revenue opportunities, looking at returns and margins. So, question is, have you looked at other relationships in terms of your portfolio back to customers? And is this sort of giving you a little bit more leverage with customers in terms of pricing and returns as you look at forward contracts? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah, Matt, the walking away from a customer, where -- I think I've said it a number of times, for the last six years, we've been focused fully on margins, we've been focused on free cash flows, and we're looking at earnings and return to shareholders. If customers -- we never sort of walk away from them directly. We try to negotiate a price, and if the price doesn't work out, that's when we disengage. So, there's no walking away from customers, but there's definitely a disengagement going on there. As regards to your question on, is it all done? It is all done. I think we call it out on our slide. There was about $700 million of revenue with the legacy network customer in '24. That will not repeat in '25 at all. And all the balance sheet items have also been closed. So, we have a nice amount of sort of separation after 31st of August.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thank you for that. And then, just a follow-up on the end markets. Your renewable energy and infrastructure, it looks like you're actually guiding for growth. And I know we've heard -- I mean, you've had headwinds, certainly in the demand front and so have your peers. So, what's behind that forecast for seeing at least modest growth next year?
Steve Borges: Sure. This is Steve. I'll take the question. Yeah, renewables is slightly up as we've been able to get some new wins in the HVAC space and battery storage. And then, with the IRA and its impact, we've been able to -- in our U.S. footprint, obviously, being well-positioned, has given us some opportunities there as well to ramp some new programs. So that's where it's coming from. We are not -- as Mike said, not looking for a solar residential or commercial rebound in the fiscal year, keeping that flat, but the growth is really coming from some new wins.
Mike Dastoor: And there's some consolidation going on in that end market as well and we've been the beneficiary of that. And it's directly related to the IRA piece that Steve referenced.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. All right, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan Chase & Company. Your line is now live.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my questions, and thank you for hosting the call under the circumstances, I wanted to start with a margin question more in relation to Mike, your prepared remarks, and the reiteration of the 6% margin target that you have. I'm just trying to think in terms of if you have any updated thoughts around what's the revenue scale that you need to get to that margin number. I know you're calling out about 20 basis points, 30 basis points to the 5.4% for fiscal '25, which implies that you'll still be at sort of 5.6%, 5.7% underlying sort of -- if you get to a $30 billion capacity or utilization of the $30 billion capacity. So, just trying to think like what do you need in excess of that $30 billion, how do you think about what scale you need to get to that margin target? Thank you. And I have a follow-up.
Mike Dastoor: I think between $30 billion and $35 billion would get us there. I think what I've said before is gross margins are 9% to 10%. So, if you can just mathematically get to that 9.5% on a gross margin, and you can do that with mix and you can do that with operational efficiencies. If you get to the 9.5% -- and by the way, we've hit 9.5% in the past. In fact, I think Q4 was 9.3% -- for the year...
Greg Hebard: 9.3% for the year.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. So, 9.5% is not a target, that's out five, six years. We've done that in the past. And then, getting SG&A down to that 3.5% number, I think would get us to the 6% pretty fast. I'm not suggesting we'll get to 6% in the next one or two years, but I'm also not suggesting we'll get there in five or 10 years. It's going to be somewhere in the [202X] (ph) timeframe and we'll have a definite path to that 6%. I feel really good about that.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Got it. And for my follow-up, I guess, it's sort of probably a question for you, again, Mike, in terms of the strategy update that you provided, no major changes, focusing more on profitable growth. As you think about sort of your portfolio and the opportunity to sort of keep expanding margins, should we be expecting some level of portfolio rationalization sort of happening every year, or sort of a continuous look at the portfolio to sort of weed out some of the lower-margin businesses and continue to drive the mix higher, or is this the biggest chunk in terms of what's coming out in fiscal '25, and everything beyond that should be really immaterial in that sense? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Over time, Samik, we normally have those sort of portfolio rationalizations anyways. The reason we call this one out was because it was a material one. We have smaller rationalizations going on all the time where we try and get a negative customer back into positive territory and then beyond. If it works well for both of us, we continue. If not, we help them transition somewhere else. But overall, I'm not expecting some big rationalization exercises to take place. I'm relatively happy with what I'm seeing today from a portfolio perspective. Don't forget, some of the customers that have a slightly lower margin have really good free cash flow. So, it's not just about margin, it's a mixed story between free cash flow and margin. And we're constantly working that. One thing I will say, over the last few years and especially since COVID, the value proposition that Jabil provides has gone up considerably. I think if you look at our engineering capabilities, if you look at our manufacturing facilities, particularly with all these geopolitical issues going on, and then you look at our supply chain, which came through very strongly during COVID, I think pricing is not that much of an issue, obviously, every customer will negotiate pricing, but I do think the value proposition that Jabil provides is extremely strong today, and I think that continues in the future as well. So, the portfolio rationalization will be there, but limited.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Got it. And I'll just sneak one in. This is a follow-up to the question David asked you on the sort of ramp through the year. You do have revenue that's relatively sort of flattish through the rest of the year in terms of the implied implicit sort of annualized run rate here, but you're starting off the first quarter with 5.1% margin and implicitly you have to end somewhere in the high 5%s in the fourth quarter to get to the full year of 5.4%. What is the driver there? I think you said some -- you answered it, but I didn't really catch what you were implying. Is it mix, is it something else that's really driving that margin to sort of end up being in the high 5%s by the time you end -- exit the year?
Mike Dastoor: So, there's two or three things. First is the normal EMS seasonality. If you go back and look over the past few years, the second half, from a margin standpoint and an earnings standpoint, has always been stronger. Part of it is mix. I think the mix that we're working on today, particularly in some of the regulated pieces, you have businesses coming through six months, nine months, 12 months out. Second half is looking good. I don't have anything in the second half which is exploratory. Sort of this is booked business, this is confirmed. Will it go up and down a little bit? Sure, but it's not based off of an optimistic return of end markets perspective. It's a conservative forecast. It's just the way the 40-60s working out. It's purely a seasonality, purely the way the bookings are, purely mix. That's how we're getting some leverage on that as well. And that's why you'll see second half is a little bit better than the first half.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. All right. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you. We appreciate your interest in Jabil. We look forward to getting back with you all over the next couple days, and we'll see you soon. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-06-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and thank you for joining Jabil's third quarter fiscal 2024 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Financial Officer, Greg Hebard, and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Dastoor. Over the next few minutes, we will review the following. Review our Q3 results, provide an update on current demand, and preview our seventh annual virtual investor briefing. Before we begin, please note that today's call is being webcast live. And during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within the Investor Relations portion of the website. At the conclusion of today's call, the entirety of today's presentation will be posted for audio playback. I'd now ask that you view the slides on the website and follow along with our presentation, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2023 and other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Greg.
Greg Hebard: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. It's a great privilege to be a part of the call today. I'd like to begin this morning by walking through our third quarter results, where the team delivered approximately $6.8 billion in revenue, $265 million above the midpoint of the guidance range on better-than-expected growth in our connected devices and networking and storage end markets. Core operating income for the quarter came in at $350 million or 5.2% of revenue, an improvement of 40 basis points year-over-year. Net interest expense for Q3 came in better than expected at $64 million. This was due to lower levels of inventory during the quarter, reflecting improved working capital management by the team. From a GAAP perspective, operating income was $261 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.06. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.89, $0.04 above the midpoint of our guidance range. Now turning to our performance by segment in the quarter. Revenue for the DMS segment came in at $3.4 billion, $65 million above our expectations, driven by better-than-expected growth within our connected devices business, offset slightly by the lower-than-anticipated revenue in our automotive and healthcare businesses. On a year-over-year basis, our DMS segment revenue was down approximately 23%, driven primarily by the mobility divestiture. Core operating margins for the segment came in at 4.6%, 50 basis points higher than the same quarter from a year-ago, reflective of the ongoing mix shift within our DMS business. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $3.4 billion, approximately $200 million above our expectations, driven by higher-than-anticipated revenue in our networking and storage end markets in the quarter. Compared to the prior year quarter, EMS revenue was down roughly 18%, driven mainly by lower revenue in end markets like 5G, renewable energy and digital print, offset slightly by good growth in cloud. For the quarter, core margins for the EMS segment came in at 5.7%, up 20 basis points year-over-year. Next, I'd like to begin with an update on our cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Inventory at the end of Q3 came in six days lower sequentially at 81 days. Net of inventory deposits from our customers, inventory days were 58, which was a quarter-on-quarter improvement of four days. As a result of the team's good working capital management in the quarter, our third quarter cash flows from operations came in quite strong at $515 million, while net capital expenditures totaled $100 million, resulting in $450 million in adjusted free cash flow during the quarter. In Q3, we repurchased 3.7 million shares for approximately $500 million, leaving us with approximately $700 million remaining on our current $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization as of May 31st. We remain fully committed to completing the share repurchase authorization by the end of FY '24. We exited Q3 with a healthy and solid balance sheet with debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.2 times and cash balances of approximately $2.5 billion. And as a management team, we are fully committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit profile. With that, let's turn to the next slide for our fourth quarter guidance. For Q4, we expect total company revenue to be in the range of $6.3 billion to $6.9 billion. Core operating income for Q4 is estimated to be in the range of $365 million to $425 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $285 million to $355 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $2.03 to $2.43. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.40 to $1.88. Net interest expense in the fourth quarter is estimated to be approximately $67 million. And our core tax rate for Q4 is expected to be 20%. Before moving to our full year guidance on the next slide, I'd like to provide a brief update on our net interest expense and core tax rate beyond FY '24. We now anticipate interest rates to remain elevated and expect our net interest expense to remain at FY '24 levels in FY '25 and be approximately $275 million. And for core tax rate in FY '25, we anticipate our core tax rate will be impacted by Pillar Two global minimum tax legislation. We will be required to adopt this only in FY '25. We are evaluating the impact this will have. As we sit today, we anticipate our core tax rate in FY '25 to be in the range of 22% to 24%. Now moving on to full year guidance on the next slide. For the year, we continue to expect $28.5 billion in revenue in the face of what continues to be a very dynamic demand environment. Compared with our thoughts in March, our expectations for growth in our automotive and transportation business has softened further. In particular, the market in China has been impacted due to overcapacity, resulting in a surplus of cars affecting local demand there and new global EV platforms that we originally expected to begin launching in the next 100 days or so have now shifted out several quarters. On the healthcare side, we see softness in medical devices, which we expect will create a headwind to revenue in the near term. These declines were offset by strength in connected devices and our AI data center end markets, which today are reported across industrial, cloud and networking end markets. All other end markets are largely in line with previous expectations. Given this updated end-market outlook, let's move to the next slide to review our FY '24 guidance. We continue to expect core margins for the year to come in at 5.6%, a 60 basis point improvement over the prior year. We also expect to deliver EPS of $8.40 for the year. And importantly, we remain committed to generating over $1 billion in adjusted free cash flow this year. With that, I'd like to thank you for your time this morning and your interest in Jabil. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. Before I jump to my prepared remarks, a couple of comments. I am truly humbled by the trust placed in me by Mark and the Jabil Board. For the past 24 years, Jabil has been my professional home and witnessing the company's journey from $3 billion in 2000 to $28 billion is a true testament to the care we offer our customers. As CEO, I'm excited and carry a tremendous amount of gratitude to steward an amazing team. As Greg highlighted, the team has executed well in FY '24 amid a dynamic environment. Considering this, we divested our mobility business, a key strategic decision, we're capturing growth in the AI data center space and we're working towards our commitment to repurchase $2.5 billion of our shares, all while dealing with end-market softness in renewables, EVs and semi-cap equipment, which we expect to be short-term in nature. Yet when you take a step-back and put it all together, the company remains resilient and on track and we expect to deliver on key metrics, including 5.6% core margins and strong free cash flow in excess of $1 billion on $28.5 billion of revenue. More importantly, we remain well-positioned to benefit from many of the world's powerful trends in areas like AI data center infrastructure, healthcare, pharma solutions and automated warehousing to name a few. At the end of the day, the world needs complex manufacturing to enable innovation in nearly everything we do in our everyday lives. Jabil is at the forefront of providing solutions around a rapidly evolving technology landscape, with complex supply chains in an ever-changing geopolitical environment. As a management team, it's incumbent upon us to ensure we're focused on the right end markets, with the most innovative customers thereby delivering incredible solutions. And I think it's safe to say we're right in the middle of that ecosystem today. Moving ahead, we'll continue to reshape our diversified portfolio and remain focused on growing new and existing value-added businesses, driving margins and generating free cash flow. Let me share where I've been spending my time over the last six to eight weeks. I've been focused on our customers, our investors, our suppliers and our people. Some of the key takeaways are as follows. From a structure standpoint, I've chosen an organizational approach that has served us well over the last decade with an intense focus on speed, precision and solutions. This focused approach, I believe, targets our ability to serve each distinct market effectively by creating domain expertise in our core areas and better positions Jabil for growth. From a capital allocation standpoint, we will remain committed to returning value to our shareholders by prioritizing organic investments in our business and aggressively pursuing share buybacks at attractive valuation levels. This balanced approach ensures that we can reward our shareholders while simultaneously investing in next-generation capabilities. All the while, we will take care of our customers and suppliers while treating our people here at Jabil with respect. Turning to the business side of things. As you recall, on May 20th, we choose to rescind our FY '25 guidance. And it's worth noting there was no singular issue that led to that tough decision, but rather three key factors. For starters, many of the end markets we serve remains soft and the timing of recovery in these end markets remains unclear, particularly in EVs and semi-cap equipment. We also expect to accelerate reshaping our portfolio away from end markets and geographies with less attractive risk and financial outcomes. As a result, our revenue in FY '25 may be negatively impacted by approximately $800 million. However, this will set us up to be a much stronger company in the years to come. And lastly, in FY '25, we now expect interest expense and the tax rate to be higher due to a push-out of interest rate cut expectations and the global minimum tax that Greg noted earlier. Over the next couple of months, the management team will be spending a lot of time reviewing our plans for FY '25 and beyond, and in September, I fully anticipate providing a full year outlook per usual with our normal color and commentary surrounding our strategy, the end markets we serve and our anticipated capital allocation methodology for the year. From an end-market standpoint, you will hear how we've aligned technology-driven capabilities in our intelligent infrastructure business to help not only hyperscalers, but also silicon providers accelerate their own technology. Our manufacturing model leverages our automation capabilities to navigate the rapid growth in AI demand, how we're prioritizing growth in certain end-markets like healthcare and energy infrastructure, how we're helping retailers automate solutions in both the retail environment as well as warehousing to robotics, we'll also offer color on the businesses we anticipate deemphasizing in the future and of course, we'll do our best to provide our expectations around our roadmap for the timing of recovery in key areas like renewables, semi-cap, electric vehicles, connected devices and 5G. And when you put this all together, we'll describe how the seasonality has changed and how the capital intensity of our business has improved and the subsequent free cash flows we will generate, given our new mix of business. I am confident that the roadmap we develop will propel Jabil towards an even brighter future. I can assure you that all of these actions will remain squarely focused on driving margins higher in the long-run and generating robust, sustainable cash flow, all while taking care of our customers, suppliers and people. Jabil's success is not the result of individual efforts, but rather a collective achievement of our entire team. Looking ahead, I'm excited about the long-term trajectory of the company. We have a strong track record of talented and dedicated leadership team and a clear vision for the future. Together, we will continue to drive innovation, deliver value to our shareholders and execute for our customers. Before handing the call over to Adam, I would like to take a moment to say thank you to the entire Jabil team for your commitment and dedication to our customers, communities and to each other. Thank you for your time and for your interest in Jabil. I'll now hand the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike, Greg, and congratulations to each of you on well-deserved new roles. I look forward to working alongside both of you. Before we move into our Q&A session, I'd like to take a few minutes to broadly summarize some of our key messages you heard today. First off, our fiscal '24 outlook is on track with the update we provided in March and subsequently reiterated in May. Notably, this includes $8.40 in core EPS, 5.6% core margins and $1 billion-plus in free cash flow. And as we move through Q4, we fully anticipate completing the balance of our $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization. As we turn our attention to the end markets, we remain fully committed to our year-over-year growth plans in our AI data center end markets in both fiscal '24 and '25, which today are reported across our cloud, networking and industrial end markets. At the same time, we're actively evaluating our portfolio to see if there's any opportunity to further optimize, as Mike just described. And for early modeling purposes, please keep in mind that our seasonality in fiscal '25 will be reflective of the mobility divestiture. As such, our quarterly earnings progression will be more like that of our EMS business, where we typically earn 40% in the first half of the year and 60% in the second half of the year. Interest expense in fiscal '25, although rate dependent, is shaping up to be approximately $275 million. And our core tax rate is expected to increase from fiscal '24 to fiscal '25 as a result of Pillar Two global minimum tax legislation. And finally, and just generally speaking, Jabil remains extremely well-positioned to benefit from a recovery in many of the end markets that have proven to be headwinds in fiscal '24. And while the timing remains uncertain, the ultimate recovery will lead to solid revenue growth, further margin expansion and even more cash flow generation on an already installed capacity. We look forward to updating you on these matters and more on our seventh annual investor briefing, which is tentatively scheduled for September 26. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya. Please go ahead.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Mike and Greg, congrats on your new assignments. Mike, what do you see as the biggest opportunity for Jabil over the next year and what do you see as the biggest risk? And Greg, a similar question to you as CFO, what are your main focus areas for the next year?
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Ruplu. I think you're aware I’ve been the CFO for six years and during this time, my focus areas have always been and always will continue to be margins and free cash flow and utilization of that free cash flow for buyback purposes. We still do think we're undervalued. So that's a key area of capital allocation that will continue well with the focus on margins, continuous focus on free cash flow. We're in all the right sort of end markets as well. So from an opportunity standpoint, are there end markets that we're not in? Yes, we'll be looking into that. That's one of the reasons we're structured the way we are in the new organization. But right now, yes, there's some softness in some of our end markets. But over the long term, these end markets are ripe for recovery. And I'm not suggesting that happens in the next one or two quarters. I think we have seen some of that shifting -- the recovery shifting to the right. So overall, from an opportunity perspective, I think the key is when does this whole AI proliferation in almost everything we do. So we're a hardware company. AI is going to require hardware refreshes across the board and we're playing in almost all the right end markets. So I do expect that entire AI proliferation to be a tailwind for us. So that happens in the next one or two quarters, perhaps not right now, it's more data center focused. But over the long-run, I do expect that to proliferate across the entire range of end markets we serve. From a risk standpoint, Ruplu, I think it's the timing of the recovery. I think there's various anecdotes outside externally, internally. Some would suggest things are recovering a little bit slower than we anticipated. Some suggest that it might be okay. So we'll take this time over the next three or four months to figure out our plan. That was one of the reasons we rescinded our FY '25 guidance and we'll provide much more color on our analyst briefing in -- at the end of September.
Greg Hebard: Yeah. Hi, Ruplu, it's Greg. Just to reiterate some of the things Mike just said. Definitely expanding operating margins, it will be a key focus, continuing to generate strong free cash flows, as you saw quite a strong Q3 we had, and then return capital to shareholders. We continue to be super thoughtful on this and believe share repurchase is still a great use of our cash for Jabil.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Got it. Mike, you talked about AI. I mean when I look at things, AI is getting to be a very competitive space. And so how do you see Jabil's investments in AI trending over the next few years? And do you think margins on the AI side trend lower or higher than the rest of the business, given the increased competition?
Mike Dastoor: So, I think you're absolutely right. There is a large amount of competition, Ruplu. Today, if you think about where we play in AI, it's mainly around server rack equipment. As we look at data center building infrastructure, we're looking at power, we're looking at cooling. We're looking at value-add services around some of these data center pieces as well. So there will be a -- margin sort of will slow down, but it will start picking up again over time as we start expanding around an AI data center driven strategy. So, we're looking at other pieces in the periphery, along the lines of silicon photonics, we're looking at OSAT packaging. So there's a whole bunch of things that we look at from an AI perspective. And I think margin does -- it's not going to go jump-up quite a bit right now, but it will go down and come back up pretty fast.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Maybe I'll try and sneak one more in. You talked about some weakening of the auto and the healthcare space. And also on semi-cap, I think you've said that it's weaker than expected. When do you expect a recovery in these? And if revenues continue to be weak, what are some of the levers you have to continue to drive margins and free cash flow? I think you've said margins are a focus. So what are some of the levers you have on the margin and free cash flow side, given if revenues are weak? Thanks for taking my questions.
Mike Dastoor: Right. So, Ruplu, let me try and answer your auto question first. I think in auto, we are seeing some weakness, particularly as it relates to China. I think there's an oversupply situation there. That does impact manufacturing for us local to local and local for Asia -- sorry, local for export purposes as well. So we're seeing some push-out in the whole EV recovery space because of the situation in China. From a semi-cap standpoint, we -- I think our initial expectation was a full-scale recovery in December or January -- in December '24 or January '25. That's pushing out a little bit to the right. And I think you'll see a little bit of a weird situation there where China is a dominant player right now. There is sell-through into China, but a lot of that sell-through is coming from existing inventory. So we expect a Jabil impact to start around the middle of calendar year '25. From a margin standpoint, Ruplu, we do expect all of these end markets to start coming back at some point or the other. So it's not a -- we're not in a full-blown recession where we go and completely close down facilities and take down costs because we lose out when the recovery does come through. So you might see some level of temporary margin impact there. But overall, trajectory and our position when the recovery starts will be extremely strong. And I'll give you an example. I think our -- today, we're probably capacitized for about $30 billion to $33 billion of revenue. And if you look at in FY '25, obviously, it will be considerably lower than that. So we'll have a little bit of surplus capacity. We do want to take that out. I don't think the answer is take capacity out. I think we're going to wait for that recovery to come back and there might be some level of temporary margin impact, but long-term, really well-positioned.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details. Congrats again on the new assignments.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning and congrats, Mike and Greg on your appointments. I guess I had two questions. First of all, just following-up on those last comments, Mike, I mean the guidance for Q4 implies you hit that magical 6% operating margin number. So I'm just curious if you could put that number into context. You just described a lot of seasonality and some mixed markets. So, like, how sustainable is 6% as more of a Q4 number versus like something that's ongoing as you think out to next year? And then I had a follow-up.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. So, thanks, Steve. First of all, I do think there is an amount of seasonality that we see in almost every single Q4. So you'll see margins go up because of that for sure. And I think Adam highlighted even FY '25, when we think about that, we expect the second half -- going forward, second halves to be much more than the first half of the year because of our mobility divestiture. There is some level still of fixed cost recoveries. And when you have fixed cost recoveries, but no revenue flowing through, there is definitely a bit of a margin impact. I do think -- I don't think 6% is what we're going to be seeing. It's not sustainable in Q1. If you look at historical seasonality, Q1, things go down. Q2 is consistent with Q1 and then we see another sort of Q3 and Q4 uptick in margins. So 6%, I would say, has a little bit of one-offs in it and is not sustainable for the first half of the year, but Q3, Q4 of next year, you'll see similar sort of seasonality from a margin perspective.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. And then in terms of your prepared remarks, I guess there's one area I was hoping you could dig into a little bit. You mentioned with your second point, some reshaping geographically end-market is on the table now for next year. Can you just sort of expand on what you saw in your last six to eight weeks that makes you want to sort of, I guess, change strategy just incrementally a little bit? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So, Steve, I've always been focused on margins and free cash flow. I think you've seen that over the last six years. We continue to prioritize margins and cash flow. If we see some level of accounts where the one or two of these metrics don't shape up too well, we're looking at it from a reshaping our portfolio, sort of away from some of those end markets and geographies as well with less sort of attractive risk and financial outcomes. So it spread out a little bit. I would look at legacy networking as one of the areas where you see this, the legacy networking going down, you will see the AI piece replacing some of that. So you'll see an increase in AI, but you will see a little bit of a decrease on the legacy networking piece as well. Again, this positions us really well. So I'm not saying margins will jump up in '25 because of this. But over the long-term in FY '26 and beyond, the margin structure will improve along with better cash flows. I think Greg talked about free cash flows coming in really strong in Q3. We continue to be focused on free cash flows going forward because that's where we think the valuation lies is in the free cash flow.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from George Wang of Barclays. Please go ahead.
George Wang: Guys, congrats on the new role. So I have two parts. Firstly, you mentioned the 3Q driven by connected devices and the networking storage, you also raised the full year forecast subsequently for the two segments. Just can you talk about kind of what's driving better kind of results and outlook for the connected devices and networking? Just, is this a kind of industry growth or kind of share gains?
Mike Dastoor: I think it's probably neither of those. It was a little bit of conservative forecasting from our perspective. If you see connected devices over the last maybe a couple of years, post-COVID, it's been a little bit down and we've always sort of tried to make sure that our forecasts are accurate. In this particular instance, the numbers came in, I don't think we're seeing a big jump-up in the end-market, but I think the whole impact in Q3 was mainly because of the conservative forecasting that we sort of anticipate.
George Wang: Got you. Just a quick follow-up, if I can. I just want to confirm, is it still $6 billion AI revenue for FY '25? You guys talked about in the prepared remarks, you didn't really change the forecast. So I just want to confirm, it's still $6 billion. But also like I just want to hone in on the power and cooling, you guys talked about some of the value-add. Obviously, power cooling has been massive shortage with higher margins. So can you talk about your differentiation and some of the initiatives on the table from Jabil's standpoint to capture the kind of inherent sort of shortage and the kind of the demand associated with power and cooling in the data center?
Mike Dastoor: Let me hit the power and cooling question first. One of the things we are seeing in the data center space, the legacy data centers are going through a retrofit. And at retrofit, we were looking at capabilities there where we can offer services to data centers from a cooling distribution unit perspective. If you look at new deployments, the legacy ones are more liquid to air. The newer deployments are liquid to liquid cooling. Well, we have internal capabilities around that. And we'll be continuing to look at small capability-driven transactions in that space as well. The key here is to expand our service around server rack integration and into the whole data center building infrastructure as well. And we -- I think that will be a big differentiator around.
George Wang: Okay, thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matt Sheerin of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to drill down a little bit more on your commentary on networking, the strength, but also the customer base. You indicated that you may -- to walk away from some of the legacy business, I'm guessing you're talking about the traditional OEM market. But I know that you've got a growing data center and hyperscale customer base, particularly on the server side. But are you also working with those customers on network products like switches? And could you tell us exactly what you're doing for those partners on the networking side?
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. So I think that's a great question. I think you're absolutely right. It's the legacy piece from the networking side that we're sort of walking away from, a lot of that is being replaced anyways by future forward-looking AI, liquid cool sort of switches. We're definitely getting involved in that. We're looking at -- if you look at our silicon photonics piece, we're looking at the whole transceiver business, which gets attached to that space quite a bit as well. So overall, networking and storage, think of it as a transition where we're transitioning from a legacy network to a new era of networking and switching and we're going to be playing heavily on the new networking and switching. At the same time, the legacy business will go down a bit.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And then on the networking side, we're seeing some of your peers have an ODM model where they're actually doing custom work for customers and others are building to customers design. Are you going through both routes or mostly on the more traditional EMS side?
Mike Dastoor: I think it will be a hybrid -- we're not going full ODM. At this stage, we're definitely going to continue in the EMS space. Historically, we've stayed away from competing directly with our customers and we'll continue to do that, Matt.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. Thank you. And just turning to the balance sheet and your forecast for that higher interest -- net interest expense next year or basically flattish. Could you just talk through the capital allocation? I know you've done aggressive buybacks, significant. But why not take-down some of the short-term borrowings or some of your debt to reduce that? And also, if you look at your inventory, inventory days, they've come down a lot, but they're still well above where they were post-pandemic. So is there work to be done in terms of inventory or the working capital to bring that net interest expense down?
Greg Hebard: Yeah. Hi, this is Greg. So yeah, I think there's a few parts to that question. I'd say first on interest expense and share buyback, we definitely look at the two combined and making sure we have the most effective EPS results from that. Interest expense, we do see rates continuing to stay elevated for most of the calendar '24 and into '25, so being conservative on that number. From a working capital perspective, I think we've been doing a really good job. We do see our debt inventory in the 55 to 60-day range. And do we -- and we do see some cyclicality of that during the year and intra-quarter. So obviously, this quarter, we had a good number that hit. But one thing to remind you as well, we do have inventory deposits that does offset some of that pickup and we do just look at our gross [DII] (ph) coming down. So, we're continuing to be very focused on net inventory and getting it down closer to 55, but there is some cyclicality on that. On the share repurchase, we are committed to completing our $2.5 billion share authorization in Q4. We do need a new Board authorization as we go into '25. So stay tuned for that. But looking to get our WASO into the 110 to 113 range by the end of FY '25.
Mike Dastoor: And, Matt, if I can just add, provide some more color on the interest. If you go back to FY '23, so not this year, but previous years, our interest was in the range of $150 million. I think if you look over time, it was in that range. I'm not suggesting we go back to $150 million. Today, it's at $275 million. But as interest rates start coming down and we have a full year impact of that more towards the end of our calendar year '25, you'll see interest start going down quite a bit as well, because $275 million is not going to be the norm. It's going to continue to go downwards. It won't go back to $150 million, but a two -- low-200s is highly possible and all of that just drops directly to the EPS line.
Matt Sheerin: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that. And just if I can just sneak in a last question regarding the $800 million headwind you talked about for next year, most of that coming from end demand weakness. But is there a part of that also coming from deselecting customers, as you said, as you [put in] (ph) the portfolio? Could you break that down for us?
Mike Dastoor: All of that comes from deselecting, not deselecting, but renegotiating with customers. It's coming down. I think the number I provided was $800 million. That is a part of our strategy. Like I've mentioned before, margins and free cash flow continue to be front and center of everything we do. And we're just -- it's reshaping our portfolio sort of away from end markets and geographies with less attractive risk and financial outcomes. So it's all that. And then I think I mentioned legacy networking being one of the big ones there. So it's all -- it's all driven by literally reshaping the numbers. I think if you look at all the other end markets, they are more than soft, I'd say the recovery -- the timing of that recovery has been pushed out, is continuing to be pushed out a little bit. So the other end markets will be down, but there's no reshaping going on around that and that $800 million that I referenced was probably a reshaping number. There will be some level of revenue impact as the timing of recovery gets shifted to the right as well.
Matt Sheerin: That's very helpful to clarify. And I would imagine that $800 million revenue is -- at that margin and return profile is below your company average. So that would be accretive in other words to the business?
Mike Dastoor: Absolutely. I'm not -- again, I'm not suggesting FY '25 will see a big accretion because of that. I talked about us being capacitized for $32 billion, $33 billion of revenue. Our revenues are going to be considerably short of that. So we will have a little bit of overcapacity, but we need that capacity when things start to recover. And I think it will be very short-sighted of us to go and address that incremental capacity that we have today. So yes, there will be margin accretion in these businesses overall from a company standpoint, just keep in mind that there is a little bit of an overcapacity situation right now as well. But think of that as an opportunity. When things start coming back, it will have a big margin impact. And does that happen towards the end of '25? Does that happen in FY '26? We just don't know right now. And that's why we've asked for a little bit more time and that's why we withdrew our FY '25 guidance. We will provide more color in -- at the end of September to the best of our abilities.
Matt Sheerin: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. First, a follow-up on the $800 million of revenue that the company is looking to deselect. Can you help us better understand what the margin profile is of that? I know you said it's below the corporate average, but is it just above breakeven, low single-digits, slightly below corporate average? Any more color on the EBIT margin associated with that $800 million would be helpful.
Mike Dastoor: It's south of enterprise margin. It's not just the margin. We look at the free cash flow profile as well that both of those metrics are critical for our success. I think the -- one of the things we're looking at is risk as well. So obviously, the financial metrics have to tie out, the risk has to tie out as well, risk in different parts of the world, risk in the end markets that are seeing a downward trend all being replaced by a new perspective. So it's all of that work and the margin will be south as I was mentioning on the previous question from Matt. Don't expect margins to jump-up in '25 because of this. There is a little bit of an overcapacity situation. So the margin does get impacted and it's over time. I do expect maybe towards the end of FY '25 or even in FY '26 to see a pickup in margin because of this. So it's a mid to long-term payback or a return.
Mark Delaney: Helpful color. Thanks for that, Mike. And then my second question was around hybrids. You mentioned in the presentation that you have some ability to grow with hybrids, not just with BEVs. Can you double-click a little bit more, talk to us around where Jabil is participating in hybrids and to what extent you have the design wins that would support growth in hybrids as some of the traditional OEMs are planning to grow faster in hybrids over the next few years? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: So, I think when I talked about EVs, I think the point I was trying to break -- make was that we're almost agnostic to whether it's EVs that succeed or hybrids that succeed. And I think if you look at some of the three or four areas that we participate in, I think it's software-defined vehicles, that applies across combustion, hybrids and EVs. If you look at the battery management systems and everything to do with the battery, it equally applies to EVs and hybrids. If you look at some of the connectivity piece, again, it applies to all three categories of automotive. And then if you look at automated driving with optics, with cameras, with a whole bunch of ADAS technologies, again, agnostic to which technology wins out. We still think EVs is ripe for a comeback. I think it's seeing some temporary sort of impact due to price, due to battery range. Just couple of those issues being resolved and EVs will be back again. But the point I was trying to make is, look, we're going to have an EV or a hybrid. When EVs go down and hybrids go up, there'll always be a little bit of a timing difference as we win programs in the hybrid space for them to come online. But the long-term trajectory for our EV business is actually quite agnostic in terms of which technology wins out.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is [MP] (ph) on for Samik Chatterjee. So I just wanted to ask, like, you had included outlook around connected devices, networking storage, 5G, cloud, et cetera. So a lot of AI revenue is recognized in these end markets early. So I just wanted to check how much of the increase in the outlook is because of AI versus traditional recovery in the end markets? And I have a follow-up.
Mike Dastoor: So in the other end markets, I think Greg talked about the three that are impacting us today from an AI perspective. All the other end markets, something it's a little too early for us to start sort of assuming AI pieces in there. I think AI is definitely coming. AI is definitely going to impact all of those end markets. Hardware refresh cycles will take place in a number of our end markets, but our assumptions wouldn't bake that in right now. As we see it coming forward, we will start putting some of that in. But the answer -- direct answer to your question is, there's very little, there's almost no AI in any of the other end markets at this stage.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And another one will be on operating expenses. So I believe since the revenues were quite higher than the midpoint of the guidance this quarter, but operating expenses, which is something which I believe drove the operating margins to be below the midpoint of guidance. So what exactly was driving the higher operating expenses? And what's your confidence on bringing this to track for strong 6% margin next quarter? Thank you.
Greg Hebard: Yeah, Samik, it's really a mix that we're seeing recently. So we -- again, some seasonality to that, but all that is related to mix.
Operator: Samik, do you have additional questions?
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. There's no questions.
Greg Hebard: Thanks, Samik.
Operator: The next question is coming from David Vogt of UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Andrew on for David. I wanted to ask a question about your wireless business. As we've moved past the elections in India, have you seen any signs that, that business might pick back up?
Mike Dastoor: At this stage, not really. I think there's been a mass scale deployment of 5G already in India. I think there's definitely -- I think there's a hope that they monetize that and move forward after they've seen some returns. So they're almost -- I think there's 75%, 80% sort of rolled out. I don't think we have some big assumptions of a post-election recovery in India at this stage.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And I just also wanted to follow-up on the comments about the softness you saw in the healthcare segment. I think you said it was in the medical devices part of that business. I'm just wondering if you could expand on what was driving that softness? Is it macro? What are you seeing there?
Mike Dastoor: So, when we say softness, just note that it's just one of the four or five things that we do in the entire healthcare space. I think if you look at the GLP-1 drugs, they're off the charts. They just keep going higher and higher and higher. There's no -- and we're really well-positioned to play in that space. There is a counter sort of impact, obviously, that impacts surgeries, medical devices. But there's a whole bunch of other things that we do as well from a diagnostic standpoint, from an orthopedic standpoint, from a pharma solutions standpoint, from other medical devices. So it's a smaller impact. I wouldn't -- Greg called it out, I think it was an issue specifically for our FY '24. We're seeing some short-term headwinds there because of that. But don't forget the GLP-1 piece will continue to grow. I think the only sort of constraint is capacity, putting that capacity in place, which takes a little bit of time due to the heavy automation that's involved on the GLP-1 piece.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Adam Berry: That's it for this call. Thank you very much. If you have any further questions, please reach out. We will be happy to talk. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-03-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Jabil Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and thank you for joining Jabil's second quarter fiscal 2024 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor; and Chief Executive Officer, Kenny Wilson. Over the next few minutes, Mike and I will review our Q2 results, update current demand trends and provide new guidance for fiscal '24. We will then turn the call over to Kenny, who will provide several of the building blocks that give us confidence in our strong outlook for fiscal '25. Before we begin, please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within the Investor Relations portion of the website. At the conclusion of the call, the entirety of today's presentation will be posted for audio playback. I'd now ask that you view the slides on the website and follow along with our presentation, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, and our other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'd now like to shift our focus to our second quarter results, where the team delivered approximately $6.8 billion in revenue roughly in line with the guidance range we provided as a majority of the businesses performed extremely well against the updated guidance we provided back in December. Core operating income for the quarter came in at $338 million, or 5% of revenue. This was up 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue year-over-year due to a strong mix of business led by automotive and health care, while also supported by an ongoing mix shift within our networking and storage end markets. Net interest expense for the quarter came in higher than expected at $72 million, reflecting higher levels of inventory during the quarter. It's also worth noting that we successfully closed on the sale of our mobility business to BYD Electronics during the quarter for approximately $2.2 billion. As a result, GAAP operating income was approximately $1.1 billion, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $7.31, reflecting the substantial gain associated with the sale at the end of December. Core diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $1.68, $0.05 above the midpoint of our guidance range provided in December. Now turning to our performance by segment in the quarter. Revenue for the DMS segment came in at $3.4 billion, down approximately 16% from the prior year, driven almost entirely by year-over-year comparisons for the mobility divestiture. On a like-for-like basis, our DMS segment performed very well, led by approximately 11% growth in our automotive and transportation businesses. Core operating margin for the segment came in at 5.6%, 100 basis points higher than the same quarter from a year ago, reflective of the ongoing mix shift within our DMS business. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $3.3 billion, down roughly 18% year-over-year and roughly $100 million to $200 million below our expectations for the quarter. The majority of our year-on-year revenue decline within EMS was driven by our move to a consignment model within our cloud business and lower revenue in markets like 5G, renewable energy and digital print as expected. However, unexpectedly, and towards the end of the quarter, our 5G and renewables businesses were both negatively impacted by yet another decline in demand associated with those end markets. For the quarter, core margins for the EMS segment were 4.4%, down 70 basis points year-over-year. Next, I'd like to begin with an update on our cash flow and balance sheet metrics as of the end of Q2, beginning with inventory, which came in nine days higher sequentially to 87 days. Net of inventory deposits for our customers, inventory days were 62%, which was quarter-on-quarter increase of four days. Our second quarter cash flows from operations came in at $218 million, while net capital expenditures totaled $170 million, resulting in $48 million in adjusted free cash flow during the quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased 6.5 million shares for $825 million, leaving us with approximately $1.2 billion remaining on our current repurchase authorization as of February 29. With this, we ended the quarter with cash balances of $2.6 billion and total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.2 times. In closing, Q2 was largely a solid quarter. For starters, the divestiture of our mobility business and the allocation of those funds towards the share buybacks reflect the strategic intent of this management team to both reshape the business where appropriate, while also maintaining healthy returns to shareholders. At the same time, the business is performing pretty admirably despite considerable declines in two of the end markets we serve, as evidenced by our ability to deliver higher margins despite these headwinds. And finally, I'll leave you with a bit of optimism as we look ahead to fiscal '25 and beyond. As we think about the adjacencies across the end markets we serve, it's becoming clear that there's a common theme forming among a number of the end markets, specific to the surge of artificial intelligence, and the impact it will have on our customers' business well into the future. And with this surge, there's a proliferation of data being created by EV and autonomous vehicles that needs to be harnessed. In the health care industry, we're in the early innings of getting our arms around the benefits of AI in the operating room. And in our cloud business, we're seeing significantly increased demand for our services related to AI specific to hardware, manufacturing and design. And perhaps most exciting, this enthusiasm is beginning to turn into tangible results. For instance, our AI GPU volume in the first half of 2024 is 200 times that of the level of 2023. So there's a lot to be excited about as we look a little bit further down the road. In a few minutes, Kenny will share his thoughts on fiscal '25 and why he believes our original outlook of 10.65 remains attainable despite a transitional fiscal '24. But first, I'll hand the call over to Mike, who will provide more details on fiscal '24, including an update on our growth outlook by end market. With that, thank you. I'll now hand the call over to Mike.
Michael Dastoor: Thanks, Adam, and good morning, everyone. Over the next few minutes, I plan to provide more information on the following: First, I'll walk you through our financial outlook for Q3 and updated outlook for FY '24. Next, I'll provide an update on why we are confident in our growth opportunities for FY '25. And then, I'll provide an update on our accelerated share buyback execution plans, which are progressing ahead of schedule. With that, let's turn to the next slide for our third quarter guidance. Towards the end of our second quarter, we experienced a sudden slowdown within our 5G and renewable energy end markets, which we expect will continue through the second half of FY '24 and result in lower than expected revenue for the last two quarters. Within our renewable energy business, the inventory correction that began in our Q1 is now expected to persist through the balance of our fiscal year as customers in this end market lower demand forecast towards the back half of February. The renewable energy team has done an excellent job consolidating the supply chain within our current customer base and we will have a higher overall share of our customers' business as we move towards the end of Q4. In 5G, towards the end of the quarter, infrastructure rollout slowed quicker than expected as faster growing markets like, India substantially pull back on all 5G infrastructure investments. As a result of these two market dynamics for Q3, we expect total company revenue to be in the range of $6.2 billion to $6.8 billion. Core operating income for Q3 is estimated to be in the range of $325 million to $385 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $221 million to $301 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.65 to $2.05. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.82 to $1.38. Net interest expense in the third quarter is estimated to be $75 million. Now moving on to full year guidance on the next slide. At a high level, with the exception of the near-term dynamics within our renewable energy and 5G markets, the majority of our expectations for revenue by end market this year remains largely in line with our pots in December. Importantly, for the year, we continue to expect year-on-year growth across some of our core end markets, which are still experiencing year-on-year growth, notably in electric vehicles, health care and AI cloud data centers. Moving to the next slide. Despite the revenue headwinds in the near term, we are confident that we will Jabil to be more resilient as we've diversified across geographies, products, customers and end markets. Because of this, we're not anticipating the same level of margin erosion traditionally seen in past slowdowns. Our diversified approach, global footprint and strong relationships with customers give us confidence in weathering these near-term challenges. We're adapting, staying focused on margins and cash flow and committed to delivering value. Notably, by FY '24, we expect core operating margins to come in higher than we expected in December at 5.6%. Three reasons largely account for our ability to drive margins higher despite lower revenue. First, as our agile model allows, we pushed our planned investments and costs that will plan to support new ramps in renewables in the back half of the fiscal year, because of this, deleveraging is limited. Second, we expect to offset lower revenue with fixed cost recoveries from 5G and renewable energy customers. And third, we made progress with our efforts to align our cost structure and footprint with our go-forward business. All of this gives me confidence in our ability to deliver core operating margins of 5.6% in FY '24 and positions us well for future margin expansion as we drive revenue growth higher on an optimized cost structure. Putting it all together for FY '24 on the next slide. We expect our improved mix of business and optimization efforts will drive incremental operating leverage, thereby giving us the confidence to raise our core operating margin guidance to 5.6%, for FY '24 on revenue of $28.5 billion. We expect this dynamic to result in core EPS of $8.40, which is reflected by improved core operating income margin and accelerated share repurchases. Importantly, for the year, we also remain committed to generating more than $1 billion in free cash flow. Moving to the next slide. Overall, we feel good about the trajectory of our end market portfolio and are well positioned to drive growth in FY '25 and headlined by continued growth in automotive, health care and AI data centers along with anticipated recoveries in areas of our business that are contracted this year. Globally, both EV and hybrid platforms continue to outpace ICE unit growth rates, albeit at a lower rate than we had originally anticipated at the beginning of the fiscal year. Our EV business is supporting a number of new vehicle platforms with multiple customers in areas such as next-gen compute and control modules, power conversion battery management, LIDAR and other sensors as well as charging solutions. Additionally, we were recently awarded new business in optical camera modules where OEMs are redeploying optics hardware capabilities, enabling the rollout of different levels of autonomous driving through software updates. It is important to note the majority of the year-on-year growth we expect in EDs in FY '25 will be driven by new programs and will be less reliant on volume growth with existing customers. These new platforms gives us confidence in our expectations of another year of growth for EVs in FY '25. Longer term, Jabil is well positioned to support both EV and hybrid technologies as they continue to take a larger overall share of auto unit growth globally. Within our health care business, we see significant opportunity to offer critical solutions and capabilities to customers outsourcing complex tasks. Jabil's credibility in health care as the largest EMS provider in the space positions us well to take advantage of the growing outsourcing of manufacturing trend. In FY '25, we anticipate another year of growth in our base business as we continue to explore opportunities in new capabilities and B2B transactions similar to our strategic collaboration from a few years ago. And in the data center space, there is a common theme forming among a number of our end markets related to the surge of investments in AI and ML. The pace of AI investments continues to accelerate, and Jabil is winning our fair share of this growing pie as we have positioned ourselves well to assist our customers build out next-generation AI data centers. Our teams are quickly diversifying and winning share across multiple end markets in the AI data center infrastructure space, where we're seeing growth in AI GPU right configurations accelerated optical switches for AI back end networking applications, silicon photonics, liquid cooling capabilities and power and energy storage. Given our success to date in this space, we now expect AI related net revenue across multiple end markets to be approximately $6 billion in FY '25, or an increase of 20% year-on-year. Within the semi-cap market, we continue to anticipate demand to remain muted for FY '24. However, overall market dynamics are expected to improve as commentary across the industry suggests recovery may be on the horizon with a growing expectation that things improve towards the end of this calendar year, as fab utilization ticks higher and memory inventory normalizes. And in renewables, as we look to FY '25, while we expect this end market to recover very slowly, we are winning new business and market share along with the aforementioned consolidation within our current customer base. Longer-term, we remain well-positioned to support secular growth in the renewable energy infrastructure space due to Jabil's unique combination of power engineering expertise, in-region manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Looking forward, we're excited about the underlying momentum across our diversified portfolio and are well-positioned to drive growth in FY '25. Next, I'd like to provide an update on our share repurchases. In December, I outlined our intentions of executing a series of accelerated buybacks for the balance of the $2.5 billion repurchase authorization in FY '24. I’m happy to say that we're ahead of schedule with $825 million repurchased in Q2. This brings our year-to-date repurchase amount to 10.4 million shares for $1.3 billion for an average purchase price just under $127 per share. We fully anticipate completing the remaining $1.2 billion on our current repurchase authorization in FY '24 and we'll continue to opportunistically optimize our repurchases. With the plan in place and progress to date, I expect WASO to be in the range of $123 million to $126 million for FY '24 and approximately $110 million to $113 million in FY '25. On the next slide, in summary, for FY '25, I'm excited about the underlying momentum across our diversified portfolio, and I'm confident that we're well positioned to drive multiple paths of growth in FY '25 as a result of the following: consolidation of share in the renewable energy space, expected recovery of the semi-cap end market, confirmed market share gains with multiple existing customers, new programs booked with new customers, and I am particularly excited about our silicon to solution strategy, which will help accelerate the infrastructure that will be required to fuel the AI/ML macro trend in the market. This is borne out in the continuing mix shift of our networking and storage end market where we continue to replace legacy lower margin networking equipment with higher margin AI driven equipment. On top of all this, when you consider our optimized cost structure, we are well-positioned to expand core margins to more than 5.7%. In addition, our accelerated share repurchases and expected lower net interest expenses gives me confidence in our ability to deliver core EPS of $10.65 in FY '25. In my view, Jabil has not just more diversified, but also significantly more resilient than we were several years ago due to our intentional efforts to invest and align our resources with areas in key end markets, which offer higher returns and multiyear secular growth opportunities. Thank you for your time today and for joining us this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Kenny.
Kenny Wilson: Thank you, Mike, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Fiscal '24 was always going to be a transitional year for Jabil, one of which we've successfully completed the largest transaction in the company's history with the mobility sale and its subsequent efforts by our teams to optimize our footprint and cost structure for the go-forward company. For this transaction and the optimization of our footprint were anticipated, the end market slowdown was not. As I have stated previously, the key attribute of our model is agility and our ability to quickly react and effectively absorb changes in revenue. At Jabil, we obsess about operations, working tirelessly to ensure that what is within our control, we control well. Managing our factories to absorb such a March slowdown does not happen by chance, so it's pleasing to see our margins hold up. Additionally, dislocations like this provide opportunity for some consolidation and is reassuring to make progress with customers who trust us to allocate more of their spend to Jabil. In tandem with our focus on operational execution, we have been intentional in how we've shaped our commercial portfolio. The closing of the mobility deal was not a one-off event, but part of a process where we look telling our capabilities current and future with markets exhibiting the desirable characteristics of long term secular growth at appropriate margins and cash flows. The result of this allows us to help simplify the lives of our current and future customers while making appropriate returns. For example, in our recent history, this has seen us transition from low tech electronics and automotive to EV and autonomous driving systems, including optical cameras. From PCBA manufacturing and health care to precision machining of customized implantable, from build-to-print servers to highly configurable AI data center racks, from simple network switches to liquid cooled accelerated switching supporting AI applications and from build-to-print in the telco space, starting a seat at the table, as we look to optimize our advanced packaging value chain for silicon photonics across multiple end markets. In short, we are continuously retailing the company to ensure we are ready to support the future needs of our customers. In addition to the mobility deal, another couple of proof points were evident in the quarter. We are proud to have been awarded a new video security and optics business with Motorola Solutions, including two highly competent manufacturing sites in North America. This supports a focus on supply chain regionalization where we see significant benefits from the ability to leverage our global footprint coupled with the advantage of being domiciled in the U.S. And in the AI data center infrastructure space, we are building low and medium voltage switchgear to support proliferation of AI data centers. We were awarded a liquid cooled accelerated network switching program, which will ramp in fiscal year '25. While already, we are seeing the benefits of the addition of the Intel Silicon Photonics team with multiple wins in the pluggable transceiver space. As I think about exiting this year as a more optimized company, coupled with the numerous opportunities across our commercial portfolio, I'm confident in our ability to expand margins year-on-year while also delivering core EPS of $10.65 and free cash flow in excess of $1 billion. Note that in modeling fiscal year '25, we anticipate total revenues similar to fiscal year '23 levels, excluding the mobility divestiture. Importantly, we expect mix to be much improved as our business continues to trend toward markets, benefiting from long-term secular trends. In closing, in the last 90 days, I have had the privilege of spending time with multiple customers and internal organizations, including executive team at Motorola Solutions, as we celebrated the new award. In addition to the Jabil team from Retronix, Procurability and Intel and with our teams in Asia as we celebrated Chinese New Year with a long held Jabil [indiscernible] tradition. While in Asia, it was also my honor to accept a Shingo prize awarded to our health care site in Shanghai, the largest med device side to receive this award in the last 15 years. As I reflect on all of this, I believe it further demonstrates that in addition to having the right capabilities and being in the right end markets, we also have the right team to buy their actions every day, strengthen our unique global culture. All of this puts us on firm footing for fiscal '25 and beyond. Thank you for your interest in Jabil. I will now hand the call back to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Kenny. So there was a lot here today. And in closing, I'd like to quickly summarize some of the key messages. Our second quarter results and our fiscal '24 outlook are largely in line with the guidance we provided back in December, with the exception of the impact from two specific end markets, including renewable energy and 5G wireless. And despite our lower outlook for '24, positive demand signals in the market, along with new wins, higher core margins due to mix shift and the accelerated buybacks from the proceeds of the mobility transaction give us confidence in fiscal '25 which is why we chose to maintain our $10.65 core EPS target. Thank you for your interest in Jabil. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. Two questions from me, if I could. I guess, first of all, on the cuts within 5G and renewables programs. Can you give us a sense for why you think this is the last time you're going to have to come back and cut those numbers? Like, what are the indications, not just through the fiscal year, but through maybe the calendar year from customers on that front? And then secondly, on the better margins that you're targeting now, I understand the mix shift, but maybe a little bit more color on like the biggest mix shift drivers if we exclude the mobility math from that? Thanks.
Kenny Wilson: Hi, Steven. Thanks. Good morning. Yeah. Let me take that, the question on demand. I mentioned in Q1 when we've seen the broad-based demand reduction that we've got a process where we do we're pretty intimate with our customers in terms of their forecast, looking at inventory and inventory in channels. We called that right across all of our end markets with the exception of the 5G telco space and renewables. And there's a couple of specifics there. So Mike mentioned the India issue here, and I think what we see here is that although, we said, there was a substantial pullback. In effect, what happened was the rollout stopped with -- basically with no input from the Reliance in this instance. So when we look at that, there's no indication of that and basically, we've baked into our number now going forward. So we're comfortable that everything else in the telco space, we've seen and we understood. This was just a gotcha in India. We're not forecasting or expecting that to recover in this year. So we think we're pretty safe there. In the renewable space, again, we've been working with the customer through calendar Q4 into Q1. And what we decided to do there is that basically, the inventories in the channel, and it's not going to be sold through. So we've reduced the build plan, they’ve register what they're going to ship. And what we're seeing is that the inventory in channel now is now reducing. We haven't forecasted a covering that this year also. So we've been very, very conservative. Also, just as we look to '25, we've been very conservative, and we've modeled those run rates going forward into '25. So when you look at what we're talking about in '25, we don't expect these two end markets to recover. So we think we've been appropriately conservative.
Steven Fox: Great. And then on the margin question?
Michael Dastoor: Hey, Steve. Yeah. So obviously, the mix shift does have a huge impact. We've replaced a lot of our legacy networking and storage business with higher margin AI related business there, obviously, AI by itself in the cloud space, although, you don't see it in the revenue line item because of the consignment effect, the volumes are up considerably in that particular line item. So there's a big margin play coming through on the mix shift that you suggested. And on top of that, we've done a lot of cost optimization. If you go look back at our -- I think on the call maybe earlier in the fiscal year, we talked about a stranded cost and footprint optimization restructuring that we've taken then. The fruits of that are showing up in the second half of the year. Obviously, we had Q2 was a little bit of a transition quarter for the cost optimization effort. But that's coming through. And then if you look at some of the cost recoveries that we're getting from our customers, even though revenues are down, we are -- we have been successful in getting cost recoveries because of the sudden nature of the cut. So all of that plus Q3, Q4 had some ramps in there. Obviously, as the revenue is pushed out, we don't have to have those ramps. And then I'll just remind you, ramps are at a much lower margin in those initial quarters when we're moving up on that revenue line item. So that gets pushed out a little as well. So a combination of all that, Steve, gives us really good comfort. I think we said 5.3% to 5.5% margin. Previously, we've actually taken it up, not just to the high end. We've taken it beyond that, and we think it's going to be more in the 5.6% range, and we feel really good about that.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. I have a follow-up to that also, Steve, and we've been talking about this and obviously, with yourself. But I think Slide 17 is a pretty good pictorial view of why we're confident that our margins in the longer term will be robust. Historically, we would be in the server space here when I think back three, four, five years ago. And then what we're trying to show here is just how as well as being vertical in terms of going to asset like rack assembly that's been hugely successful for us. But if you look at everything else interest we've gone from being a legacy enterprise switching to accelerated switching that supports AI with the awards that we won recently. Optical transceivers or pluggable transceivers in this instance that we got a lot of horsepower from the Intel deal that we just closed. And incidentally, I met with the Intel team in Singapore in January and the hit the ground running and are really making a huge difference, which is great for us. But there's things like the CDUs, liquid cooled racks, and also, we're now doing, as I mentioned, the low voltage bid voltage switchgear and the rack power distribution. So historically, that's markets that we wouldn't be planning in at all. But what we find is from being a server player to now we're getting multiple income streams in that space -- with things where a little bit of the data center being disaggregated. It just gives us confidence when I said that we're retail in the company, what I was talking about is we're leveraging things that we've done historically will listen to our customers, and we're finding other value-added activities so we can help them. We can reduce their costs and we can increase our margins. So I think that can underpin what we try to do from a margin perspective to satisfy our customers' needs grow our margins and make that sustainable in the longer term.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s all very helpful. Thanks for that answer.
Kenny Wilson: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I was trying to count how many times you mentioned AI in your prepared remarks, and then I just lost count. So needless to say, AI is a meaningful driver for demand in different end markets. Mike, is there a way to quantify how much revenue will come from AI over the next year or what the margin impact would be? And Kenny, can you delve a little bit more into what you're doing in the cloud business? What is Jabil's competitive advantage? A lot of people are going into AI in the data center. So how do you think your competitive advantage stands against others and how do you see your cloud business revenues growing over the next couple of years?
Michael Dastoor: Hey, Ruplu. Just to be clear, I said AI 21 times in my reports, so I did count. On the AI piece, so if you look at my prepared remarks, Ruplu, I did talk about the AI revenue. I think we're going to grow by about 20%, 25%. We're about in the $4.5 billion, $5 billion range, we're going to be north of $6 billion in FY '25 and that's across multiple end markets. Obviously, as Kenny mentioned, we'll be playing in the cloud data infrastructure space. We play in areas such as network switching. There's a whole bunch of business that was switching from or replacing from our legacy network business to AI-related business. Sort of its spread out, particularly in those two line items when we call them out on our revenue chart. But overall, about $6 billion plus, we actually feel that will continue to grow in that 20%, 30% range over time as this proliferation of AI across different end markets just continues to expand. So it's starting off where you expect it to start in the cloud space. And then as you work around the cloud space, that will gain more momentum. And then as you go forward, and I'm talking here two years out, even that was spread into all our other end markets as well because all that we do is mainly hardware and all hardware will benefit from the AI proliferation.
Kenny Wilson: And let me take your second question, Ruplu, on Jabil's competitive advantage. Firstly, what I would say is, I think that the growth in this area means that there's going to be a lot of work for a lot of people. So I think that's good. When we look at our competitors, I think there's enough work to go around. That said, what we try to do is we try to look at the world through the eyes of our customers and make their life simpler. And then if you look at -- there's a need in the data centers to be able to do silicon photonics transceivers. These need to be able to do power and switching. There's a need to be able to do servers need to be able to do rack assembly. What we find our customers look to do is their life becomes -- the more suppliers they add, the more and more complicated the life becomes. So if they have a credible supplier that can do multiple different activities, then that's helpful for them. You take, for example, if you can do pluggable transceivers, but you don't do line cars and then you want to put the optical device on a line card. That becomes an issue as we can do both of that. So we think the view for us is to be able to be vertical and to be able to integrate more services that becomes a play for us. is something that we've seen across automotive, Mike mentioned the cameras that we're producing in automotive, for example. So we think that, that serves us well, the other thing that I think remains to be seen, but I think it's basically not a negative but a positive for sure. We have a global footprint, so we can leverage best practices and capabilities across the world, but being domiciled in North America, we see has been helpful in the longer term from a secure supply perspective. So we think we put all of that together, we feel that we're well positioned, and all we got to do is perform. So we're pretty bullish on the long-term opportunities and growth in this area.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that. And just as a follow-up, I want to push you a little bit. I mean this is the second time in a row that you're cutting full year guidance. I mean last time revenues you cut by $2.5 billion. And this time, it looks like ex the $400 million for the mobility business, the takedown is about $2.1 billion. So my question is really the same as I had last time, which is, what gives you confidence in your guidance and how can investors get confidence that you won't come in even lower for fiscal '24, for example, if renewables is weak, why can't it get even weaker? And then Mike, just on the -- for next year, you talked about all these drivers for margin improvement. My question would be what can derail that? I mean what are some of the risks to Jabil attaining that margin and what should we look out for? Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. So let me take a step back, Ruplu, because we've reflected on that a lot. The relationships we've got with our customers is -- and generally has been long term in some instances, has been multi-decades. So we have a partnership there. We're kind of joined at the hip connected. We've got processes where we share forecasts. We look at inventory. So we're pretty tight. We've got people in our sites, whether it's business development people, planners, et cetera, et cetera, that are involved in this. So this isn't the top down. It's -- we bubble this up from the bottom. So -- and I can understand the question. In Q1, we've seen a broad-based reduction. And if I look forward from what we when we looked at Q2, across the majority of our end markets, what we predicted is going to happen for the balance of the year is happening. So we're comfortable with that. And sometimes you get out higher, like India, for example, I mean, no one expected with the rate -- the deployment of radios in India that, that would just all of a sudden stop. So I think that, that in this instance, that becomes something that you got accept that sometimes things will happen. In the renewable space, we spend a lot of time with -- we've got more customers now than we had six months ago. And we spend a lot of time with them. It's clear that the slowdown and the rollout of the inventory we got in channel has been much lower than expected. We've taken our numbers way, way down. But in that also, we look -- it's mainly a residential play that's been soft. We are pivoting so that we are much more in the commercial side, and that's been supported by our customers. We're also -- we're winning market share, and there's been a lot of consolidation to Jabil in that space lightly. And if you read the it seems like the commercial space in the U.S. is becoming more robust and we'll be building that in North America also. So we're getting share. We're taking our numbers down significantly. The balance of our business, we think, is holding up. So we think we're really at the bottom here. But what I would like to add though a little bit to your question is -- and I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got to be really, really good at control in what we can control. Whether this has been a pullback, slowdown, recession, inventory correction, whatever you want to call it, if we look back in our company's history, the last couple of times this has happened. Our EPS has gone down by 40% or margins by 100 basis points or more. Here, we're working really hard, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, to make the company much more resilient and robust. So I think that we demonstrate that in spite of shops in a couple of our end markets that that our businesses has taken a couple of punches, but staying remarkably resilient. So my message to investors would be that sometimes like outliers happen. But I think it was improving our margins and I think 840 EPS, I think it demonstrates that our company is much more robust than it was historically.
Michael Dastoor: And Ruplu, I'm going to answer your question in a slightly different way than you were at it. Obviously, you asked about the risk and what can go wrong and why the margin story holds good for us. So let me just try and answer it by talking about the $10.65 a little bit. Because all of that is factored into our $10.65 guide. Why do I feel so strongly about that particular $10.65 number. Before that, let me just give you some building blocks. So if you look at what our interest costs this year will be in the high 200s. We expect next year to be in the mid-$200 million. So if you take an interest number of about $250 million for the building block there, if you take WASO (ph), we will have done substantially the $2.5 billion will be completed by FY '24. In FY '25, we'll continue a more normalized run rate of buyback. So I expect WASO to be about $110 million to $113 million in FY '25. Now based on these two numbers, if you take the incremental income that's needed to make $10.65, the numbers are around $130 million to $140 million of incremental income. I talked about some of the end markets, how we're sort of benefiting from some other macro trends that are coming into play right now. I talked about AI, I talked about the different end markets within storage, in cloud, et cetera, where we're seeing this whole AI proliferation. And that alone, as I mentioned, is about $1 billion to $1.5 billion incremental revenue, net revenue, I should add as well, sort of net of any consignment effect that FY '25 presents. We've talked about -- I mentioned in my prepared remarks, automotive, what we're seeing for FY '25 and our assumption is not based on end market growth. Our assumption is based on new program wins. We're talking about wins that we already have under the belt. We've already booked those and it's just a matter of delivering those next year, obviously, but not expecting some big miracle layer for the end market to change substantially. If it does, it will actually be an opportunity for us. But right now, if you just assume a 10%, even in this bad environment in FY '24, we're close to 10%. So there's no reason to expect automotive to be substantially lower than 10%. And then if you take health care and maybe a 5% growth, again, it's a very modest growth. If you add up this AI automotive and health care alone, that's about $2 billion of revenue. You're talking about 5% to 6% margin, even more if you get leverage out of it. So at 6%, you're talking $120 million of that $130 million, $140 million incremental income that I mentioned is needed for the $10.65. It's already there in just these three end markets and the balance of all the end markets. And I'm talking about semi cap, which, by the way, is showing very strong signs of a recovery that's coming. It's not here, but a lot of customers have changed the way they talk about their own businesses, and that's changing quite a bit in the positive direction. So we do expect not this year, we're not talking about calendar year '24. But in calendar year '25, we do expect very high probity of sharpish sort of recovery there. Renewables totally agree, it's slowing. Digital print and retail, steady Eddie and then connected devices as the basin FY '24 is so low that even a small little increase there you certainly see the $130 million, $140 million of income that we're talking about is not difficult to get to. And then if you look at the margin play, obviously, there’s mix going on, this mix shift that we continue to talk about. And the cost optimization, you’ll also have a full year impact of our cost optimization efforts that we’ve undertaken in FY ‘24. So I hope I answered your question from a risk perspective. Look, the risk is very low. If you look at – if you break down the individual components of what we’re talking about for FY ‘25, the $10.65 sounds highly achievable.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details. Appreciate it.
Michael Dastoor: Welcome, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. The company mentioned an expectation to have about $6 billion of AI-related revenue in fiscal '25. Better understand how you're defining AI-related revenue? And then maybe also help us understand out of that $6 billion, how much is coming from data center and then how much are some of these other end market opportunities where you see some AI opportunities like health care?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. Hey, Mark. So the blend of it is as -- I would say that probably just north of half of it is data center related maybe slightly -- maybe two-thirds of it and the balance would be optics and advanced switching really. It's that kind of order of magnitude.
Michael Dastoor: And Mark, if I could just add, if you look at our data center revenue and again, remind you that's net revenue. It's net of consignment effect. Our gross volumes are growing at a really good pace. It's in that 25%, 30% growth range obviously doesn't show up in the revenue. But it will show up in the margin because that is what we're adding value on. So I think the number by itself, just the revenue number, net revenue can be a little misleading. You've got to look through -- look at volumes. Volumes are going up 25%, 30% in that particular space.
Mark Delaney: Okay. That's helpful. But just to clarify, so would any rack for hyperscale or be counted as AI or does it need to have GPUs in it? Just trying to understand sort of the categorization of AI versus some of these other broader categories.
Michael Dastoor: No, it has to have some GPU attached. Most of our business now has shifted from the legacy server business to AI-related GPU, predominantly in our cloud business.
Adam Berry: Yeah. We just -- we opened a new facility like six months ago that's pretty much all doing a GPU like -- in that space.
Mark Delaney: Helpful. My other question was on margins. Mike, you mentioned fixed cost recoveries is one reason for the margin resiliency in fiscal '24. Maybe you can help us speak to how secure the recoveries are? Is that something that you still need to go out and negotiate? And then maybe talk a little bit around your ability to still achieve a 6% EBIT margin over the longer term. Thanks.
Michael Dastoor: Yeah. The recoveries are already done, Mark. It's not based on our future event. It's already agreed upon. So it's very secure. Can you repeat your second question?
Mark Delaney: Your ability to get to the 6% EBIT margin in the longer term, which is something I think you said could be achievable. I don't think you put a specific time frame on it, but to what extent do you think you're still tracking to eventually get a 6% or higher non-GAAP EBIT margin? Thanks.
Michael Dastoor: Right. So we will exit at FY '24 at 5.6%. We're being very sort of conservative by saying 5.7% plus for FY '25. I think getting to 6% is not is not five years from there. It's maybe a year or so away from FY '25. So we're getting closer and closer to that 6%. And I think the margin story is definitely in our favor right now. It's all the business that we're seeing. That is all higher margin mix shift.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Melissa Fairbanks with Raymond James. Please proceed with your questions.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hey, guys. Thanks very much. I was wondering, if we could dig into the expectation for health care. I know it's not quite as exciting as AI. But we've heard from some of your peers that capital equipment investment has been challenged recently I assume that's what's behind your lower full year outlook. But you actually found increasingly constructive about the overall business. Could you give us a little more color on what you're seeing there?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. Hey, Melissa. Yeah. I mean we kind of break that up -- if I think about how we break it up entirely, there's med devices, pharma and ortho. What we see in the first half of the year was our expectation is like a little bit softer kind of inventory digestion. But we think that recovers and kind of made the bases and a mean pharma with GLP-1. We see that going really, really strongly. So we think that's -- we're pretty much running our factories, obviously, round the clock there. We think in med devices, we see some recovery there, and also is still a little bit soft but getting better. So I think we’re looking at I think our back half of our year is 8% stronger than the front half as inventory is digested, and we’re comfortable with that number. So we think we are pretty comfortable that our health care business is going to continue. I think Mike mentioned 5% growth next year. We got enough kind of in entire and opportunities for us to be comfortable with that as we go forward.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay. Great. That’s all from me. I’ll pass it along and give some else another question.
Kenny Wilson: Hey. Thanks, Melissa. All the best.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of George Wang with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
George Wang: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just want to double click on the AI, you talked about revenue growing 20%, 25% kind of pre to north of $6 billion in FY '25. I just want to see if you can elaborate on the margin profile kind of within specific subsegments within AI. You talked about the GPU [indiscernible] kind of the optics, switching transceivers power, are you able to rank order, at least in a high level how you think about margin structure in terms of taking order, which specific to the element within the overall AI envelope will garner the highest margin kind of vice versa.
Michael Dastoor: So yeah, the AI piece, obviously, the different line items that we look at I said earlier, it's in cloud, it's a networking in storage. The margin is north of enterprise level margin. It's different. The rank order would be roughly sort of photonics would be the highest margin, AI switching gear would be next switch and Rax's configuration integration, etc. So overall, if you look at all these dynamics, the total margin plays north of enterprise margins. So again, that's what's giving us comfort for our margin in FY '24. That's what's giving us comfort for margins in FY '25 as well.
George Wang: Got you. In terms of the customer base, obviously, Amazon being one of the bigger players within the AI segment. Can you kind of talk briefly other kind of whether other hyperscale’s in there or maybe Tier 2, Tier 3 cloud. Any color there?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. We got -- if you look at predominant [indiscernible] you look at the proliferation of other capabilities. So we are supplying other hyperscalers across the whole blend of the capabilities that we talk about there, George. And I think the other thing just to emphasize that what Mike mentioned, Look, we've been doing enterprise switches for multiple years. And as that becomes to some commoditized we've pivoted in that the capability that we have there to the advanced switching area that really drives the AI TPU type model. So I think that, coupled with what we’re doing in optics means that we’re comfortable that our margin profile is robust here. And I go back to the point I made with Steve about all the kind of DCI, the infrastructure stuff we’re doing as well, which historically we hadn’t done. So we think we got a real rich profit pool here for us in the longer term.
George Wang: Okay. Great. Thanks. That’s it for me.
Kenny Wilson: You got it, George. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. This is [indiscernible] on for Samik Chatterjee. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask you to expand on the incremental weakness that you are seeing on the 5G side. Like is it relative to some particular set of customers or some particular region? Any more color on that? Thank you.
Michael Dastoor: Yeah. So what we see is we are seeing – and if you look at telco customers generally, pretty much all come out with a really, really soft outlook for calendar we baked most of that in, but there is some continued weakness there and that’s North America and also across the world. The biggest impact in 5G was the rollout in India where, I mean, basically, the rollout stopped. So it’s paused. We don’t know when it’s going to restart. But there’s still a significant amount of radios that have got to be installed in the Indian market, so that demand doesn’t go away. It’s just paused. We are pretty much single sourced in India. We build those radios in our facility in Pune, which we found that facility and our company for 20 some years, so that performed really well. We’re doing a really nice job, and we’re just waiting for the gates to reopen and as we start to build and allow that and get that to be installed in the network, so that will come back. We just didn’t expect it to stop. I mean, completely stopped with no future demand we’ve taken the demand there for the balance of the year.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Adam Berry for closing report.
Adam Berry: Thanks for your interest in Jabil. Please reach out to us, if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-12-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Jabil First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Adam.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's first quarter of fiscal 2024 earnings call. Joining me today are Chief Executive Officer, Kenny Wilson; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. In terms of our agenda today, we plan to focus on the following: Review our Q1 results, discuss the trends underway within the end markets we serve, and provide Q2 guidance. We'll also reiterate our capital allocation plans, reinforce our core margin and EPS outlook for the year, and in doing so provide you with the detail as to why we feel confident in achieving these goals for this year and next, despite our updated outlook as discussed on November 28th. But before we begin, please note that today's call is being webcast live. And during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within the Investor Relations portion of the website. At the conclusion of today's call, the entirety of today's presentation will be posted for audio playback. I'd now like to ask you to follow along with our presentation with slides on the website. Beginning with a forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, and other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With that, I'd now like to shift our focus to our first quarter results, where the team delivered approximately $8.4 billion in revenue, near the low end of our guidance range provided in September, and in line with our updated expectations announced on November 28. It's worth noting the majority of the year-over-year decline was driven by the previously announced move to a consignment model, where we transitioned certain components we procure and integrate into the cloud space to a customer-controlled consignment services model. Core operating income for the quarter came in at $499 million, or 6% of revenue. This is up 120 basis points year-over-year, due to an improved mix of business, normal seasonal patterns within our mobility business and the previously announced accounting impacts of assets held for sale. Excluding the impact of assets held for sale, core operating margin was roughly 5.3%, up 50 basis points year-on-year. Net interest expense for the quarter came in $3 million better-than-expected at $70 million, reflecting lower levels of inventory during the quarter as a result of lower revenue and better working capital management by the team. From a GAAP perspective, operating income was $303 million, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.47. Core diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $2.60, a 13% improvement over the prior year quarter and at the midpoint of the range we provided in September. Now, turning to the performance by segment in the quarter. Revenue for the DMS segment came in at $4.8 billion, down approximately 6% from the prior year, driven by continued weakness from our connected devices end market. These declines were partially offset by year-over-year growth in our automotive and transportation and healthcare businesses. Core operating margin for the segment came in at 7%, a 180 basis points higher than the same quarter from a year ago, given solid mix, normal seasonal pattern within our mobility business, and the aforementioned previously announced accounting impact of assets held for sale. Excluding the impact of assets held for sale associated with the mobility sale, core operating margins for DMS were 6%. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $3.6 billion, down roughly 21% year-over-year. This decline was driven by our move to a consignment model and a softening in demand in end markets like 5G, networking and digital print. Given this combination of consignment and mix, core margins for the EMS segment were an impressive 4.6%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Next, I'd like to begin with an update on our cash flow and balance sheet metrics as of the end of Q1, beginning with inventory, which improved two days sequentially to 78 days. Net of inventory deposits from our customers, inventory days were 58 in Q1, consistent with our strong Q4 performance. Our first quarter cash flows from operations came in at $448 million, while net capital expenditures totaled $275 million, resulting in $173 million in adjusted free cash flow during the quarter. In the quarter, we repurchased 3.9 million shares for $500 million, leaving us with $2 billion remaining on our current repurchase authorization as of November 30. With this, we ended the quarter with cash balances of $1.6 billion and total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.1 times. So, in summary, Q1 was largely a very good quarter. While our topline growth came in a bit lower-than-expected, the team still delivered good year-over-year growth in core margins, core EPS and adjusted free cash flow. At the same time, we were incredibly active in terms of repurchasing our own shares and we made solid progress on the sale of our mobility business. With that, thank you. I'll now hand it over to Kenny.
Kenny Wilson: Thanks, Adam; and good morning, everyone. As Adam mentioned, on November 28, we announced a reduction in our outlook for fiscal year 2024 based on a broad slowdown of demand across multiple end markets. In short, customers adjusted demand schedules as they reacted to a slowdown in end markets heading into the end of the calendar year. Although we feel the slowdown will be temporary in nature, it is incumbent on us to react and adjust our model appropriately to align with our customers' requirements. Agility in our industry is key. Being able to absorb changes in demand signals effectively across our network is a critical part of our value proposition. This agility is part of our DNA and is reflected in our ability to effectively absorb downsides and revenue. Fungible assets, flexible automation, single instance of SAP, common manufacturing execution systems, focus on margin rich value-added services, and multi customer sites set up specifically to manage disparate end markets in one campus are just some examples of disciplines embedded in our model. These core areas of focus are a large part of why we believe we can manage margins consistent with our Q1 guide and EPS at $9 plus, while absorbing a broad-based slowdown. Turning to end markets, where you take a deeper look, we still expect growth in key areas like electric vehicles and renewables, albeit at a modestly slower pace than previously anticipated. In healthcare, our business remains robust and foundational in terms of what we are trying to accomplish at Jabil. Our ability to provide key solutions and capabilities to customers in complex areas where outsourcing is underpenetrated and quality is paramount underpins our confidence that we will continue to grow in this end market. And in cloud, our team continued to drive forward within the AI data center space. Remember, this business moved into a consignment model last year, which makes revenue look unusually low, relative to previous years, while in reality the business is growing volumes by roughly 20%. In connected devices, we've seen softening for some time, and this doesn't seem likely to change in the near-term. While in enterprise, communications and 5G, we continue to expect softness based on global rollouts. Turning to renewables, we've seen softness in solar and wind, driven by a combination of reduced channel inventory sell through, impact of interest rates and incentive uncertainty. Outlook wise, we remain optimistic based on multiple new business wins and some supply chain consolidation within our current customer base. On the sale of our mobility business, I am really pleased with the progress we are making. The selfless collaboration between our teams while working on closing the deal, ensuring the needs of our customer remain top of mind has been really pleasing to see. Focusing on your day job, keeping product flowing, while managing a complex transition is hard. The fact that we are managing this so successfully is another proof point of our belief that BYD Electronics is the correct partner for this transaction. Taken altogether, we now expect revenue not associated with the mobility divestiture to be down 5% year-over-year on a like-for-like basis. Reflecting on all of the above, it's pretty satisfying to see the resilience of our model where despite end market choppiness, we expect to post year-on-year growth in core margins and EPS, while also driving in excess of $1 billion in free cash flows. Further, we remain committed to our previous fiscal year ‘25 guidance, inclusive of margins at 5.6% plus and EPS in excess of $10.65. In closing, I want to share a final thought. In Jabil, we are always planning our future. And as sad as I am to say goodbye to my colleagues as they transition to BYD Electronics, I would like to welcome the procurement services team from procureability and the silicon photonics technical team from Intel as they join our company. Welcome, and we look forward to your contribution as we focus on the next chapter of our company's growth and diversification. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Jabil. I will now hand the call to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Kenny; and good morning, everyone. Over the next few minutes, I plan to provide more information on the following. First, I'll walk you through our financial outlook for Q2 and FY ‘24, which remains largely consistent with our announcement on November 28, and then I'll provide an update on our accelerated buyback execution plans. With that, let's turn to the next slide for our second quarter guidance. We anticipate the Mobility transaction to close during Q2 of FY ‘24. The exact date of the close will drive where we land. For Q2, we expect total company revenue to be in the range of $7 billion to $7.6 billion. The midpoint of this range assumes the Mobility transaction closes January 31, which is consistent with our modeling assumptions in September. Core operating income for Q2 is estimated to be in the range of $339 million to $399 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $216 million to $301 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.73 to $2.13. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.77 to $1.37. Net interest expense in the second quarter is estimated to be $62 million. Before turning to our full-year guidance, it's worth noting that our Q2 guidance is materially influenced by the Mobility transaction close date. I thought it would be helpful if I provide you with the financial impact of an earlier close. For modeling purposes, a December close would reduce the midpoint of our Q2 revenue and core EPS outlook ranges by approximately $400 million and $0.30, respectively. For the year, it would also reduce our revenue outlook by $400 million, while the loss in core EPS would be expected to be offset through accelerated repurchases and lower interest expense, given the earlier receipt of net funds. Now, moving on to full-year guidance on the next slide. As we announced a few weeks ago, towards the end of our quarter, we noticed a widespread slowdown in customer demand. The majority of the slowdown we're seeing is being driven by excess inventory in our customers channel, which we view as short-term in nature. In our view, once the excess channel inventory clears up, we're optimistic that the secular trends across our business remain intact and gives us confidence in future growth. It is important to note that Jabil's net inventory days is in good shape and remains consistent with our target range of 55 days to 60 days. For FY ‘24, we expect revenue to be approximately $31 billion for our modeling assumption of a January 31 close for the Mobility transaction. Importantly, for the year, we continue to expect year-on-year growth across the end markets that are experiencing strong multi-year tailwinds, notably in renewable energy, infrastructure, electric vehicles, AI, cloud data centers and healthcare. Moving to the next slide. Despite the revenue headwinds in the near term, we are confident that we build Jabil to be more resilient as we've diversified across geographies, products, customers and end markets. Because of this, we don't expect the same level of margin erosion traditionally seen in past slowdowns. Our diversified approach, global footprint and strong relationships with customers gives us confidence in weathering these near-term challenges. We're adapting, staying focused on margins and cash flow, and committed to delivering value. Notably for FY ‘24, we still expect core operating margins to be in the range of 5.3% to 5.5%. I would now like to walk you through the dynamics of how we are able to maintain margins despite lower revenue. As a reminder, we have completely changed the construct of our business. We're in the process of divesting one of our highest fixed cost businesses. Additionally, four of our end markets, EVs, healthcare, renewables and cloud, are growing volumes year-on-year, albeit at lower levels than previously anticipated, which means deleveraging is limited as we are able to push our planned investments and costs which have not been incurred yet. In addition to pushing our ramp in investment costs, we're also moving ahead with reducing our SG&A in the back half of the year and optimizing our global footprint. All of this gives me confidence in our ability to deliver core operating margins in the 5.3% to 5.5% range in FY ‘24. Next, I'd like to provide an update on our share repurchases for the year. In Q1, we executed the previously mentioned $500 million accelerated share repurchase. In September, we originally expected to do a series of accelerated buybacks totaling $1.7 billion in FY ‘24 and $800 million in FY ‘25. We now intend to execute a series of accelerated buybacks of the entire $2.5 billion repurchase authorization in FY ‘24. As a result, I now expect WASO to be in the range of $124 million to $127 million for FY ‘24. We also now expect interest expense to be lower this year in the range of $250 million to $260 million, compared to our expectations in September, as we expect working capital levels to decline with lower revenue. All of these actions gives me confidence that we will offset lower income and deliver core earnings for FY ‘24 to be in excess of $9 per share, and our cash flow outlook for the year remains robust and we are committed to delivering adjusted free cash flow in excess of $1 billion in FY ‘24. In my view, Jabil is well positioned to navigate the current economic environment, evidenced by our performance over the past several years. We are not only well diversified, but also markedly more resilient than we were several years ago due to our intentional efforts to invest and align our resources with areas in key end markets, which are undergoing multi-year secular growth. Thank you for your time today and for joining us this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. So, as you can see, we remain well positioned and extremely bullish on the future of Jabil. Thank you for your time. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Can you address how you're managing risk in this environment? For example, what gives you confidence in the $31 billion and $9 plus in EPS guidance for fiscal ‘24, given you likely have limited visibility in the second half? The question would be, how weak can revenues be for you to still hit that $9 plus EPS target for this year? And can you also comment on any risk with Jabil's own inventory? And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Hey, thanks, Ruplu. So, first of all, let me take the last part of your question there, which is, I think, our model is relatively consistent that we don't take inventory risk. So, everything that we buy is underwritten by a forecast or a purchase order. So, we're pretty comfortable in that. And if you look at where we are in Q1, with the slowdown at 58 days, that's still industry leading. And so, we're pretty confident there. If you look at the way where our company is set up, we run divisions, we've got division leads, and we've then got a leadership team that support that. So, we're pretty intimate with our customers. And all of our team have been very, very active with our customer base. You're looking at what happened in Q1, what's happening for the balance of the year. And the feedback, although nuanced with different impacts in different end markets. And what we see is relatively consistent. And, incidentally, myself, I mean, I've been in Europe and in Asia over the last month meeting a lot of our customers also. So, the feedback is -- and remember, we get forecast, 12-months' forecast pretty much for all of our customers. And we see their feeds, we look at what they're pooling and what they're selling. So, the feedback generally is, look, we expect the next couple of quarters to be inventory correction and we think beyond that we're in decent shape, and we've baked that into what we see for the back half of the year. The other thing I'd like to emphasize is that, in the discussions we're having, and times like this ultimately can be good for us from a consolidation perspective. So, we're pretty active in a number of discussions with our customers about how can we make their business easier by helping them consolidate supply chains, so that their business is simpler to manage. So -- I mean, I would say that we're really close with our customers. The data we get is pretty consistent. And we're monitoring really closely. I mean, we'd like for the inventory to be sold through, but it's not -- and when we think it will be over the next couple of quarters. And -- but we'll bake that into our guide for Q2 for the balance of the year.
Mike Dastoor: And, Ruplu, If I could just add, and if you look at our revenue, while we've taken revenue down by $2.5 billion, about $1 billion of that is the first half. So, we're not taking the second half as it’s absolutely going to recover. We're still being conservative about the second half of the year. There's $1.5 billion coming out. Visibility is a little limited right now, not from our perspective but from our customers' perspective as well. So, we think $1.5 billion to second half is appropriate at this stage. And then if I can, let me just walk you through how we expect EPS to change, because this is a very critical and important piece. If you look at what we provided in September, we said a range of $9.30 to $9.70. If I take a midpoint of $9.50 and start from there, the revenue loss of about bill -- $2.5 billion impacts us by roughly $1.20, and that is sort of the deleveraging. When you're growing year-on-year, especially in the four end markets that we've been focused on, in automotive, healthcare, renewables, cloud, we're growing year-on-year. It's not going down. So, when you grow year-on-year, your deleverage is very limited. You can actually push out a whole bunch of investments and costs and ramps to quarters out from here. So, there's a little bit of nuance here that most people are ignoring in that we are in the right end markets. All of them are still showing growth year-on-year, albeit lower levels, but still year-on-year growth. On some of the lower margin businesses, even if you double the deleveraging there from a 3% or 4% to 8%, you still were losing some level of income, but it's not that much. The margin is not that impacted on the lower margin businesses. And then I talked a little bit about buybacks in my prepared remarks. We completed a $500 million buyback in September. That was huge. That was the biggest buyback we've ever done in a single quarter. And what I mentioned in my prepared remarks is that we are going to double down on that. So, in September, we'd anticipated doing an additional $1.2 billion in ‘24 and $800 million in ‘25. Now, all of that $2 billion left over is going to be done in FY ‘24. We think this is a good time, it's a good appropriate time to do it when there's a slowdown going in. We still feel we're highly undervalued and buybacks are the best return we can get from our free cash flows, from the proceeds of the funds that we will get once the Mobility divestiture is done. So, it's a bit of a long-winded answer, but you could pick up $0.40, $0.50 quite easily between buyback and lower interest cost as well. Interest will be lower because working capital will be lower because of lower revenue. Plus, after yesterday's news, if interest rates do what the Fed is saying, I think there's a little bit of pickup there as well. So, there's a whole bunch of puts and takes, but we feel pretty strong about the $9 plus.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thank you for all the details there, Mike and Kenny. I appreciate that. Let me ask you a follow up question, which is really the same question for fiscal ‘25. I mean, you're guiding for $10.65 plus EPS and you're maintaining the operating margin target of 5.6% plus. What -- again, the question is, what revenue level do you need to see in fiscal ‘25 to be able to hit that $10.65 target? And you mentioned that you can push out some investments, but is there any risk to doing that in terms of hurting future revenue growth? So, just your thoughts on maintaining the guidance that you had for fiscal ‘25 and how confident you are in that? Thank you so much. I appreciate the details.
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So, Ruplu, if you look at our Q3 and Q4 run rates, obviously we provided $31 billion as the annual revenue number. We've done Q1 and Q2, so you can extrapolate the second half of the year. If you take those run rates into FY ‘25, some small level of recovery, we're not even thinking of a big recovery coming through, some level of new business which is already in the pipeline, by the way, so we're working on multiple new business wins. And, overall, if you -- even from a smaller base, if you grow by 4%, 5%, 6%, the margin, we're going to be doing 5.4% at least at the midpoint from 5.3% to 5.5% that we said in 2024. It's -- 5.6% in ‘25 is not a stretch. So, margins, we expect that to be higher. If you look at the lower WASO, we'll have not only in FY ‘24 as a result of us doing the entire $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization in ‘24, there is an impact in ‘25 as well, because you're getting the entire WASO impact in ‘25. So, overall, I think FY ‘25 is in really good shape.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details.
Kenny Wilson: Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on some of the comments you just made on the revenues and how it's playing out by the different served markets. So, you mentioned that new program costs are down, so I guess you're seeing pushouts in certain markets. But then you also mentioned that customer forecasts are coming down, which I assume is for existing programs mainly. So, I was wondering if you could sort of dissect not every single line item, but just sort of big picture where you're seeing more new program pushouts and why and where it's more related to current end demand? And then I had a follow-up.
Kenny Wilson: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So, I would say, I mean, if we -- if I run through our end markets, just to give you some color, so 5G is obviously soft, and you see that from the customers that we serve. A slowdown in end markets there and our network and switching business, we see the kind of campus and enterprise space, softer with an inventory glut, but we're really going great guns and accelerated switching around the AI space. So, that's been pretty positive for us. In healthcare, ortho is down, but pharma and med devices are up. And then in auto, which I think is a part -- in terms of your question about new products, we see the new products getting pushed out there to some degree. What I would always say is that or what we've always said is that, look, we think our auto business is going to be up into the right, but it's not going to be linear, it's going to be lumpy. And we see that. And if you look at the auto market, where people are saying that the expectation is that it's going to grow 20%, 30%, but you look at the inventory in the lots right now. So, we see some push out in automotive. Although to Mike's earlier point, we're still growing pretty nicely there. And then, on renewables, so we look at, kind of, residential slowing down with interest rates, effectively commercial still going reasonably okay. We see a kind of slowdown in energy storage as people wait for the IRA to really get bedded in. But we think the backlog here is going to recover relatively quickly thereafter. So, I think -- I mean, that's some of the key end markets I mentioned in cloud, where AI is really driving our cloud business. We're operating in a new facility to support that. So, we're up there. And so, generally, renewables is a little bit softer with some new product being delayed. We do see consolidation in the renewable space, which I think is going to help us for sure as the industry recovers there. And then -- and automotive is just a push out of some orders, but -- so hopefully that answers your question.
Mike Dastoor: And if I could just add, if you look at EVs, I think, everyone has seen the choppiness, everyone has seen the increased inventories at dealers, et cetera. I think the early adapters have already played out and they've got their EVs. It now becomes a question of cost. All the OEMs, all the EV companies are going to try and get their cost down. Who do you go to when you want to get your cost down? To an EMS company. So, this value proposition that EMS provides from an EV manufacturing perspective, we're well positioned for EVs, we're well positioned for hybrids. If you look at the battery management systems, the compute modules, the optics, all of that, we're in a good space to actually provide some value to OEMs who have to now take their costs down a bit, because that's the second wave of EV will be cost based, not the early adoption wave that we just rode a few quarters ago.
Steven Fox: Great. That's very helpful. And then just as a follow up, Mike, I know you're still saying $1 billion plus for free cash flow, but off of the November announcement, if I just changed the revenue assumptions and kept my working capital turn numbers, the lower sales was like worth $200 million more of free cash flow by my calculation. Is that the type of sort of change in free cash flow we can see off of the revised guidance, or am I missing something?
Mike Dastoor: So, obviously, part of free cash flow is income, Steve. And when you lose $2.5 billion, you do lose income. Even though your margin is maintained, the dollars do come out. So, there is an offset. You're absolutely right on the working capital. Working capital does go down, and that is sort of baked in, but you also lose the income. The other area that we're looking at is CapEx very carefully. We've always been disciplined. In these times, we're even more disciplined and if we're pushing out investments, we're pushing out some level of CapEx that would help free cash flow as well. And it's early days, Steve. That's why we've stuck with the $1 billion plus. But do I expect it to be higher than that? Yes.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thank you. I had just another question related to inventories and free cash flow. You talked about that gross number of days, I think 78 days, which is down. And the net number, I guess, roughly 25% of your inventory is backed by customer deposits. But given that lead times are pretty short for components, wouldn't we assume that customers will want that cash back? In other words, as you reduce inventory, you have to pay them back, and they don't need to give you more cash deposits, because there isn't that need for buffer or the shortage situation that we saw a couple of years ago. And how does that impact the future free cash flow?
Mike Dastoor: So, let me just answer that in a slightly different way than you've asked it. I expected, and I've always expected inventory days to be in the 55 to 60-day range. When inventory goes up, the inventory deposits go up in sync. When inventory days start coming down or normalizing, yes, there is a level of return on the inventory deposits. So, a quick answer to your question is, are we going to see a pop in free cash flow because inventories are going to go down? The answer is no. It's not a pop in free cash flow. It will still be in the 55 to 60 days. It's just a matter of the gross number going down and the inventory deposits going down in sync. So, that's something we're good at managing. That's something we have really good relationships with customers, and we're always working on that particular front. So, no, free cash flow won't get a pop. It's already baked into our numbers at that 55, 60, and that's where it will stay.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, Kenny, just back to the pre-announcement from a couple of weeks ago. That came a couple of months after you had guided for the November quarter, and then you saw, obviously, a big cut across your customer base, and you seem to be lagging some of your competitors in terms of what they saw, right. We saw some -- one of your big competitors a month earlier take down numbers in a similar way. So, what do you think the difference is in terms of -- and I know that the supply we were seeing a rolling correction, right, different end markets. But why do you think you're seeing it later than some competitors? Is it because of end markets or because of other reasons?
Kenny Wilson: Yes. I mean, I think, there's a little bit of when people report the results and -- but from our perspective, we've seen that late in our quarter, wherein some of the end markets are nuanced to some degree as of the customers, but generally we've seen it broad-based across our customers. And we also see that a lot of our customers report calendar quarters, and it was really the back end of their announcements where they took actions to reduce our outlook. So, I mean, I would push back quite strongly that our visibility into our customer base is disconnected and that we don't do a good a job of that as our competitors, to be honest. I think, it's just time and based on -- we got that feedback in -- toward the back end of our quarter. So, that would be my answer.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. I appreciate it. Yes, I wasn't suggesting that at all. I was just trying to figure out the perspective. Thank you very much.
Kenny Wilson: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. If I can just start with one on the end markets and just wanted to confirm first, I know you're mentioning broad-based weakness that you saw across your end markets, but just trying to rank out of the weakness that you're seeing and what you're embedding in that sort of $2.5 billion reduction in the guide, looks like it's more autos and industrial and semi-cap and going to, one, confirm that I'm sort of interpreting that right? Secondly, how do you -- just, overall, you're describing a lot of the weakness as temporary, but how do you address concerns on the EV market in particular? When I think the average investor out there is thinking that EV penetration looking five years out is now going to be probably a lot lower than what it was expected to be just given sort of the demand profile we are seeing now. So, any thoughts around how this changes the more sort of long-term growth profile on EVs for you? And I have a quick follow-up after that. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Yes. So, let me take the EV one first. And we've always -- I mean, we've grown 40% and we've said that that would slow down this year. I mean, we are still bullish on the EV space in the longer term. And remember that although that the demand moves up and down and we look at this in the longer term, five, six, seven, 10-years. And so, from our perspective -- and then what we do is, we look at where is the demand patterns? And we've got a global footprint. We do things consistently across the globe. So, the fact that there's growth in Asia and it slows down in other markets means that we've got a footprint in each of those regions. We've -- the customer base that we have is really positive, is really -- we've got a really good customer base focused in North America, Europe and in Asia. So, we're able to adapt to changes in demand cycles. And if you look right now in China, where the demand is picking up, we build EVs in China, we've got multiple customers here. So, we think the long-term trend is good there. We think we're in the right areas. We think we're in the right markets, and we think we've got the right capabilities. So, we think it's going to be up and to the right. Is it going to be 20%, 30%, 40%? We think we can adapt it to any of those numbers. So, we're pretty confident in the long-term of our EV strategy. So, in terms of other markets, we're still growing. I think, we said in prepared remarks that our auto business is going to grow at 11%, healthcare and packaging 6%. So, as Mike mentioned, the areas of our business that we're really focused on growing with secular tailwinds, we think are -- still continue to grow. Renewables at 7%. So, yes, we think that we're in a good spot across all of those end markets.
Samik Chatterjee: And for my follow up, I -- the question that we are getting most from investors on margins today is you mentioned the push out in terms of investment. When you think about margin guidance for next year, is the assumption that some of those investments don't need to sort of be put back into the model next year as you're pushing them out of fiscal ‘24, or is the margin guidance maintained despite assuming those investments come back next year? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: No. So, I think the way to think of this is the revenue comes out, the cost comes out. When the revenue comes back, as we expect it to be sometime in FY ‘25, those costs will come back, but there will be an offset. So, net-net, the impact on margin will be neutral. I think, we've said 5.3% to 5.5%. I think, we've got to remember we've changed the construct of our business completely. The four end markets do not underestimate that those continue to grow. It's not by chance that we happen to be in those four end markets. Over the last few years, we've intentionally focused on those end markets, because we always thought those were the long-term secular end markets. I think, overall, the way to think about cost push outs, it's completely dependent on whether that revenue is there. If the revenue suddenly comes back, those costs will come back. So, I'm not saying a 5.3% to 5.5% will suddenly jump up if those revenues come back. We have other plans on making margin continue to go up as we continue to change the mix, as we continue to add new operational efficiencies, the automation side, AI/ML, robotics, all of that will continue to provide on an annualized basis, in my view, at least 10 to 20 basis points by itself. And the mix of the business, the revenue piece will provide the balance. So, yes, I think the push outs is completely revenue driven.
Samik Chatterjee: All right. That's clear. Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from George Wang from Barclays. Your line is now live.
George Wang: Oh, hey, guys. Yes. Just kind of want to double click on the connected devices. You guys didn't elaborate too much in the prepared remark. Just you guys took down now expecting down 25% versus 15% last time, and kind of on the heels of down 15% last year, FY 2023. Just curious, kind of any mostly broad-based slowdown within the connected devices, or kind of one of the few customers, kind of, driving the weakness. Maybe you can kind of double click there?
Kenny Wilson: Yes. Hey, George, thanks for the question. So, we always talk about connected devices as effectively what we do for consumer. We view that as being an area where we can incubate capabilities that can support us across the rest of our business. What we do find is that we got to be quite selective there, because, A, it's consumer short life cycles you're dependent sometimes and if products are successful or not. Sometimes there's an expectation in margins that the margins will be pretty tight for us. So, it's not a case of us defocusing in that side of our business, but it's a case of us being selective in terms of the margin profile for some specific programs. So, I think, you'll see, and you should see it across our network. And I think to the previous question on margins. Look, we [Technical Difficulty] and that support our capabilities and that support our cash flows and margins. So, I think, in this instance, it's a case of -- it's really maybe one or two other areas of our business where we're just choosing not to engage, because we think that we can add more value for our customers with the capabilities in different end markets.
George Wang: Okay. That makes sense. I just have a quick follow-up. Just kind of in terms of the AI data center, kind of, in terms of the consignment model shift. How much additional margin you guys can extract from this consignment shift? Obviously, it's additive to the bottom line and the kind of margin profile. And, also, maybe you can talk about kind of slightly more just on the projects ramping within the AI. That's being a pretty popular topic with investors nowadays.
Mike Dastoor: I think, there's multiple ways of looking at the AI piece. AI and the new GPUs that drive our requirements, that drive space requirements, it's going to exponentially continue to sort of grow on an annual basis. The margin stack on what we do today will be relatively stable. It's the new services that we provide, the new value-add that we'll be looking at in terms of liquid cooling, photonics, those are the pieces that we think will be highly margin accretive. I'm not suggesting that will happen immediately, but over time I do expect the AI cloud data centers the margin to go up, that entire stack to be more value-add based.
George Wang: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Vogt from UBS. Your line is now live.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks, guys, for squeezing me in. So, maybe, Kenny, one for you first. Obviously, since the pre-release, you've had a couple of weeks to kind of go back and do, sort of, I would imagine, a deeper dive in terms of the categories and what your customers are saying. How do you frame sort of the inventory digestion? I know, at the time, you said, maybe one to two quarters, and I think I heard you say two quarters. Is that kind of the latest feedback that you're hearing from your partners today? And then one for Mike on capital allocation. I think, I heard you say you're going to do the entire $2.5 billion buyback in fiscal 2024. So, I know you normally don't talk about the following year, but what do you think that means for fiscal 2025 in the context of your $10.65 EPS guidance reiteration? Thanks.
Kenny Wilson: Hey, David, thank you. So, on inventory correction, David, as I mentioned, that subsequent to meeting you in Phoenix, our folks have been out meeting our customers, as I have. I would say that the sentiment certainly hasn't got worse, and, if anything, marginally better, but it's still in some areas a quarter, and a lot of areas a couple of quarters. So, it's relatively consistent with what we discussed in Phoenix. So, no change to the negative, maybe just slightly more positive. But just to reemphasize that, the discussions we're having -- what we see is, we are seeing opportunities to -- our customers are looking to consolidate their supply chains with fewer suppliers and that's positive for us -- long-term positive for us.
Mike Dastoor: And, David, from a buyback perspective, you're absolutely right. We're going to try and get the whole $2.5 billion done this year. That not only has a positive impact on WASO in FY ‘24, I think we've said 124 million to 127 million WASO by the end of ‘24. And then for FY ‘25, we'll have a normalized buyback program. And if you look back at our history over the last six, seven, eight, 10 years, we've done about $500 million a year. So, it will be safe again. We don't have the authorization from the Board yet for that FY ‘25. It's early days. But I'd expect that to be in that $500 million range. And when you add all the early buybacks in ‘24 plus that our WASO goes down to $110 million to $115 million depending on share price, so it is the best use of our funds. And I keep saying that with our history, what we've done over the last few years proves that out, that we've been -- we put our money where our mouth is, and we will continue to do so as we feel we're still highly undervalued.
David Vogt: Great. And can I just make a quick follow-up? I think, Mike mentioned lower interest rates could have a stimulative effect on the business. Maybe, Kenny, if you can kind of help us think about where do you think the most impact could be felt by end market, which is the most sensitive to rates? Given your mix, I would imagine more of the...
Kenny Wilson: Renewables for sure.
David Vogt: Right, exactly.
Kenny Wilson: Yes. Renewables for sure. I mean, if we look at our -- we've developed a -- developing really great capabilities in the renewable space and we're kind of just waiting for things to bed down and guidance from -- through with the IRA. But also interest rates for sure are impacting solar rollouts in the residential space. So, I would say, out of all of our businesses -- auto will help us also, obviously, and -- but I think renewables would be the number one. We would expect to see a tailwind there.
Mike Dastoor: I would also expect some level of enterprise level spend to improve. I think, a lot of CFOs have been pulling back on purchases, enterprise level purchases, with interest rates going down. And just the whole macro environment changes on that perspective. So, we do expect other end markets to have an impact. Will it happen immediately? Probably not, but over time it will have a positive impact for us and for almost every other company as well.
David Vogt: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Melissa Fairbanks from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hey, guys, thanks very much. Talk about getting in under the wire. I'm curious about the comment that you've made or the comments that you've made on supply chain consolidation in renewables. I know supply chain services, this is one area that's driving more, like, direct customer engagement in your business overall. So, in renewables, are you working directly with these customers managing their supply chain, or is this consolidation happening further downstream?
Kenny Wilson: Yes. Hey, Melissa. So, I would disconnect the two a little bit. So, what -- there's been some announcements from us on supply chain services. We just had our supplier summit actually yesterday and today, which has been fabulous to meet with our suppliers. We've been talking supply chain services for a long time and we're just putting the building blocks in place to make that material for us in the longer term, but obviously to support our customers. In terms of supply chain consolidation, what we're finding is that, and it goes back to, I think, pre-COVID, where the world thought that supply chain diversification was good. So, have multiple suppliers be dual sourced. And then people found out that that was hugely difficult to manage. So, when you get dislocations like this, our customers are thinking, how can I simplify my life? How can I simplify my world? I mean, people look at our inventory relative to our peers and they're saying, well, maybe that's an indicator of that I should be safe with Jabil. And what we see is just discussions around, look, can you -- can we -- can you manage my supply chain? Can you build it in your sites? It gives me less people to engage with as long as you can trust it and you can deliver. So, it really is that and dislocation that's driving those discussions and that's happened. If I look at other times like this, that -- what we've found has been good for our business if you look at the pre to post-COVID. So, we do expect that this will be good for us also in the longer term.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay. All right. Great. Maybe as a follow-up. I'm glad you mentioned silicon photonics a couple of questions ago. I think, this acquisition is really interesting in terms of adding value, but we haven't really talked about it a lot. Does the acquisition of the Intel silicon photonics business, does this bring any revenue along with it, or is it simply about bringing in more of the supply stack internally, and it's already kind of reflected in your business? And then longer term, does this provide more of a competitive moat in AI?
Kenny Wilson: Yes. So, for sure, let me talk about the -- let me just give you a little bit of background on that and then talk about what we're doing. We did an acquisition in 2014 of optical business, a small optical business with a tuck-in capability like we do. And we've been gradually building that. And the key for us was it was in the telco space, but it was always going to be focused on the datacom space in the longer term, that's where we've seen the value. So, we've been growing that capability. It's not hugely material for us, but the capability is something that we think we can develop. So, this Intel opportunity is, it really came out of a discussion with our cloud providers where they're looking for us to -- they're looking to disaggregate supply chains and want us to be more vertical. So, we pick up a capability that's got 400 gig, we're developing 800 gig and then 1.6 T. So, the technical team that come along with that will help us really, really engage in that technical roadmap. What that does is, I think, it's a competitive moat, because people do look for, can I minimize the number of suppliers and who can add more value. For sure, in the AI data centers, photonics is going to becoming more and more critical with power related. So, we see all of that as a positive. And, I think, that we have baked some of the revenues into our guide through 2024 into 2025. But I do think that as we develop the 1.6 T capability, then I think that you'll see that become much, much more material and namely look for other areas of our business. And we -- that's a big play, for example, in automotive, which we haven't talked about, because this is focused on telco and data center. And automotive, there's going to be a play there. And, I mean, I'd like to call out, Matt Crowley is driving that. But KW, who manages that for us out of Asia, is just an industry expert. So, we're feeling -- and the Intel team that are getting better than are selling in real well. So, we're feeling pretty bullish about that in the longer term, Melissa. So, thanks for asking.
Melissa Fairbanks: Great. Thanks very much. That's it for me, guys.
Kenny Wilson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Good morning, and thanks very much for taking my questions. Question on regionalization, and are you still seeing customers looking to have more of their manufacturing done in North America in order to improve supply chain resiliency, or have changes in demand and component lead times meaningfully altered any of those customer plans?
Kenny Wilson: Hey Mark, it's an interesting question. So I think it's nuanced by end market. So for sure in renewables, we're seeing a real push for -- to get the benefit of the incentives into being and North America. That's 100%. In fact, we're active. And a relatively large scale in that discussion where you expect more from us in the next three to six months. So definitely in renewables. Outside of that, I think the pace is relatively consistent. We're still seeing -- I mean I think your point about regionalization. We are still being asked to can we build more EVs for North America and Mexico, can we build them in Europe for the European market and obviously, tariffs, et cetera, and Asia for Asia. So I don't think that's necessarily speed up any or slowed down other than in the renewables space, we're definitely seeing a pickup and ask for us to be localized. So let me also qualify that by saying -- in the cloud space, the secure supply there becomes quite important, and we think that, that's going to be a tailwind for us in the longer term. We talked earlier with Melissa on Photonics, which I think will be a player also -- so I think cloud renewables and the rest of the business is relatively consistent.
Mark Delaney: My other question is on margins and recognizing the outlook the company has for improved margins and also the progress you've made over the last several years. I'm so hoping to better understand as you're seeing lead times for components normalize as you're seeing weaker demand, have you seen any change in your ability to pass through higher cost and negotiate with customers around pricing in light of those changing market conditions?
Kenny Wilson: I mean, I would -- we talk about kind of -- people talk about leverage with customers, and we don't view it that way at all. As I mentioned, we've got a supplier summit right now for surely things are coming down. I mean we pass through -- renegotiate a lot of -- and our customers' behalf, and then we pass that through to our customers and we engage with our suppliers. So -- as we've not seen any pickup in our reduction in margins based on lead times being reduced and our business is -- we write that up and down. And so no, we don't see any real changes there.
Mark Delaney: Thank you and happy holidays.
Kenny Wilson: Thanks, Mark. All the best.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you very much for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Jabil. Everyone here would like to wish all those a very happy holiday, a peaceful holiday, and we are looking forward to joining the S&P 500 tomorrow. So have a great holiday.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-09-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Jabil Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call Webcast and Investor Briefing. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations. Adam, please go ahead.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to our call today. My name is Adam Berry. I'm Head of Investor Relations, and this is our Q4 earnings call and the sixth annual investor briefing. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Kenny Wilson; EVP of Global Business Units, Fred McCoy; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. For the sixth straight year, we're going to use this session today to accomplish the following: review our fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 results; discuss the trends underway within the end markets we serve; provide an update for our pending transaction to sell the Mobility business to BYD Electronics; refresh our capital allocation policy given the pending deal; offer a thoughtful fiscal '24 outlook that demonstrates enterprise level growth in some key areas while also remaining sensible and grounded given the realities of the dynamic global macro environment surrounding us today; and finally, we'll do our very best to walk through the many moving pieces we foresee in the upcoming year as we work to make our business more profitable and more sustainable. But before we jump into the details, please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with these slides, please visit jabil.com within the Investor Relations portion of the website. At the conclusion of today's call, the entirety of today's presentation will be posted there for audio playback. I'd now like to ask that you follow our presentation with slides on the website beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, and other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With that, I'd now like to shift our focus to our fourth quarter results, where the team delivered approximately $8.5 billion in revenue, equal to the midpoint of our guidance range. Core operating income for the quarter came in stronger than expected at $477 million, or 5.6% of revenue. This is up 60 basis points on a year-over-year basis and 80 basis points sequentially, driven by strong execution across both segments. Net interest expense in the quarter came in better than expected at $71 million, reflecting good progress by the team on inventory and solid working capital management. From a GAAP perspective, operating income was $441 million, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.15. Core diluted earnings per share was $2.45, a 5% improvement over the prior year, and towards the upper end of our guidance range. Revenue for the DMS segment came in better than expected at $4.4 billion, up marginally compared to the same timeframe from a year ago, driven by strength in our Auto and Healthcare businesses. This strength was completely offset by continued weakness in Connected Devices. Core operating margin for the segment came in at 6.1%, 100 basis points higher than the same quarter from a year ago, given the solid mix and the normal seasonal pattern within our Mobility business. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $4 billion, down roughly 13% year-over-year and approximately $200 million below expectations. As expected, during the quarter, we saw a major revenue shift in our cloud business, driven by our previously announced transition of certain components we procure and integrate to a customer-controlled consignment service model. In Q4, the overall mix of consigned components came in higher than expected. For the quarter, core margins for EMS were 5.2%, up 40 basis points year-over-year, reflecting strength in renewables, which is in our industrial portion of our business, and the aforementioned consignment shift. In fiscal '23, our DMS segment revenue was $18 billion, an increase of 8% year-over-year. In particular, it's worth highlighting our Automotive and Healthcare businesses, which were up 42% and 12%, respectively. Core operating margin for the segment came in at 5%, up 10 basis points year-over-year. In EMS, core margins for the year were strong, also coming in at 5%, 70 basis points higher than the prior year on revenue of $16.7 billion. The strength in fiscal '23 income was driven by growth in renewables within our Industrial and Semi-Cap market as well as the benefit from consignment. Next, I'd like to begin with an update on our cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Beginning with inventory, which saw good improvement sequentially by four days to 80 days. More importantly, net of inventory deposits from our customers, inventory days were also down four days to 58 in Q4. Our fourth quarter cash flows from operations were strong, coming in at $686 million. Net capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $28 million and, for the full fiscal year, came in lower than expected at $708 million, mainly due to the timing of CapEx payments that are shifting to Q1 from Q4. As a result of the strong fourth quarter performance in cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the year came in higher than expected at approximately $1 billion. With this, we ended the quarter with cash balances of $1.8 billion and total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.1 times. For the year, we repurchased 6.7 million shares for $487 million, leaving us with $776 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization as of August 31. Please note that in Q4, we were out of the repurchase market mostly as a result of the pending Mobility deal. As Mike will share in a few minutes, when our opportunity to buy back reopens, we plan to accelerate repurchases in Q1 fiscal '24. As I flip to the next slide, looking at the five-year financials, it's hard to believe that another year is in the books for Jabil. And as I look ahead, I can't help but think that there's so much more opportunity ahead for us. In a moment, I'll hand the call over to Kenny, Fred, and Mike, but before I do, I want to spend a few minutes setting the stage for what you're going to hear today. Over the next couple minutes, I think you're going to hear a lot of the same from us. From a financial target perspective, you're going to hear us talk about winning our unfair share of business and leveraging those wins to drive margin expansion, free cash flow generation, and further shareholder return. From an end market perspective, you're going to hear more about the areas of our business which continue to see solid double-digit growth and why we believe we're one of the best positioned companies to benefit from global trends such as electric and autonomous driving, digital healthcare, AI infrastructure, and the long-term shift to renewable energy. But there's some new dynamics to share today as well, and as a team, we're excited to share a few key updates. For starters, you may have noticed that our previously announced transaction to sell our Mobility business to BYD Electronics has moved from the preliminary stages of agreement to a definitive agreement, as announced earlier this week. As we move through our session today, you'll hear from both Kenny and Mike as they weave the strategic rationale and financial impact into our economic model. At the same time, we have some updates to provide today on capital allocation framework, given that the Mobility definitive agreement is now in place. And then given that fiscal '24 will be transitional for Jabil, in terms of closing the Mobility transaction and the subsequent planned accelerated buybacks, Mike will offer a viewpoint of fiscal '25, including the full impact of both initiatives. So, with that, I'll now hand it over to Kenny.
Kenny Wilson: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. Thanks for joining us today. As Adam highlighted, fiscal year '23 was another strong year, and I am pleased with the progress we've made relative to our financial objectives. Every day at Jabil, we strive to do the right thing. It is how we are wired. So, it's heartening when looking at our end-of-year report card to see that we are making progress on all fronts. Most satisfying for me is the resilience of our model, where despite end market choppiness, we posted very impressive year-on-year growth in core margins, up 40 basis points to 5%, earnings up 12%, and EPS up 13%, while also driving in excess of $1 billion in free cash flows. This time of year also sees us complete our annual strategic planning process. And it is reassuring to note that similar to last year, we reconfirmed our focus on investing in key areas of our business, including electric vehicles and autonomous driving, AI cloud solutions, renewable energy and healthcare. All of this sets a firm foundation for fiscal year '24 and beyond, and is a testament to our customer-centric model, which is both robust and adaptable to changes in end market. The next slide shows how these characteristics have shaped the last 10 years. And seen in this context, fiscal '23 was just another step in the journey. If I was looking for one word to summarize activities highlighted, it would be intentionality. We have and will continue to be very intentional as we look to grow and modify the mix of business to include longer lifecycle industries like healthcare with the acquisition of Nypro and our strategic collaboration with JJMD. In addition, we have also increased investment, both organically and inorganically, in emerging technologies. We view our capabilities as a match for important end markets, like renewable energy, infrastructure, electric vehicles, and cloud data centers. From an enterprise perspective, we began materially redirecting more and more of our free cash flows to buybacks and reinvest in ourselves at very attractive valuations. And finally, just a few weeks back, we unveiled yet another step on our journey as we announced the pending divestiture of our Mobility business to BYD Electronics for $2.2 billion. As we move into fiscal year '24 and beyond, you can continue to rely on this leadership team to allocate capital with a view to expanding shareholder value. I'd now like to spend a little time talking about our decision to sell the Mobility business. As you know, over the past five years, I've had the privilege both to lead and work alongside some of the most skilled and talented manufacturing engineers, operations leaders and material scientists in the world. And during that time, we were fortunate to build an incredible business while also delivering best-in-class products for one of the world's greatest brands. I had the front row seat, unlike any other, to truly appreciate and develop a deep understanding of the level of complexity involved in introducing and manufacturing precision mechanics at huge scale for our largest customer. This perspective provides me some credibility to make the claim that our Mobility team is second to none when it comes to innovative automation, tooling design, and manufacturing of these components at scale. And I also truly believe this talented organization can reach new heights when their capability is matched by a supportive business model focused on significant growth. To all my friends in the Mobility business, I will miss you deeply. Thanks for showing your company at its best, for never flinching from the sometimes seemingly unsurmountable asks, and doing so all with humility, professionalism, and great skill. It has been my honor to be a part of your team. Looking forward, I think your particular skill sets can be leveraged in endless ways. And while it's bittersweet to say goodbye to some great friends and colleagues, I know this is the best route for our customers, employees, and shareholders alike. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Fred to go deeper into our end markets, but before that, I wanted to reaffirm what you can expect from me as CEO. I will work tirelessly on your behalf to ensure that we are in the correct end markets and geographies with the correct capabilities to serve our customers. I will continue to ensure that our capital allocation is shareholder friendly, while appropriately funding our growth. And all of this will be underpinned by an unwavering passion and commitment to preserve, protect and grow our unique culture, which is the foundation of everything that is great about our company. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Jabil. I will now turn the call over to Fred.
Fred McCoy: Thanks, Kenny. Good morning, everyone. As you've heard from Adam and Kenny, there's a lot going on at Jabil at the moment and quite a lot to be excited about. It's my privilege to join the call today and, over the next few minutes, to walk you through the demand dynamics inside our diversified markets and how we see each shaping up for the coming year. As we move into FY '24, we continue to expect growth in our business to be headlined by end markets that are benefiting from strong multi-year tailwinds, specifically renewable energy infrastructure, electric vehicles, AI cloud data centers, and healthcare. Let's begin with what's going on in our Industrial and Semi-Cap end market on the next slide. In Industrial, we're experiencing robust growth in clean and smart energy infrastructure, as governments globally implement legislation such as the Inflation Reduction Act in the United States to increase investment in new projects. As a reminder, we play across the entire energy value chain from energy generation, power conversion, transmission, storage, and metering, and to the management of power inside homes and buildings. These projects have multi-year investment timelines, independent of underlying short-term economic growth forecasts. So, we feel comfortable with the visibility we have in this space given these elongated infrastructure build-outs. As an example, a relatively new market that we're particularly excited about is the energy storage systems market, from grid level to inside the home and in support of rapid EV charging. On the back of several recent wins in the U.S. and Europe, we expect this space to drive solid growth in the coming years, leveraging our investments in battery module integration. We are well positioned to support growth in the renewable energy infrastructure space due to a unique combination of power engineering expertise, in-region manufacturing, and supply chain capabilities. As a result, we expect revenue for our industrial business to be up more than 20% in FY '24. Offsetting this growth slightly is our Semi-Cap business, as we anticipate market demand to remain muted for most of our fiscal year. As a reminder, our Semi-Cap business spans both front-end, with gear that turns wafer into chips, to the back-end with gear that inspects and tests the wafer or resulting chips. Our strategy in this end market has been very thoughtful due to the high cyclicality of the market, and we've been very focused around how we've invested in this business, expecting demand to remain muted in FY '24 while preparing the capabilities and regional footprint for us to be well positioned to grow when the market moves higher as end market demand rebounds. Within our Automotive and Transport business, we continue to expect growth to be driven by the global transition to electric vehicles. For FY '24, we expect another year of 20%-plus revenue growth, despite what is a choppy overall global demand environment. The global shift to EVs continues to accelerate, and we expect EVs to represent a larger share of the global auto market in FY '24, regardless of near-term global growth dynamics. In this space, we support an increasingly diverse set of the world's leading automotive OEMs as they launch new electric vehicle platforms across multiple geographies. Our focus areas in the EV market we refer to as ACES, or ADAS and autonomous, connectivity, electrification, and software-defined vehicle architecture. In the EV market, we support products such as compute and control modules, power conversion, battery management, optical camera modules, LiDAR, and other sensors, as well as charging solutions. The path to mass adoption of electric vehicles globally is exceedingly complex, and there are very few companies that are as well positioned as Jabil to support customers' multiple complex program ramps on multiple continents with industry-leading supply chain, design and manufacturing capabilities. Moving to cloud. Our cloud solutions continue to resonate with customers of all sizes, from large hyperscalers to Tier 2 cloud providers, such as technology companies and leading financial firms. Today, cloud represents a relatively small portion of overall global IT spend, but we expect secular growth in this area to accelerate, including the related data center infrastructure, especially with the proliferation of AI and ML. Next-generation clouds, and especially AI cloud data centers, present unique challenges to customers. AI workloads, which are powered by extremely powerful GPUs that consume significantly more energy and drive increased data generation. This creates three challenges: insufficient power supply on the grid to support expanded data center needs; heat generation that surpasses the capabilities of air-cooled data centers; and enhanced data interconnections between racks to support increased data inside the data center. Our design-to-dust capabilities continue to resonate with customers, and we are investing in the areas of data center infrastructure services, liquid cooling, and silicon photonics to help our customers solve the above challenges. Jabil is extremely well positioned to support customers as they incorporate innovative technologies into their data centers. And with the asset-light nature of the business, we have maximum flexibility to adapt and support customer needs around the world. We're already seeing success in this area. Jabil was recently awarded and began production of our largest cloud customers' artificial intelligence rack configurations that are GPU dense, which are consigned. Because these components are among those consigned, we will see year-over-year headwinds to revenue, especially in the first half of the year. In spite of the revenue decline, the underlying business and associated unit volumes, however, are expected to grow by more than 20% in FY '24. In Healthcare, we expect another robust growth year with revenue up 9% year-on-year. In the healthcare space, the range of products we design and manufacture lean into digital healthcare trends and include: highly complex diagnostic equipment and related consumables; orthopedics, including 3D printed implantables; precision health and medical devices, like minimally invasive devices; and pharma solutions, including smart injection delivery devices for diabetes and obesity drugs. Jabil's credibility in the healthcare space as the largest EMS provider in the space positions us well to take advantage of the outsourcing of manufacturing trends. In the coming years, we expect OEMs to continue to accelerate this outsourcing trend regardless of global macro growth. A recession-resistant end market with long product lifecycles and accretive margins and stable cash flows is why healthcare continues to be such a critical component of our diversified portfolio. Within Digital Print and Retail, we're seeing slower demand in legacy print and point of sale markets. This is being offset by growth in warehouse and retail automation markets, as we have a number of key wins that will be ramping in the back half of the fiscal year. These wins leverage unique capabilities in 3D printing of production components, robotics, engineering software and integration, and complex manufacturing automation. Our recent success shows we are well positioned in these end markets to help our customers bring next-generation automation technologies to market. Within our Networking and Storage end markets, we continue our ongoing efforts to optimize our portfolio as we prioritize margins and cash flows. We also expect overall market demand to be muted this year. Longer term, however, we anticipate growth coming from new programs in development for advanced optical networking, for high-performance data center interconnect that will support growth in cloud and AI data center applications. And finally within our Connected Devices business, demand remain soft, reflective of weakness in consumer goods spending. We expect another year of market... [Technical Difficulty]
Mike Dastoor: [Technical Difficulty] ...and set of capabilities to deliver for our customers. With that, let's turn to the next slide. We heard Fred take us through each of our end markets and how we plan to optimize this portfolio even further. We continue to benefit from multiple long-term secular growth end markets, such as electric vehicles, healthcare, renewables, and AI-driven cloud data centers. In fact, for FY '24, we expect these four end markets to make up nearly 70% of our FY '24 revenue mix, excluding the revenue associated with the Mobility sale. Upon closing the Mobility transaction, we no longer anticipate having any customer that represents 10% or more of revenue. The long-term viability of these end markets continues to give me a high level of confidence as we navigate a range of economic scenarios while expanding margins and free cash flows. Next slide. FY '24 is a pivotal year in our journey. After considering a range of scenarios with differing outcomes associated with the timing of the Mobility transaction close, we thought it might be helpful to provide a time-based range for FY '24 results including our Mobility business until the transaction close date and highlight the FY '25 outlook excluding Mobility and after considering the full impact of accelerated share repurchases. But before I do that, I'd like to walk you through some assumptions we have used, most of which we have already discussed on this call. For FY '24, we assume economic conditions remain challenged for the consumer, which we have reflected in our consumer-related end market guidance. In the coming year, we continue to optimize our end market portfolio in Networking and Storage. As Fred mentioned earlier, we began production of our largest cloud customers' artificial intelligence rack configurations. These racks are GPU dense and are among the components that have transitioned to a customer control consignment service model, which has effectively doubled the consignment percentage from a year ago. While volumes are expected to grow by more than 20%, we expect the shift to result in lower revenue as compared to last year of approximately $500 million in Q1 and approximately $200 million in Q2. Within our Mobility business in Q1, we expect the change in work content associated with new products to impact year-over-year revenue growth by approximately $300 million to $400 million. And finally, we anticipate the Mobility transaction to close sometime during Q2 of FY '24. The exact date of the close will drive where we land on the time-based range. With that, let's turn to the next slide for our first quarter guidance. For Q1, we expect total company revenue to be in the range of $8.4 billion to $9 billion. At the midpoint, this anticipates DMS and EMS revenue to be $5.1 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $474 million to $534 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $423 million to $483 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.80. This includes a benefit of approximately $0.25 associated with accounting impacts of assets held for sale. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $2.02 to $2.42. Net interest expense in the first quarter is estimated to be $73 million. Moving on to full year guidance, beginning on the next slide. For FY '24, we expect revenue at an enterprise level to be in the range of $33 billion to $34 billion. As I mentioned a moment ago, we anticipate closing the transaction during Q2 of our fiscal year. Therefore, our FY '24 guidance range reflects a range of potential outcomes. I would caution against reverting to the midpoint of these ranges as they are time-based ranges and will be highly dependent on actual transaction close date. Importantly, for FY '24, we expect core operating margins to improve by 30 basis points to 50 basis points year-on-year, mainly driven by our improved mix of business. Our investments in IT and factory automation will also drive improved optimization across our footprint and are anticipated to lead to higher margins in the future. Moving to our thoughts around CapEx for FY '24. In the coming year, we expect net capital expenditures to be in the range of 2.2% to 2.5% of net revenue. This is higher than the 2% in FY '23 due mainly to timing of CapEx investments rolling into the first quarter of FY '24. Upon closing the Mobility transaction, longer term, we now anticipate our CapEx to be lower as a percentage of revenue in the range of 2% to 2.3%. Our CapEx investments this year are expected to include a combination of maintenance and strategic investments for future growth and efficiency gains. We plan to continue to invest in targeted areas of our business with the bulk of our strategic growth CapEx aimed at the automotive EV space along with healthcare and renewable energy end markets. Moving on to cash flow generation. We closed out FY '23 with strong free cash flows north of $1 billion. We expect to continue generating strong cash flows in FY '24 with adjusted free cash flow of more than $1 billion. With that, let's now turn to our capital structure on the next slide. We have a solid and flexible debt and liquidity profile with current maturities, appropriately staggered at an attractive interest rates. We ended FY '23 with committed capacity under our global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity and our year-end cash balance, we had access to more than $5.6 billion of available liquidity, which we believe affords us ample flexibility. We also remain fully committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit profile. In fiscal '24 and beyond, we expect to generate significant free cash flow. Given this dynamic, along with expected net proceeds from the Mobility business sale, I believe it's an appropriate time to reiterate our capital allocation priorities and at a high level how we plan to deploy our capital over the next two years. Please turn to the next slide. This morning, included in our earnings filing, we announced that our Board of Directors expanded our current share repurchase authorization to $2.5 billion. We expect to begin executing on this upsized authorization immediately. You heard Adam say that we were unable to complete our Q4 share repurchases due to restrictions around the Mobility transaction. We plan to launch a $500 million accelerated share repurchase transaction in October prior to the close of our Mobility transaction. Post-closing of the Mobility transaction, we intend to execute a series of additional accelerated buybacks throughout FY '24 and FY '25 with the intent of optimizing share repurchases and interest expense, thereby maximizing the EPS impact. Moving forward, we are comfortable with our ability to generate strong cash flows and will remain balanced and thoughtful in how we allocate our capital. We believe this capital allocation framework will allow us to continue to grow our business and create value for shareholders. As a reminder, we have already reduced our outstanding shares from 203 million in 2013 to 131 million at the end of FY '23, a 35% reduction over this time period. Over the past 10 years, we've brought back our shares at an average price of $32.71 a share. Next, let's look at our FY '24 guidance. For FY '24, we expect the momentum underway across our business to continue, even in a subdued economic environment. Today, our business serves a diverse blend of end markets in areas that provide confidence in future earnings and cash flows. We have deep domain expertise complemented by investments being made in capabilities, all of which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver 30 to 50 basis points of core margin expansion in FY '24 along with core EPS in the range of $9.30 to $9.70 and more than $1 billion in free cash flow. And importantly, our balanced capital allocation framework approaches the line and focused on driving long-term value creation to shareholders. As we transition to our final slide, I thought it made sense to provide you with a view of FY '25 excluding our Mobility business, but including the impact of our accelerated share repurchases post-closing. We believe we're on the path to deliver core operating margins at or above 5.6% in FY '25 and deliver more than $10.65 in core EPS. To deliver this, we need to only grow our revenues by a conservative 3% while continuing to execute a series of accelerated share repurchases. In my view, Jabil is well positioned to navigate the current economic environment, evidenced by our performance over the past several years. We are not only well diversified, but also markedly more resilient than we were several years ago due to our intentional efforts to invest and align our resources with areas in key end markets that are undergoing multi-year secular growth, all of which gives me confidence as we march towards 6% core operating margins in the future. Thank you for your time today and for joining us this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we talked about at the outset of the call, there's a lot to be excited about here at Jabil. And we've given you a forecast for fiscal '24, which we believe will be a bit transitional, and fiscal '25, which we believe will be a bit more normalized and will include the full impact of the share repurchases from both our previous program as well as the portion from the Mobility deal. There's a lot to be excited about here at Jabil, and we're ready to get into your Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on the strong results and the very strong guidance. In fact, your margin guidance is significantly higher than we had expected. You're guiding for 60 basis points of improvement over two years and you've also talked about 6% operating margin. So, can you help us dive a little bit into that? I mean, how much of this margin improvement is coming from mixed shift within the portfolio? How much would you say is like-for-like pricing improvement? I mean, I would think that, by fiscal '25, you would have some recovery in Semi-Cap, maybe there is less inflation passed through and maybe you are taking some cost actions. So, any color you can give in terms of what are the different drivers for such a strong margin improvement?
Kenny Wilson: Hey, Ruplu. Good morning, and thank you for the question. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're really intentional. We just came out of our annual review of our strategic planning, and I think you'll see in Mike's comments also that we're viewing post the Mobility divestiture that 70% directly of our business is going to be in the EVs, AI clouds, renewables and healthcare. So, if you look at that, that's all areas of our business that we believe are accretive from a margin perspective. And then, if you just roll forward what we expect our growth to be in those areas, it really is a big chunk of that. Also, obviously, as you'd expect as the Mobility business moves out of the company, we're looking at right-sizing our footprint and just aligning with the new normal for our business. So it really is part of what we've been planning to do. We've been very intentional on it. And then, it really is just a function of as business with higher margin, grows and becomes a bigger part of our portfolio, that's where we see we get to from a margin perspective. It's not a function of us going back and trying to renegotiate higher prices with our customers. It really is a function of us adding more value in key end markets, and that's where we end up. So, we -- my other comment here would be, as you know, we are generally quite conservative. So, we wouldn't be talking to you about that if we didn't think there was a high degree of likelihood that we would achieve that.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for all the details there, Kenny. If I can ask you on automotive, I mean, you've had very strong growth over the last couple of years. I mean, this past year, you grew 40%-plus, and now you're guiding another year of 20%-plus. I mean, the business now is sizable, right? It's like $4.5 billion. So, I mean, do you think that this level of growth can sustain? And what drives that? Is it -- are you increasing the content per vehicle, or is it that you're going to more OEMs than before? Just if you can just expand on how you're thinking about what drives that growth? And are you concerned about the competition in this space as more companies look to try and gain share in different aspects of automotive?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, let me talk to that also. So, I think I said previously that the automotive business is hard and that being hard is good for us, and also you need to have a global footprint with consistent standard processes and capabilities and be able to launch products simultaneously in different geographies at the same time. There's not that many companies that can do that. And so that certainly helps us. We've been on a journey in the automotive space for quite some time. Chad Morley and his team have been driving that. We identified pretty early that electrification was going to be a huge trend and so we doubled down on that. And, obviously, as you listened to Fred talking about ACES, we're looking at software-defined also now. So, we've been thoughtfully focused on adding more of the key logos to our portfolio. And what we see is, as we add more logos or more companies that were involved in more and more programs -- and I think Mike has talked previously about how the business is like seven-year lifecycles, you've introduced them at different rates. So, what we see is going forward that the products that we're incubating now are going to be revenue and margin accretive in the next two or three, four, five years. So, we're feeling quite confident about our growth. Certainly, 20%, we think is probably reasonable. From a competition perspective, we compete globally with really, really good companies. Competition makes us better. So, we are well aware and we're pretty paranoid about our capability and our competitors. So, I would say that we don't have any real surprises with our competitors in terms of their capability relative to ours. And we're pretty confident that what we could offer being a U.S. domicile but with wonderful capabilities in Asia, Europe, and North America, we think that that model is a winner for our customers and for Jabil. So, we're feeling quite confident about our automotive growth in the short, medium, and long term.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for all the details. I'm going to try and sneak one more quick one in. I mean, you're guiding for strong growth in new areas that I haven't heard of before, like the energy storage side is now much stronger for you and the data center side. So, do you think you have enough footprint to support this growth over the next few years? And when I look at your CapEx guidance, it's still in that normal range of 2.2% to 2.5%. So, I mean, do you think that is enough CapEx to support this new growth? So, just your thoughts on the footprint and CapEx and areas of investment? Thank you so much again. Congrats on the quarter and the day.
Fred McCoy: Hey, Ruplu, this is Fred McCoy. I'll take that for you. Yeah, we've announced some expansions in previous calls. We've expanded our footprint both in North America and Europe. So, we feel really confident and comfortable in supporting the regional needs for those markets that you cite. We've seen some movement, as I mentioned, with some of the legislation in Europe and the U.S. driving specific regional requirements, and we think we're well positioned to support those energy storage and energy conversion programs in those regions. And all that's within our CapEx that we guided in the call. That's just part of our normal course of business in adjusting our capacity to meet customer needs.
Mike Dastoor: And, Ruplu, if I can just add, if you look at our CapEx, historically, a few years ago, it was in the range of 3.5%. Over the years, we've taken it down to -- we've always suggested 2.5%, 2.6% range. We will have the Mobility transaction going through. We are working on taking this CapEx number down quite a bit. I think the normalized range, if you look at what happened in FY '23 is our CapEx went down to 2%, but that was a little bit of a timing difference. So, FY '24, we expect CapEx to still be in the 2.3% to 2.5% range, but going forward, the 2% to 2.2% to 2.3% sounds highly doable. If you look at what we've done over the last few years, we've grown from $17 billion to $35 billion. So, we've doubled our revenues, and we've always managed our CapEx through that doubling phase. It'll be the same with automotive. It'll be the same with all the other high-margin secular growth and markets. We will continue to manage CapEx with a lot of discipline. And I think the number has already reflected, all expansion is reflected when we give out CapEx percentages.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. A couple questions from me. First of all, I was wondering if you could dig in a little more into the cloud slide that you presented from the aspect of the growth. Mike, you mentioned 20% sort of like-for-like growth on the rack configurations, but it seems like the drivers are a couple of different areas. Like, can you explain what you meant by customer diversity? And then also, how investing in new technologies like liquid cooling is driving some of the growth? And along those lines, I noticed you mentioned OSAT packaging, which I think is new. Can you just sort of give us an explanation on that bullet point? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Kenny Wilson: Hi, Steve, good morning. Yeah, so we were talking about that just this morning actually, and I think it's worth just reaffirming you on the cloud space. We really think the model we have is outstanding. So, it's asset-like, it's co-located with our customer. We also think that as our customers look to disaggregate a lot of the other parts of the data center that it plays to our strength, and I'll get to the optics in OSAT in a second. So, what we find is that relationship drives effectively us sitting at the same side of the table, trying to solution how can we do things efficiently and how can we help them grow, because we view there's going to be significant growth, especially underpinned by AI. So, what we see is we've got to -- if you take our existing cloud business and what we see, that's been augmented by a real pivot to AI. From a consignment perspective, if you look at the GPUs, as Mike mentioned, that's going to be a pass through for us because we don't add any value there. But what you find in cloud is that really just the model we have is allowing us to really go deep with our customers and grow our business there. In terms of you mentioned about OSAT, let me talk about that. As we discuss with our customers, and Fred mentioned in liquid cooling, the power requirements for what we're doing in data centers has become significant. Air cooling no longer works, so they're looking for a liquid-cooled capability. You need to use photonics extensively, again, because of the power requirements. So, sitting with our customers means that they ask us, "Can you help us in liquid cooling? Can you help us in photonics? Can you help us in pluggable transceivers, et cetera, et cetera?" So that helps us as we go into strategic planning to look at where should we be investing our dollars and capabilities to help our customers. The good thing for us, Steve, is that as we go more vertical and end markets, it simplifies our customers' lives and it makes our solutions more robust and it effectively allows us to grow our business there. So that's kind of how we see things in the cloud. And hopefully that answers your question.
Steven Fox: Yeah, no, that's very helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Mike, it sounds like what you're saying with the fiscal '25 guidance is to assume that you sort of execute on $2.5 billion of buybacks by then. And if that's the case, is there any way to sort of give us an idea of how much we should assume in buybacks, or how the share count conservatively comes down this year? I know there's a lot of timing issues there, but it seems like that's an important part of the EPS model to understand now for a little while.
Mike Dastoor: Absolutely, Steve. I think you're absolutely right. The buyback scenario is dependent on the timing of the close. But regardless, let me just -- I think this morning you saw the Board expanded our authorization -- current authorization, $2.5 billion. I think, if you remember, Adam mentioned in his prepared remarks that, in Q4, we were unable to complete our Q4 share buybacks due to the restrictions that are associated with the Mobility transaction. So, in October, like starting next week, we will therefore, we will be executing an accelerated share repurchase program of $500 million, regardless of the timing of the close. So, think of that as almost like a catch-up and taking advantage of current market situation as well. Post-close, we will execute a series. Obviously, it will depend when in Q2 it closes, but we will execute a series of accelerated share repurchases. We'll start as soon as the Mobility transaction closes and we've received all the cash. We probably won't do a full accelerated share buyback on day one itself for the entire amount. We're going to do a series of buybacks. And the reason for that is we're trying to balance the impact of interest costs along with the benefit of the WASO, like you suggested, on the calculations we've run as a balanced approach actually maximizes EPS. So that's what we're going to do, which means, by the end of FY '24, we still won't be completed fully with our buybacks. I think out of the $2.5 billion, I expect about $1.5 billion, $1.7 billion to be completed by FY '24, and in FY '25, we'll complete the balance of that transaction. I think from a WASO perspective, I'm looking at end of '24 and the range of that 126 million, 128 million shares, while in '24, again, depending on how we manage it through FY '25, it'll be in the 115 million, 118 million range.
Steven Fox: Great, that's helpful. And one just quick question on all that. Should an acquisition come up, would that possibly change the goals you just laid out, or could you do M&A and still do this amount of buybacks? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: No. So, I think the company, the management team, everyone feels we're highly undervalued still, and the best return that we can get is in buybacks. Having said that, if an M&A comes up -- I'll just remind you our debt leverage is at a very low point. It's at like 1.1, and that gives us sufficient room to do an acquisition if needed from debt if the financials work out and it's capability driven, it's all in the right end markets, et cetera. So, it'll be based on -- it'll be based off of our debt structure. So, I would think of the buybacks as -- we're definitely going to go and do that, and any M&A will be on top of that, and we have plenty of liquidity and plenty of leverage to do that.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks, and good morning, everyone. A couple of questions for me if I can. One on in terms of your guidance for EMS, it looks like you're guiding Networking and Storage down 6% and you also talked about,, Kenny, the fact that you're disciplined, you starting to optimize your customer portfolio there. So, does that guidance reflect just weakness in end markets in terms of visibility with customers, or are you disengaging with some programs that don't meet your return or profitability goals?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, hey, [Steven] (ph), it's a little bit of both in this instance.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Maybe drill down a little bit in terms of what you're seeing in those markets?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, I mean just that, there are kind of some legacy EMS type kind of built to print type of models in some instances. And our view there is that where we can serve -- we're always looking to find where we can serve and add value. If our serve and add value becomes 100% built to print, then probably there's people that can do that cheaper than us and can do it -- and allowing us to add value for other customers where we can be vertical or where we can do -- just do more engineering services or whatever. So, I mean, we're not walking away from customers. It's a discussion around, look, I'm not sure it's the right fit for ourselves and for our customers. So there's a little bit of that. And then some of it is just end market softness right now. We see some softness in that market as well as in the consumer space. So, we do expect that to recover. I mean, we're not walking away from the Networking and Storage business, just to be clear. We also see that in that area of our business that the amount of enhanced or advanced networking that's required to support the AI data centers is significant also. So, we think, longer term, this business will be okay for us, but we're just seeing a little bit of softness in the short term, plus, some discussions with a couple of customers.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thanks for that. And then, my next question, just regarding the inventory picture, supply chain challenges that you've had, and how we should think about how that flows through the model in the next year. You had a nice inventory reduction quarter-on-quarter. That net number is down. So, are you expecting that to reduce further? And are you seeing any other supply chain issues that you've called out in previous quarters, particularly in auto and medical in terms of legacy parts?
Mike Dastoor: Let me try and take that, Matt. The inventory days did come down by four days. I think the team did an excellent job. If you look at our supply chain team, our ops team, our BD teams, finance teams, all of them have done a fantastic job in getting that particular metric down. I think the focus that we put on that from a free cash flow perspective, from a working capital perspective, is all paying off. Having said that now, I don't expect it to go down into the low 50s. I think that 55 to 60, I think on previous calls I mentioned that's the range I was expecting mid to long term. It came sooner than expected, which is always a pleasant surprise. But I would expect that 55 to 60 day sort of range to be maintained. It might differ by nuances in particular quarters. It might go up a little bit, it might go down a little bit, but over the long term, I expect 55 to 60 days to be maintained. From a supply chain perspective, yes, supply chain constraints are coming down. However, I think, like you mentioned, the automotive and healthcare pieces, there still are some shortages going on there. Maybe not the same level that they were at three to six months ago, but we're still seeing some issues in those end markets all because of the legacy chips like you said as well. So, something we're watching, and when that starts coming down and normalizing, yeah, we'll get to the 55-ish range over a long period as well.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thank you. And just lastly, on the interest expense line, which was -- which you're guiding $73 million. What should we think about the full year, particularly with your excess cash in terms of bringing down your short-term borrowings? Is there a number that we should model for the year?
Mike Dastoor: Yeah, the excess cash has been built into our forecast. I think the number I'd say of FY '24 would be in the range of $290 million to $300 million. Again, we're being conservative there. If interest rates continue to go up, we don't have a crystal ball around that. But it's mainly our variable rate, which is higher right now because of everything that's going on in the markets. So, conservatively, I'd model $290 million to $300 million, Matt.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning, and thank you very much for taking my questions. First on Mobility, by exiting that business, do you think you can allow Jabil to better pursue some of these other end markets? And maybe give us a little bit more details as you think about things like management time, perhaps feeling less constrained by customer diversification considerations or having more capital to invest?
Kenny Wilson: Hey, thanks for the question. So, Mark, yeah, so firstly, I mentioned in my prepared remarks about the Mobility and the Mobility team. And I'd just like to call out again our gratitude as an organization for the work that they've done, which has been outstanding. I also think it would be a remiss of me not to call -- we're right in the middle of the transition right now and the collaboration between our team and the BYD team is absolutely outstanding. So, we're really pleased about how that's going. Yeah, in terms of the business, for sure, what we've been looking at here is -- and the way we try and focus our growth is, where can we add most value for our customer, and look at the world through the eyes of our customer. And that's why you'll see when we look at the end markets that we're focused on, we think it's end markets where the range of capabilities that we have in our company and the global presence that we have can really help our customers grow and develop. So, yeah, we'll be focusing much more on automotive, healthcare, just the renewables that we've mentioned previously, so for sure -- and AI and cloud, for sure that's going to give us the opportunity to do that. From a use of capital perspective, it helps us here also. So yeah, certainly from a management bandwidth, it's going to free up some of our time to go double down in these strong secular growth areas.
Mark Delaney: Okay. Thanks for that, Kenny. Speaking of AI, you spoke about some of the nice growth you're seeing and opportunities. Could you clarify how much of your cloud and 5G business is tied to AI at this stage? And how do you see that progressing in your '24 and '25 outlook?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, so at '24, it's roughly 20% to 25%, and we think that that's going to grow in the longer term and going to become a much bigger part of our cloud business.
Mark Delaney: That's very helpful. And just a clarification on the data center business. I think this is the third year you're seeing this transition to the consignment model, which has the revenue impact but helps the profit margin. With the shift you're expecting this year away from some of the consignment, do you think you're fully done now and is it the last year of that transition, or could this continue beyond fiscal '24? Thanks.
Kenny Wilson: I think it's going to be really dependent on the mix of the businesses. So, we are expanding the space there to allow us to do more cloud. Mike mentioned that we're up 20% year-over-year. And we don't see any slowdown in terms of the cloud rollout. So, I think it depends, but certainly for sure, we think that our volumes are going to grow, but it will grow in the AI space. So, probably our revenues would probably be relatively consistent at that level, I would think, in the next year or two.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Mark, I feel the consignment levels that we are at today will be consistent going forward. I think we've done -- we've doubled our consignment. So, even though volumes are up by 20%, we've actually doubled our consignment levels over this period. And that's impacting our total revenue number. But this is all good news, right? So, I don't think this is something that is negative. It's actually a big positive for us because it helps with our balance sheet, it helps with our margins, it helps flow through, it helps the customer, it helps Jabil, it's a win-win for everyone. But now that we've doubled our consignment levels, there might be another 5%, 10% that might come through, but I think we're at a decent stage currently with the indicators we provided.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Vogt from UBS. Your line is now live.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks guys for taking my questions. And I appreciate all the detail. It's incredibly helpful. I have a couple of questions, and maybe one for Kenny and a couple for Mike. So, Kenny, just on the Mobility transaction, I know you're probably limited in terms of what you can say. But what gives you confidence? We're just trying to think through, what gives you confidence that this deal could close, let's say, within two quarters? Because I'm sure you're aware there's other deals that have been pending earlier in the year that are taking upwards of 12 months, if not longer. So, kind of what's going on there and kind of what are the steps that we should be looking at following sort of the purchase agreement data that you published last night? And then, I'll just hold off and ask Mike my follow-ups, if that's okay.
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. So, yeah, we are really, really deep in this right now. I mentioned previously about the -- how effectively we're working together with BYDE. And that is really, really pleasing, especially for people that are going to go work in that organization and the leadership team is outstanding. Yeah, we've -- it's really detailed. We've spoken to all of the stakeholders. We think we've got a really good plan, detailed plan, and we're very, very confident that we'll close this in the timeline that we covered in our prepared remarks. We're actually focused on trying to close it as soon as possible, obviously. If we could do that in this calendar year, it would be wonderful. But yeah, with BYD's support in Asia and our support in North America, we think that we're very confident that it's going to be closed in the timeline that we mentioned.
David Vogt: Great. And then maybe for Mike, I appreciate the color on the margins and the mix shift embedded in sort of the outlook for fiscal '24. But can you kind of touch on 1Q to start? It looks like at the high end, operating margins are closing in on 6%. And I would imagine that includes Mobility for at least the full quarter, to Kenny's point. And -- but when we look at the full year of '24, I would imagine the base case in the projections are Mobility exiting the business by the end of, let's say, fiscal 2Q and margins kind of trend lower in, I would imagine, 2Q and the back half of the year. So kind of what's going on in the first quarter? I know mix, you mentioned earlier, it's a faster growing business. This helps margins in the full year, but specifically in 1Q, why are margins so strong and what does that imply for Mobility margins? And then, maybe just as a quick follow up, I'll give them to you both at the same time, I think you made a comment that your fiscal '25 outlook only contemplates growth of about 3%. I would assume that's based off of a '24 number that is pro forma excluding Mobility. Is that maybe the right way to think about it? And I'll just stop there.
Mike Dastoor: David, let me answer your second question first. The answer is, yes, it excludes Mobility. So, when we're looking forward to FY '25, the 3% growth is on the non-Mobility piece. As it relates to Q1 margin, there's a couple of dynamics going on. We talked about consignment in the cloud, that has a little bit of an impact for margins in Q1 and for all of FY '24 as well. Our mix continues to shift into the higher mix end markets, the higher margin end markets. There is a shift taking place there, which is working for us. I think I highlighted, and Kenny talked about it as well, 70% of our non-Mobility business now is going to be in those four end markets. There's no major change in the Mobility piece other than some -- I think I called out a couple of pieces, I called out the consignment piece and I called out some shift of work content which is more bill of material driven rather than anything else. There's no manufacturing change at all and the value add that we provide is still the same, but it was just a bill of material moving upstream rather than through us. So that has a little bit of a positive impact on margin. And then last but not least, we did -- we signed a preliminary agreement on 27th of August. On the 27th of August, we triggered an asset held for sale sort of accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. In Q4, there wasn't much of an impact at all. There was zero impact on the P&L. There was some tax that we had to provide for -- under GAAP for Q4. But in Q1, there is about a $40 million, $50 million pickup because we're pulling out depreciation as part of this accounting treatment for assets held for sale. I called it out in my prepared remarks, I mentioned there's about a $0.25 improvement because of this, but don't forget, through the year, this sort of improvement gets offset by stranded costs that will take time to pull out towards the end of the year. But in Q1, there's quite a few dynamics moving around whereby our revenue looks lower, but it's not because it's mainly bill of material driven and there's some other dynamics as well.
David Vogt: Mike, just to clarify, so is the stranded cost and this sort of triggered gain embedded in the core non-GAAP projections, or is that just strictly in the GAAP numbers for '24?
Mike Dastoor: No, the asset held for sale, the depreciation is embedded in our core. I think I mentioned that specifically when I was talking about the core EPS, there was a $0.25 impact. The stranded costs are also included in core. We've got stranded costs towards the end of the year. We'll only be able to get to restructure those in maybe Q3 or Q4 well after the transaction closes.
David Vogt: Great. Thank you. That's helpful. I appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from George Wang from Barclays. Your line is now live.
George Wang: Hey, guys. Thanks again for taking my question, and congrats on the quarter and the strong guide. Yeah, just a couple of quick questions. Firstly, can you kind of talk about share gains? Just maybe pass out kind of what are you seeing in terms of the continued share gains, whether that's mostly from new markets or existing growth markets you guys already in right now?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. Hey, George, nice to talk to you. Yeah, so what we're seeing is, I think we're seeing some offset in markets right now. So, if you look at the consumer, for example, we call that Network and Storage, that's down. So, we're not losing market share there. But in the markets that we're focused on, like in automotive and healthcare, renewables, for sure, we're gaining share in those areas. So that is allowing us to offset some softness in consumer, for example, and still be able to grow -- normally grow our business. So you see, we are seeing sheer gains in those targeted areas.
George Wang: Okay, great. And also, I kind of want to double-click on the opportunities out of China, especially given the reshoring trends and maybe kind of specifically in Eastern Europe, kind of on the EV production side and also Mexico. Would you like to call out a few other regions kind of outside of China, also in particular vertical, like that could drive incremental growth as this reshoring trend continues?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah, okay. So, let me just -- if this doesn't satisfy your question, just let me know, George. But -- so, we have a phenomenal capability and a really robust footprint in China. We leverage a lot of capabilities across the company from our footprint there. What we do see is that we see opportunities in China for China. We think that whether it's in EVs or multiple different end markets, we think our facilities are full and we're adding more demand in our China facilities. So, when we talk about regionalization, we're not -- it's not cannibalizing our footprint in China. And we think that the demand is going to increase for us there in the longer term, which is great because the teams and the people we have in China are absolutely outstanding. But to answer your other question, yeah, we see -- look at reshoring in Europe and North America, it's a big part of what we're doing and what you see growth in our targeted end markets. The good thing about our company and our capability is that we have standard processes. We have a consistent culture, of course nuanced in different parts of the world. We have a standard unified ERP system. So, what it means is, it means our ability to take capabilities and products and move them around the world and build them in the same -- different geographies at the same time. I would argue that we're among the best in the world at that. So, we see -- our focus is on China to support China market and also for export, but also we see leveraging those capabilities in different parts of the world is something that's going to help us grow in the longer term. So, I guess, in summary, the regionalization, as we call it, or reshoring, is -- that's a net positive for us. So, we're feeling pretty confident about that in the future.
George Wang: Okay, great. Thank you. Congrats again. I will go back to the queue.
Kenny Wilson: You're Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Joe Cardoso: Hey, thanks for the question, guys. This is Joe Cardoso on for Sameek Chatterjee. Just one question for me, but maybe a two-parter. Your outlook for Industrial and Semi-Cap encompasses more muted forecasts for your Semi-Cap business for '24. Within that, can you just bifurcate between what you're seeing in the front-end and back-end of the business and how you see those tracking through the year? And then, you talked about prepping or investing into that business for '25. Can you just dive into that a bit and touch on if there's any specific areas you're investing in, or is that more of just a broader comment relative of being prepared for that end market as it recovers? Thank you.
Fred McCoy: Hi, this is Fred. I'll try to take that question for you. So, right now, we're seeing a lot of uncertainty in our fiscal '24. I think the industry is looking at kind of the back half of calendar '24 for a rebound. So that's how we've modeled the Semi-Cap business for our FY '24. I think that's both front-end and back-end. We're seeing those challenges. In terms of the investment, I mean, we're well aware of the CHIPS Act and the other investment acts in Europe, and we are also well positioned in some of the regional trends that are going on, both on the manufacturing and the components that go into the semi-capital equipment. So, we're really using this period to kind of optimize our footprint, optimize our capability and our capacity in the right regions to support what we see as where the bounce back will happen when it does late in 2024 or early 2025. So, we feel really comfortable that -- again, as Kenny alluded to on the prior question, our global footprint and our standard practices will allow us to be the key supplier to this market in all three regions of the world.
Joe Cardoso: Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you. Our call has now ended. If you have any further questions, please reach out. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-06-15 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Jabil Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Adam Berry. Please go ahead, Adam.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's third quarter of fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Kenny Wilson; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within the Investor Relations portion of our website. At the conclusion of today's call, the entirety will be posted there for audio playback. I'd now like to ask that you follow our earnings presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with the forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected fourth quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified on the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2022, and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With that, I'd now like to shift our focus to our third quarter results, where the team delivered approximately $8.5 billion in revenue at the top end of our guidance range. Core operating income for the quarter came in at $404 million or 4.8% of revenue. This is up 60 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Net interest expense in the quarter came in better than expected at $75 million, reflecting lower levels of inventory during the quarter, resulting in better working capital management by the team. From a GAAP perspective, operating income was $375 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.72. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.99, a 16% improvement over the prior-year quarter and towards the upper end of our guidance range. Now turning to the segments. Revenue for the DMS segment was $4.35 billion, an increase of 13% on a year-over-year basis, driven by strength in our Automotive and Healthcare end markets. In particular, it's worth highlighting our Automotive business, which grew approximately 60% year-over-year as the team performed extremely well as volume, content, and brands continue to expand. Core operating margin for the segment came in at 4.1%, 30 basis points higher than the same quarter from a year ago, but down 50 basis points sequentially as typical given the normal seasonal pattern within our Mobility business. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $4.1 billion, down 8% year-over-year and in line with our expectations. Also as expected, we saw a revenue shift in our 5G Wireless and Cloud business, driven by our previously-announced move to a consignment model for certain components within that end market. It's also worth noting that our Industrial business driven by global demand for renewable energy increased by approximately 30% year-over-year. For the quarter, core margins for the EMS segment were an impressive 5.5%, up 90 basis points year-over-year and 40 basis points sequentially, reflecting strong growth in Industrial and the aforementioned shift to a consignment model. Next, I'd like to begin with an update on our cash flow and balance sheet metrics as of the end of Q3, beginning with inventory, which saw a great improvement sequentially to 84 days. More importantly for us, net of inventory deposits from our customers, inventory days were 62 in Q3, an improvement of seven days sequentially. Our third quarter cash flows from operations came in at $468 million, while net capital expenditures totaled $212 million, resulting in $256 million in free cash flows during the quarter. In the quarter, we repurchased 1.9 million shares for $154 million, leaving us with $821 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization as of May 31st. With this, we ended the quarter with cash balances of approximately $1.5 billion and total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.2 times. In summary, the team delivered another impressive performance in Q3. In a moment, I'll turn the call over to Mike and Kenny to provide some additional thoughts on our performance in the quarter and update our outlook for fiscal 2023. But before I hand it over, I'd like to announce our fourth quarter earnings call and 6th Annual Investor Briefing scheduled for September 28th, where we'll lay out our strategy and our financial plan for fiscal 2024. Please mark your calendars. Additionally, from an Investor Relations perspective, we're going to be active in fiscal 2024 with meetings, factory tours, and end market deep dives, where we plan to discuss and showcase some of the growth drivers that we feel support our longer-term expectations. Please stay tuned. And thanks for your time today. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Through the first nine months of fiscal year, the team has posted solid top-line growth, improved core operating income by more than twice the pace of revenue growth, and grew core EPS by 16%, while also expanding core operating margins by 30 basis points, a solid performance by the team. As you heard from Adam, our growth and improved profitability this year continues to be driven by areas of our business benefiting from secular growth like electric vehicles, healthcare, renewable energy infrastructure, and cloud. All-in-all, our solid performance year-to-date gives us excellent momentum as we enter the final quarter of FY 2023. With that, on the next slide, you'll see our fourth quarter guidance. For Q4, we expect total company revenues to be in the range of $8.2 billion to $8.8 billion. At the midpoint, this anticipates DMS and EMS revenue to be $4.3 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $424 million to $484 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $400 million to $460 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $2.14 to $2.50. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.96 to $2.32. Interest expense in the fourth quarter is estimated to be $73 million which is lower than we forecasted in March, reflecting better working capital management by the team. Moving to the next slide where I'll offer an update on our end market demand assumptions and how these translate to our FY 2023 revenue expectations. At a high level, our assumptions remain largely consistent with our March update. We continue to be conservative in our approach given the current macroeconomic dynamics and expect strong growth from our secular markets to be slightly offset by lower demand in some of our consumer-facing markets and in Semi-Cap. In our Automotive end-market, EV growth continues to be robust, limited only by the pace at which we can scale up production across multiple geographies with several OEMs. In Healthcare, the outsourcing of manufacturing trend continues to play out as we are seeing increased activity with interest from multiple OEMs exploring our capabilities. Growth expectations for our Industrials business have also improved since March, driven higher by renewable energy infrastructure. Specifically, we're seeing good growth in solar inverters, smart meters, energy storage, and power and building management solutions. We now expect our Industrials business to be up more than 25% in FY 2023. This growth has been slightly offset by incremental end market weakness in our Semi-Cap business. In summary, we feel the outlook for our business is solid and expect demand across many of our end markets to remain strong. We now expect revenue for FY 2023 to be $34.7 billion, up 4% year-over-year which is $200 million, about what we thought in March. Considering this updated growth outlook, let's now turn to the next slide, to get a view of our updated guidance for FY 2023. Notably, we see income coming through with the increase to revenue. We now expect to deliver core operating income of $1.71 billion, a year-over-year increase of approximately 11%, while holding core margins at 4.9%. This 4.9% represents a growth of approximately 30 basis points year-on-year. With the additional income, we are now anticipating core EPS will be $8.50. We remain committed to generating more than $900 million in free cash flow this year. Beyond FY 2023, we expect our secular markets to continue to drive growth. I also believe our margins will continue to expand with the combination of our positive mix-shift towards higher-margin end-markets and operational efficiencies driven by automation and internal use of AI and ML technologies. In summary, the team is executing extremely well. I expect our strong momentum to continue into FY 2024, although we remain cautious and vigilant on the near-term macroeconomic conditions. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Kenny.
Kenny Wilson: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As you heard from Adam and Mike, our business is in good shape and the team has executed well this year in what continues to be a dynamic operating environment. The success we are seeing across our business is a key proof point of our teams' ability to leverage multiple capabilities across disparate end markets, as we continue to diversify our service offerings, underpinning our improving financial performance. Let's turn to the next slide where you'll see our updated outlook for fiscal year 2023. We continue to expect good year-over-year growth and operating leverage this year, which gives us the confidence to raise our expectations for core EPS by $0.10 to $8.50. At the same time, we remain highly focused on delivering more than $900 million in free cash flow. It also sets a firm foundation for further margin and free cash flow expansion as we look to fiscal year 2024. In fact, when I look at the growth in our business this year, it's worth highlighting that nearly 60% of our portfolio [indiscernible] the markets with strong secular growth, specifically, electric vehicles, renewable energy, healthcare, and 5G and cloud. Our Automotive business continues its healthy growth rate as the team navigates multiple complex program introductions, increasing both our scale and addressable content per vehicle. Jabil continues to be extremely well-positioned to support our customers as they accelerate their transition to EVs in the coming years. And in our Industrial business, we are supporting customers as they navigate the rapid transition towards clean energy. Over the last several years, we've invested heavily in capabilities to support energy storage, energy conversion, and grid-level power management solutions, which are now been deployed across multiple months at scale. Although we are in the early days of growth in this space, as government policies like the Inflation Reduction Act in the US mature and scale, Jabil is extremely well-positioned to support our customers in the coming years. In Healthcare, we continue to capitalize on the trend to outsource manufacturing, and our credibility with some of the leading OEMs in this space has positioned us well for future growth. Another area that is increasingly coming into focus for us is in the AI and ML space. This has implications both on the growth side of our business across multiple end markets, but also has the potential to drive efficiencies across our internal processes and factory network. As it relates to our internal processes, we are capturing data and using the latest toolkits to help improve our operations. [indiscernible] don't view this as a new initiative. We know the next step and a continuous improvement path we've been on for many years. Our operating system naturally drives us to simplify, standardize, optimize, and automate processes and this in conjunction with our enhanced ability to mine big data which ultimately drives sustainable improvements. In September, the Jabil team will go deeper in all of these areas at our Investor Briefing. At that event, we plan to offer our fiscal year 2024 financial outlook as we continue to prioritize growth in core margins and cash flows. Specifically, we will lay out how we plan to increase revenue, while also expanding core operating margins beyond 5%, and we plan to increase free cash flow by continuing to invest in growth. We provide another year of solid core EPS growth, and finally, provide an update on our capital return frameworks. In closing, I feel strongly that we have the right team, capabilities, and diversified portfolio to support strong momentum into the final quarter of fiscal year 2023 and beyond. And none of this would be possible without a thriving and unified Jabil culture which is as strong today as it has ever been. Thank you for joining us today and your interest in Jabil. I will now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Kenny. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Jabil has reported strong ROIC or return on invested capital over the past few years. It looks like over the past few quarters, it's been really strong. I mean, we calculate above 30% ROIC. This quarter was strong as well. Can you remind us what ROIC you target and what are the factors that will influence this going forward?
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Ruplu. Yes, the ROIC that we reported is in the 30% range. We normally target in that 25%, 30%. If you look at our working capital management, the way we use our invested capital, our CapEx, and all the factors that makeup invested capital, we're extremely disciplined on that. The returns are coming in. So, the numerator and denominator on the ROIC calculator or the ROIC calculation is actually quite robust and strong, and you can expect those levels of ROIC going forward as well, Ruplu.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: All right. Thanks for that, Mike. As a follow-up, maybe I can ask -- let me ask about the semiconductor capital equipment end market. I mean that end market right now is weak and your revenues are down year-on-year. However, when I think about it, that segment offers higher than corporate average margins. So, do you think you have enough capacity in that segment to take advantage of the market move upwards when that happens, and what things do keep in mind when deciding to invest more CapEx into that end market?
Kenny Wilson: Hey, Ruplu, it's Kenny, and good morning. Yes, it's a great question, and in fact just this morning, I was reading an article about the covered AI and it talked about the semiconductor space and just the wafer fabrication equipment and the demand and how that increases through 2024, 2025, and 2026, so I would say that we are -- our view is quite consistent with yours that we think that although it's a low right now, that's going to -- that's going to pick-up in the probably the second half of calendar 2024 and beyond. So, remember that we try and we diversify the all end markets and we're very well-diversified in this market also from a front-end to back-end perspective. We've been expanding our footprint across the world and anticipation of the pickup in demand through the back-end of next year, so we got a pretty competent team there that are ready and we're ready to build the demand for our customers when demand picks up through the back-end of next year. So we feel really, really good about where we are from a Semi-Cap perspective.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details. And congrats on the strong execution in the quarter. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Yes, you're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thank you, and good morning. I wanted to dig a little deeper on some of the end market commentary, particularly on the consumer side. It looks like you actually took up your connected devices guidance a little bit for the year, but still down double-digits. Are you seeing any signs of consumer bottoming here or any outlook that gives you some confidence that you're going to get back to growth at some point?
Kenny Wilson: Yes, I think Mike mentioned it quite well in his prepared remarks about that we're cautious of the near-term macro. We're very, very well-diversified in the connected devices space and -- but sometimes you get pleasant surprises in the upside like we had in Q3, but we still think it's choppy and spotty and we think we're bumped along the bottom. I would also mention, Matt, that as we look at our business here, we did get a COVID pickup effectively and we're probably run at the run rates that we were in 2019, 2020, 2021, that kind of level. That said, we have won more than our fair share of opportunities in this space. So, we do expect as the macro corrects, that we should see a pickup in connected devices. But right now, I'd say, visibility is quite short and we're just being really, really cautious.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. And I also wanted to just talk about the inventory reduction that you've seen and the general supply environment. I know you've had some headwinds certainly in Auto, EV, and some other markets, are you starting to see some signs of supply easing or is that still a gating factor in Auto or some of your other businesses?
Mike Dastoor: So, Matt, the inventory did go down by seven days, sequentially the team has done a fantastic job. I think last quarter I had mentioned, I expect inventory to sort of bounce between 60 and 65 days in the short-to-medium term. We're seeing that coming through. In the longer term, we can take it down into the mid-to-high 50s, we're confident of that. But the supply chain remains patchy. It is sort of easing in a lot of areas, offset by constraints in others. So if you look at Automotive, you look at Semiconductors, you look at any power-related components, MCUs, all of them seem to be still in a constrained situation. So, we are seeing a mixed bag here on the supply chain side. The golden screw issue is still there. That's not gone away, although it's easing a little bit. So the best way to characterize this is, it is easing, but nowhere near normal yet. So, just something to keep watching, we're focused on it. And we'll continue to evolve out with the supply chain changes.
Kenny Wilson: I have a comment on that, just to support that of Mike's and just to give you some context. So, we are tracking, in the semiconductor space, the automotive semiconductors, and whereas 12 months ago we were tracking 1,200 components that were classed as golden screws for different assemblies, that number is probably half now as the number that we're managing, so it's down a lot, but it's still an issue for us that we continue to navigate. So, it's getting better for sure, but it's not gone yet.
Matt Sheerin: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Kenny Wilson: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. Two questions from me as well. First off, thanks for the extra disclosure on Industrial and Auto. On the Industrial piece, I was wondering if you could give us a little more color as to how Jabil is differentiating in those markets. I know some of the programs you mentioned you've been in for quite a while, what's sort of changed beyond the secular that's driving that 40% growth? And then I have a follow-up.
Kenny Wilson: Yes, so, thanks, Steve. So, firstly, we get through a process every year, Steve, where we will look at our long-range plan, and we plan out three, four, five years. So, this hasn't just suddenly appeared as an opportunity for us. We've been looking at this for a long time. Brent Tompkins who runs that group has been really, really focused on, we need to develop capabilities to support things like grid-level energy storage, which would be new for us just from a scaling perspective, but also leaning into the things we've done historically in the EMS side of our business. So, it's been a little bit over, like for example, we opened a new facility in Salt Lake City. So, that's been a few years in the making, it's pretty much full now, we're looking to expand that with multiple customers which is good. So, it's really just been leaning it into our customers' roadmaps, looking at the capabilities that we have, augmenting that with other capabilities and been able to support things like, as we mentioned, grid-level energy storage which we see as a key area for us, smart power conversion, and energy management, so we're feeling pretty good that we're in -- we've got the right capabilities developed to be able to support our customers for the foreseeable future.
Steven Fox: Great. That's super helpful. And then just on the Auto sort of an opposite end of spectrum financial question, which is, the growth is tremendous and it doesn't seem to be hurting the overall margins at all. But can you give us a sense for how that's possible, and yes, I would imagine that these aren't mature margins whatever you're producing within the Auto sector when you're growing 60%, so just sort of maybe give us a little perspective on that. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Yes, and look -- Steven, the good thing about the Auto industry for us is that, it's hard and the fact that it's hard means it's difficult for people to engage. So, I mean, you've seen our facilities. So the ability to introduce products globally, consistently, the same quality standards, use in complex automation, that's difficult. And your ability to get up to speed quickly as expected where you can lean into the margins in the short term. When Mike talked about this kind of that we've -- where your margin profile is under expectations as you go through the ramp and then normalizes above corporate averages. So, we're starting to get through that a little bit, although obviously we introduced new products and new programs and we're expanding our footprint, as you know. So I think it's albeit our ability to take a new product, deploy them, and ramp them globally is going to be what's going to dictate how effective our margins are, but we're doing a reasonable job there, I'd say. So, we're pretty bullish about where we will land in the future. I'd remind you also that we are active across multiple OEMs here. So, we've got opportunities coming out across the world with different customers, which makes us feel quite bullish about our future.
Mike Dastoor: And Steve, if I can just add, the product lifecycle in Automotive extends out to six or seven years. As you get deeper into the bulk of that -- that Kenny mentioned with some of the automation that we've introduced, it really suits long product life-cycle products such as automotive where operational efficiencies continue to drive margin even beyond end market sort of impact. So, just something to keep in mind that the longer a product lifecycle, the higher the operational efficiencies as a result of automation, which again drives margins upwards as well.
Steven Fox: Great. That's all very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Shannon Cross from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I wanted to talk a bit about the Healthcare business. Clearly, you've done well with the [indiscernible] relationship and that business continues to grow. I'm wondering where you're seeing the best opportunity looking forward, because I would assume this will be a pretty solid grower given demographics and everybody needs, unfortunately surgeries as they all get older. So if you can just provide a bit more there and then I had a question on margin. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Hey, Shannon. Nice to hear from you. Yes, so we approach Healthcare with in three kind of areas of focus, firstly, we got really good relationships with our current customer base and we look to expand that with -- whether it's in the med device, diagnostic, and pharma. And what we see a lot in each of those areas as the need for connected healthcare, so those opportunities, whether it's continuous glucose monitoring or sensors and so we see that we've got a really broad base of customers, capabilities, and markets and just as we continue to serve them well, we think that there's a real growth opportunity. I mean, an example would be, as you look at the auto-injectors we are making for diabetes and we make hundreds of millions of them a year. And then you look at the opportunity that comes out with -- for the weight reduction that you see with the drug there, so we are really -- really it's broad-based, and we're well-positioned and we feel quite bullish about our ability to grow that. I will tell you also about -- and healthcare moves at a slower pace than some of our other businesses. But we've got credibility and we're having more discussions about kind of B2B is where there's opportunities for us to do something not in the same scale as our JJ MV deal that we did, but we see opportunities come in for us in the longer term. So, yes, we think -- Andrew Priestley runs that business for us and his team have done a wonderful job and we're feeling quite bullish about where we end up in the longer-term in Healthcare.
Shannon Cross: Great. And then from a margin perspective, I understand that mix of revenue drives a significant amount of the margin movement on a quarterly basis, but kind of maybe as a follow-up to what Steve was asking about in Auto, can you talk about some of the other margin changes you've seen within some of your sub-categories, whether I don't know, networking or industrial as it becomes more renewables focused. Just to give an idea of sort of what's happening below the covers in terms of the margins. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Yes. Yes, sure. Let me take a swing at that and then Mike can help also. We are around, if I look year-over-year, we're up 60 basis points. And obviously, we think we've got 40 basis points for the year, so we're feeling pretty good about our margin profile and trajectory. We are, I think 60% of our business, as I've said in my prepared remarks, we think is business which is going to grow and continue to grow in the longer term. Things like -- we think that our Automotive will be -- Automotive and Healthcare should be above corporate averages. We think renewables will be, we mentioned that Semi-Cap being lower, we think that actually covers and that helps us. And we've done a lot of tidy up in the rest of our business to make sure that we're running, I mean, what we got to do also is we got to make sure we run good operations. If we run good operations, then especially operations, then we think we can give our customers good value. So, I don't know, hopefully that's helpful. Mike, you got any comment?
Mike Dastoor: I just had one sort of macro comment. I think more than -- end market secular trends are obviously driving a huge growth prospect for us, but above that sits the whole outsourcing of manufacturing as a trend as well which drives margins. If you look at the complex design requirements we have today, the dynamic supply chain market, the manufacturing at scale, and multiple geographies with strong local knowledge, localization of manufacturing, regionalization of manufacturing, and then you have automation driving a lot of this forward as well. So, that by itself is driving this entire outsourcing of manufacturing as a trend, which then leads into stickiness, which then leads into margin expansion as well and I would suggest that almost all of our end markets that we present here are seeing some sort of -- some sort of change in behavior from an industry standpoint. And specifically, for Jabil, from a capability standpoint as well. So, all good drivers of margin going forward, Shannon.
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Paul Chung from JP Morgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. So, nice progress on inventory, and your free cash flow conversion kind of continues to grow from 2021 level kind of rebounding there and guide for growth suggests kind of improved pace there, maybe potentially hitting free cash flow north of $1 billion for the first time. So, how do you think about the pace into 2024 and some of the dynamics across working cap?
Mike Dastoor: We'll continue to provide -- we'll provide some guidance on free cash flow 2024 in September, Paul, but you can expect the team to be completely focused on driving margins, driving free cash flow, and then using the free cash flow to continue to do buybacks because we think, we feel we're undervalued still. So I think that free cash flow conversion, expect that to continue to go up as well as working capital dynamics change. I don't think we get a one-for-one return if inventory goes down, doesn't mean all of that will flow through in free cash flow, because we have other means of offsetting some of the inventory sort of days through AR, through AP which we've been doing pretty effectively. So, expect free cash flows to continue to go up on an annual basis going forward, Paul, is the best way to describe it. And we'll provide more guidance in September.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And then separately, are you starting to see evidence of some deflationary impact on components and which end markets are you seeing some bigger impact there and how do we think about the impact on revenue and margins into 2024 as kind of prices ease? Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Yes. We're not really seeing that, I mean there is puts and takes sometimes, Paul and it's not something that we're overly concerned about and it's not something that we think is going to impact our outlook for 2024. We think that we'll driving to north of 5% margins for 2024, obviously, we'll update that in September, but yet it's not something that's occupying a lot of our thoughts right now.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Melissa Fairbanks from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hi, thanks, guys. Congrats on another great quarter and really great working capital management. I just had a quick question on the interest expense, because it does have such a big impact on the core earnings. We're going to see it tick a little higher in the August quarter. I'm assuming that's driven by the inventory requirements tied to seasonality, first of all, is that correct? And then second, what should we expect for interest expense beyond August, maybe on a more normalized basis?
Mike Dastoor: So, Melissa, just to clarify, our interest cost in Q3 was $75 million. The guidance we provided for Q4 is in the $73 million range. So it's not going up, it's actually going down a little bit. I think we continue to benefit from working capital management. The team is highly focused. Some of the golden screw issues are easing, not as much as we'd like, but still on the right path. So, all-in-all, we feel that, that sort of a run-rate, especially in the first two or three quarters of FY 2024 continue after yesterday's Fed comments, it might be that sort of run rate for the entire year in FY 2024 as well.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay. Sorry about that. Little modeling snafu there. Maybe just as a follow-up, it seems AI is a hot topic these days, so I wanted to be sure you had the chance to talk about it. In the slides, you highlight cloud and AI/ML automation as being some of the growth drivers for 2024. You talked a little bit about the automation side of things, but maybe address what you're seeing in cloud and AI?
Kenny Wilson: Yes, thanks, Melissa. And actually, I'm going to [indiscernible] here because when we were preparing for the call, I was just back from an Asian tour within our facilities and I was really blown away by -- yes, I hadn't been there for a few years pre-pandemic and I was kind of blown away by just the improvements we’ve made internally and using robotics, automation, you will get better non-value added activities and leaning into AI to help us with algorithms that help us introduce new products quickly from an inspection perspective, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So, it was unbelievable that just how many people we've taken out of our processes by leading into automation and using an AI engine to support that. And we talk about that and I know that some people say that AI is going to be overhyped in short-term but obviously more beneficial in the longer term. But what we do see is and we are seeing, you need a lot of -- you need to teach these large language models, you need advanced network and obviously, you've got a lot of requirements for process and the cloud. So what we see is, but we think it's going to pick up over the longer term. But the ability to produce advanced networks and products and the ability to make your cloud devices where they require liquid cooling, they require high-speed optical interconnects, that plays to capabilities that we have been developing over a long period of time and that's why we're quite bullish in the longer-term from a cloud perspective because we're able to bring in multiple capabilities that we've developed in other parts of our business to support customers in that space, which is going to help them as we began request to support companies that are running large language models in the AI space. So, we think that for sure overheads in the short term, but we think in the longer term, it's going to be another real secular growth opportunity for us.
Melissa Fairbanks: Great. Thanks very much.
Kenny Wilson: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning, and thank you for taking the question. You mentioned you're planning for a challenging macroeconomic environment in 2024. As you see things today, are you thinking the macroeconomic environment is incrementally more difficult next year or is it more of a continuation of the kind of challenges you've been seeing?
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Mark. Just to clarify, I think the words I used, we're just being cautious and vigilant. There's a lot of chat around consumer end markets, we've seen some of that. It's a little bit patchy, it goes up, it comes down, for instance, Q2 was down, Q3 was actually up for us from a consumer standpoint, we're not seeing anything major in any of our end markets that would give us any concerns. I was just being cautious and vigilant, that's the only meaning behind my comments there. And if you look at the secular markets that we're in today, all growth-oriented, the EV, healthcare, renewables, 5G, cloud, they're all -- they're all moving in the right direction, so I don't think that gets slowed down by macroeconomic conditions that much, that might be instead of growing by double-digits, maybe it grows by single-digits. But overall, we're not seeing any of that right now. And we just want to be cautious and vigilant as well.
Mark Delaney: That's helpful. Thank you, Mike. And my other question is, as you're seeing such good growth in certain markets like EVs and renewables, are there steps you have to take operationally in order to continue that growth, either more factory capacity, finding more labor and other constraints you may be running into given that the growth rate you've been undergoing in a couple of those key markets? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yes, so on the EV side for example, yes, we have to expand our operations where we're expanding in the Americas, we're expanding in Europe, we are expanding in Asia. So, there is definitely -- we need to grow in our footprint in some of the geographies. Healthcare is a little bit more steady [indiscernible], but overall still the trend is upwards. Renewables, we've just opened a new factory in the US, but -- and we'll continue to expand as and when we feel the requirements are there. But yes, it is something we are watching, we're being very thoughtful, we're very disciplined. We don't want to over-invest in CapEx and we're watching trends very carefully to make sure there are long-term sustainable trends and not just hype which is temporary. So, yes, the answer to your question is, yes.
Kenny Wilson: And I call it follow up on that, Mark, also is that, we always talk about having a single instance of ACP in our company and that, for example, becomes critically important. As we look to get requests from customers to introduce new products, introduce them across multiple geographies, having that single instance of ACP is critically important, but more than that, we'd be JJ Creadon and his teams are looking at making sure that our factory network operates consistently with the same processes. We got a kind of unified table culture as I mentioned. So, our ability to incubate new business or new capabilities in one part of the world and then be able to deploy that at scale across the rest of our network really lends itself to our model. And so we're feeling quite bullish that we're really well-positioned to support the needs of our customers as you know, in the world where geographical manufacturing seems to be more invoked.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Vogt from UBS. Your line is now live.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and good morning. I just want to go back to the AI automation conversation. I know you're probably going to provide a lot of color on this in September and I know it's early days, but when you think about sort of the end markets in your customer base, obviously there's going to be some technological shifts in what's happening, whether it's in the data center or the network stack, how does that work with you and your customers in terms of you potentially winning new types of businesses for new technological sort of changes effectively and generally, what are the lead times in terms of from concept discussion into deployment? And then I have a follow-up on margins, which I can maybe just roll-in here as well. So, it sounds like near term, the opportunity is for your own efficiency gains from automation going forward in fiscal 2024 from AI potentially, is that fair? Is that a fair way to think about the business next year? Thanks.
Kenny Wilson: Yes. So, for sure, and if I don't answer this question, David, like there was a lot there. So, for sure, internally, I mentioned previously that, you know, there are internal processes, we will simplify, optimize, standardize, and automate. We've been doing that forever. This helps us accelerate some of that as I had mentioned. So, we see that this is definitely going to be help us from our ability to introduce new products, ability to be more efficient, and therefore drive margins. So, for sure, we see that. And in terms of engagement with customers, I mean, we don't see any one of our end markets that isn't going to be favorable for whether it's in autonomous driving or in healthcare or whatever, and the relationships that we have are quite deep-rooted with our customers. We access their technology roadmaps and conjunction with them to help them introduce new products. So I think that the model, this isn't going to change the model that we have engagement what we have with our customers, like we got our technical expense of which will be felt then across the company, are actively engaged with customers looking at their roadmaps and how we can support them, so I think for sure that there'll be some acceleration there. But for us, it's almost business as usual as it comes to engaging with our customers.
David Vogt: No, that's helpful. Maybe can I just ask a quick follow-up along those lines, do you -- I know it's early days, do you get the sense that maybe some customers would re-prioritize spending and roadmaps for maybe some existing sort of products and the roadmaps to really take advantage or jump on this new sort of large long-term secular driver in AI on anybody that have maybe some legacy [indiscernible] get de-emphasized?
Kenny Wilson: I don't think so. I mean I think that when people talk about that's been hyped in the short term, I think it's been hyped press in the short term. I think everyone who has been involved in our industry and the industry, you know, AMD talked about it yesterday, NVIDIA, I mean, they haven't just woke up yesterday and decided this it's a good idea, they've have been working on this roadmap for multiple years, so I think there's a little bit of hype in the press. But to those who are involved in the industry, I think it's just like a continuation of the roadmaps we've been working on.
David Vogt: Got it. So, it sounds like it's an additive. That's helpful, Kenny. Thank you.
Kenny Wilson: Yes, yes.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: This is the end of our call. Thank you for joining. Please reach out if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-03-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome to the Jabil’s Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Adam.
Adam Berry: Good morning. And welcome to Jabil’s second quarter of fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call is Chairman and CEO, Mark Mondello; incoming CEO, Kenny Wilson; and CFO, Mike Dastoor. In terms of agenda, Mike, Kenny and I will be offering today’s prepared remarks, while Mark will join for the question-and-answer session. Please note that today’s call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within the Investor Relations section of our website. At the conclusion of today’s call, a recording of the entirety will be posted for audio playback on our website. I’d now like to ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected third quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified on our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I’d now like to shift our focus to our second quarter results, where the team delivered approximately $8.1 billion in revenue in line with our forecast. As you dig a little deeper, it’s worth noting we saw strength in areas such as industrial, driven by continued robust demand for renewable energy generation and storage, automotive driven by the transition to electric vehicles, and healthcare as large OEMs in that space continue to partner with Jabil to deliver best-in-class personal care. Conversely, a portion of the year-over-year strength was offset by weakness in Semi-Cap and other consumer-oriented portions of our business. Putting it all together at the enterprise level, revenue grew by an impressive 8% year-over-year. Core operating income during the quarter was $391 million, an increase of 14% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 4.8%. This is up 20 basis points over the prior year and just ahead of our expectations from 90 days ago based on great operational execution within our EMS businesses. Net interest in the quarter came in higher than expectations at $74 million. In the quarter, we also repurchased 1.7 million shares for $127 million leaving us with $975 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization. From a GAAP perspective, operating income was $359 million our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.52. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.88, a 12% improvement over the prior year quarter and slightly ahead of the midpoint of our range. Now turning to the segments, revenue for the DMS segment was $4.1 billion, an increase of 8% on a year-over-year basis and in line with our expectations, while core operating margin for the segment came in at 4.6% as expected, as a result of strong returns in auto and health care, offset by weakness in consumer markets. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $4.1 billion, an increase of 7% year-over-year, while core margins for the segment was 5.1%, up 110 basis points year-over-year reflecting solid leverage on strong revenue growth. So in summary, a strong close to the first half of our fiscal year. As we sit today, I know the team here is extremely proud of the strides we have made to not only improve our business over the last several years, but also make it more strong and more resilient. This improved resiliency in our business was reflected in the Q2 results. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Mike and Kenny to provide some additional thoughts on our performance in the quarter and update our outlook for fiscal 2023 and I think you will see there’s so much opportunity as we look towards fiscal 2024 and beyond. Thanks for your time today. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Q2 marked a solid close to the first half of the fiscal year. Through the first two quarters of FY 2023, the team delivered strong year-over-year growth in revenue, core operating income and core earnings per share, while also expanding core margins by 20 basis points compared to the first half of FY 2022. Growth year-to-date has been headlined by areas of our businesses experiencing long-term secular growth trends, offset slightly by some of our more consumer centric markets and Semi-Cap. The team’s impressive performance through the first half of our fiscal year, despite what continues to be an extremely dynamic macroeconomic environment underscores the strength of our diversified portfolio and the improved resiliency of our business. Next, I’d like to begin with an update on our cash flow and balance sheet metrics as of the end of Q2 beginning with inventory, which came in higher than expected mainly due to timing and continued component constraints on the automotive supply chain. The team did a good job offsetting a portion of our inventory levels with inventory deposits from our customers. Net of these deposits, inventory days was 69 in Q2. We continue to be fully focused on bringing this metric down further in FY 2023 and beyond, targeting net inventory days ranging between 60 days to 65 days in the medium-term and expecting to normalize in the 55 days to 60 days range in the long-term. Our second quarter cash flows from operations came in at $414 million, while net capital expenditures totaled $304 million. With this, we ended the quarter with cash balances of $1.2 billion and a total debt to core EBITDA level of approximately 1.1. Turning now to our third quarter guidance on the next slide, we expect total company revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 to be in the range of $7.9 billion to $8.5 billion. At the midpoint, this anticipates DMS and EMS revenue will both be $4.1 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $363 million to $423 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $336 million to $396 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.70 to $2.10. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.50 to $1.90. Net interest expense in the third quarter is estimated to be approximately $80 million and for the year to be in the range of $295 million to $300 million, which is higher than we forecasted in December, due to more conservative interest rate and working capital assumptions. As inventory levels normalize, I expect these interest costs to gradually decrease over the mid- to long-term. Tax rate on core earnings in the third quarter is estimated to be approximately 19%. Moving to the next slide, where I will offer an update on the end market demand assumptions and how these translate to our FY 2023 revenue expectations. At a high level, our year so far is playing out consistent with our assumptions in December. The industry continues to benefit from outsourcing of manufacturing as a macro trend due to dynamics such as onshoring closer to end consumers, complex supply chain dynamics and greater content due to ever increasing design complexities and products. We continue to expect areas of our businesses benefiting from strong long-term secular growth trends like electric vehicles, healthcare, renewable energy infrastructure, 5G and cloud to drive solid year-over-year growth. An area where our outlook has improved since December is in our industrial business where we see robust demand for renewable energy infrastructure, which we expect to drive double-digit year-over-year revenue growth. Electric vehicle demand also continues to remain extremely strong as we continue to gain share in an end market with strong robust growth as we navigate product manufacturing life cycles and ramps at different stages in their maturity curves, constrained by a tight component supply chain. We expect a portion of the solid growth from our secular markets to be offset by lower demand in our consumer-facing markets and in Semi-Cap. In summary, we feel the outlook for our business is solid and expect the secular demand across many of our end markets to remain strong. Considering this updated demand picture, let’s now turn to the next slide to get a view of our updated guidance for FY 2023. We expect our improved mix of business will drive incremental operating leverage, thereby giving us the confidence to raise our core margins by 10 basis points to 4.9% for FY 2023 on revenue of $34.5 billion. We continue to anticipate core EPS will be $8.40, which is reflective of our improved core operating income, offset by higher interest expense. Importantly, for the year, we also remain committed to generating an excess of $900 million in free cash flow. Overall, our performance during the first half of the year gives us excellent momentum as we look to close out another strong year and drive the company to core margins beyond 5%. And with that, I would now like to turn the call over to Kenny.
Kenny Wilson: Thanks, Mike. I am pleased to be joining the call today. It is truly humbling to reflect back 23 years to when I joined Jabil in our manufacturing facility in Livingston, Scotland. Since then I have been afforded the opportunity to grow and lead several areas of our business. Most recently, I had the privilege to live and work in Asia, leading our Jabil Green Point organization, which has played a major role in building out multiple key capabilities that continue to be leverage across the company. Going forward, I am excited to lead Jabil as CEO, alongside a team of extremely talented and long tenured industry leaders. I would like to share a few thoughts on what you should expect from us going forward. As Mark mentioned 90 days ago, think of this as evolutionary, not revolutionary, it is our term to carry the torch and prepare our organization for future growth. First, we have a customer-centric organization, always have been, always will be. As such, we will continue to work tirelessly on behalf of our customers and shareholders to deliver long-term value. Second, we will continue to cultivate our unique culture, which attracts, retains, empowers and enables our people, allowing their true self to turn up to work every day. Third, we will remain focused on increasing margins and delivering sustainable free cash flow through a combination of enhancing the mix of our business and excellent operational execution. It’s my belief that this in turn will allow us to earn an appropriate return on investment for the value we provide. Moving on to our business, today we see incredible tailwinds driving our business forward. For instance, this year, we are seeing robust growth in our industrial business in areas like renewable energy generation and storage. In automotive, the team continues to navigate multiple complex program introductions, increasing both our scale and addressable content per vehicle. And in healthcare, we continue to win new business in areas such as digital health and precision medicine as the industry outsource trend accelerates. The success we are seeing in these areas is a key proof point of our team’s ability to leverage multiple capabilities across fiscal end markets as we continue to diversify our service offerings. Moving on to the year, I am pleased with the momentum underway in the business. We expect good growth and operating leverage, which gives us the confidence to raise our expectations for core margins to 4.9% for fiscal 2023. At the same time, we remain highly focused on delivering more than $900 million in free cash flow and when I think about Jabil beyond fiscal year 2023, there is a tremendous amount of opportunity ahead. Between the mix of business and the growth trends underpinned by our long tenured management team, I am confident that we can drive the company at above 5% core margins with sustainable strong cash flows. This will afford us tremendous flexibility in our capital allocation. In the coming years, we will remain focused on executing buybacks when they produce strong returns for shareholders and remain committed to a dividend. As it relates to M&A, you will see us continue to focus on capability building deals consistent with the past several years. And finally, we will ensure our capital structure is optimized and remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit profile. In closing, I feel it is appropriate to send a message to our people here at Jabil. I have spent over 20 years at our company and I am excited to be a leader. I will strive to make you proud. At Jabil, our people are our greatest asset. Our strength is in our ability to bring together a collection of people from diverse backgrounds, different experiences and multiple generations and moved into a culture that across the world is both consistent and a true differentiator. Being no doubt that all that matters every day is that you give away your best, focus on performance and strive to be the leader or coworker you wish you had. In summary, bring your true self to work each and every day without anxiety or fear of recourse. I am truly grateful to each and every one of you for all that you do. I will now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Kenny. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Kenny, good to have you on Board and on the earnings call. Let me start by asking you a question on automotive. Jabil’s revenue from automotive has been pretty strong and you have been manufacturing components, like you said, for EVs for a long time. However, this space may get crowded over the next two years to three years, I am thinking about media reports indicating at least one large Taiwanese EMS company looking to manufacture EVs. So when you look over the next two year, three years, do you think Jabil has a competitive advantage in this space that can sustain over the medium-term and how much of your auto revenues today are from EVs and do you see that percent growing over the next few years?
Kenny Wilson: Yeah. Thanks for the message, Ruplu. I really appreciate it. Yeah. So, as you know, the EMS, the automotive industry when you do automotive business, you have got to be -- it takes you a while to get qualified. The programs run for five years, six years, seven years. You also got to be able to leverage that capability consistently in multiple geographies across the world. So that kind of plays to our strength and we see that -- for sure we think there’s enough opportunity and enough heeding for multiple different suppliers or competitors. So, yes, we are pretty confident that, we have got a value proposition that’s going to see us continue to grow our business in automotive in the longer term. In terms of -- in the EV space, if we look at our total automotive business, it’s in the order of 80% to 90% of our business now is kind of EV and autonomous. So I think you should expect -- we are pretty confident that basically we are well positioned. We have got business with most of the large OEMs and we are very, very confident that’s going to grow and continue across multiple geographies in the future.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks, Kenny, for the details there. For my follow-up, let me ask a question to Mike. So you beat the midpoint of your fiscal 2Q EPS guide by about $0.04 and you are raising the operating margin outlook for fiscal 2023 looks like by 10 bps, but you kept the full year EPS guide of $8.40. So my question is, Mike, when you look at the remaining year, at the second half of the year, do you see a weaker operating environment in the second half or is there some conservatism in the guidance, just if you can give us your thoughts? And also, EMS had a very strong margin performance in fiscal 2Q, do you think that will sustain going forward? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. Thanks. So, if you look at EBIT. EBIT has grown from December by about $25 million, but on the other side of the coin, interest costs have gone up as well, our business -- our operating business, our secular trends, all the end markets that we perform in, that’s actually going really well. Performance is stronger than we have anticipated. So we have taken EBIT up. Unfortunately, we have had a slightly higher level of inventory, mainly due to couple of reasons. There’s timing where inventory came in at the end of the quarter. The opposite side of that shows up in AP. So I am not that worried about that piece. But the auto supply chain continues to be tight. We sort of anticipated it improving over the quarter and the rest of the year. We are not seeing that. So it’s not getting worse, but it’s not getting any better either. So there’s inventory and then on the interest side, obviously, the short end of the interest rate curve has steepened over the last 10 weeks, 12 weeks, notwithstanding the last three days or four days. The short-term borrowings that we have to finance our working capital has gone up as well. So it’s a little bit of a positive story and that our underlying business is performing really well. We are having some level of temporary issues with inventory and interest rates. If you look at the other side of that, when we come out of this at some point in time over the next three quarters, four quarters, interest rates, interest costs, everything should subside at our inventory levels should be much better as well. So right now, our inventory is in that 68 days, 69 days sort of the net inventory that we have announced. The expectation is for it to be in the 60 days, 65 days in the medium-term and I actually expect it to go down to 55 days, 60 days in the long-term as well. So, plenty of positive momentum to come at some point in the future as well, Ruplu.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Ruplu. This is…
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay.
Mark Mondello: Ruplu, this is Mark. If I could add a comment, listening to Mike’s response, with everything we got going on, the macro the way it is today, if you think about the back half of the year and again, adding to what Mike said, our DMS margins for the second half are going to be in the range of 5%, which is right where they thought -- we thought they would be in September, and by the way, that’s with consumer getting hit pretty hard, at least temporarily. The EMS margins for the second half of the year are going to be in the range now of about 5%, maybe even slightly stronger, that’s going to be 30 bps, 40 bps higher than where we thought we would be in September. And the enterprise margin for the second half of the year is now also going to be in the range of 5%. That’s 10 bps, 20 bps higher than what we thought it would be back in September. And then if you kind of take that tangentially in a different manner, we have got margins from 22% at an enterprise level of being 4.6%. And as you alluded to in your question, we are going to be up 30 bps at an enterprise level year-on-year. So all things considered, the business has been run and executed really, really well.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Mark thanks for all the details there and congrats on the strong execution.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning. Two questions if I could. Just one follow-up on the auto details that you provided. When we think about the really tremendous growth you have had the last two years, I assume it slows next year. How do we think about sort of the impact this growth has had on margin mix, et cetera, and as it slows, what’s the impact to margins overall? And as a second question, I was just curious if you could expand on the comment about outsourcing accelerating in digital health and precision medicine, like, any further color around what that means for Jabil? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Steve. Are you saying or suggesting. I couldn’t quite hear you correctly. Are you saying automotive is going to slow next year?
Steven Fox: Well, I am assuming hitting 50% growth again for the third year in a row might be difficult, but I could be wrong on that?
Mark Mondello: So we have done….
Steven Fox: I am not…
Mark Mondello: I didn’t know. I just wanted to clarify. I don’t know if you are asking in terms of a macro slowdown, slowdown to Jabil, slowdown in absolute dollars or slowdown on our CAGR growth rates, so?
Steven Fox: Yeah. I was talking about your specific growth rate market.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. That’s -- I think that’s fair. We have come off of, I don’t remember the exact numbers, but I think 2021 to 2022, the business grew north of 40%, 2022 to 2023 if things hold, it will grow north of 40%. I don’t think next year, it’s going to grow north of 40%. But I think, if I had to speculate, I think, of our eight sectors, I think, automotive and transport will certainly be towards the top in terms of growth 2023 to 2024 on a relative basis. I mentioned on Ruplu’s question on how the margins, I think, again, when we look at the back half of the year, we are really, really satisfied, excuse me, with overall margins and really satisfied with margins taking it up 10 bps for the year. Intertwined in that, though, is we have a ton of activity going on in auto EVs at the moment and there’s a lot of that activity that hasn’t reached maturity yet and we expect it to do so in 2024. So almost independent of whether the growth is 10%, 20%, 30% next year. I think the activity and the efforts we are putting into that space at the moment are going to have a good result and a good outlook and outcome in 2024.
Steven Fox: Thanks for that. And then in terms of the health care outsourcing accelerating?
Mark Mondello: I think we -- we have been saying this since we did the JJMD deal and then we got hit with COVID. I think, philosophically, we are directionally correct in our hypothesis around opportunities to be able to capture more and more outsourcing in the personalized digital overall healthcare space. As you know, it’s a very, very, let’s just say, formal marketplace. So decisions are very well thought as they should be with a lot of patients being involved. But nothing’s changed at all in terms of our overall thoughts and commentary we have been making the last couple of years in terms of how that market looks for us and how we are positioned for that market. I think timing has been a little bit slower than we anticipated, but nonetheless, the trajectory of that is still in really good shape.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s a very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Melissa Fairbanks from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Melissa Fairbanks: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I have got two questions, they may be related, so I will just ask them both at once. It’s great to see you raise the full year revenue target for industrial and Semi-Cap. You did mention the strong growth in renewables. I was wondering if you could give us an update on your expectations for the other businesses in that segment, Semi-Cap and elsewhere? And then as a second, very nice move higher on the operating margin target for EMS as Mark highlighted, what’s driving that upside? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I will start and Mike and Kenny can chime in. I think the beginning of the year, we thought industrial Semi-Cap would be, I don’t remember the exact numbers, but say, around $4.2 billion, $4.3 billion. We have got that now indexed around $4.5 billion. The nice thing is we are seeing, and again, this is just another statement of how important it is to lean into the diversification of the business today. But we are seeing some overall weakness in Semi-Cap. Again, down the road, we think that, that makes a nice recovery, even with that combined industrial Semi-Cap compared to September is going to be up $200 million and maybe a little bit more than that. I think a big part of that is we are absolutely seeing benefit from the Inflation Reduction Act. So when we think about the portion of our industrial business that leans hard into solar, hard into clean energy, renewables, that’s beneficial and we -- as we think about FY 2024, we think there will be continued benefit there. What was the second part of your question?
Melissa Fairbanks: Just wondering if that’s kind of what’s driving the higher operating margin target for EMS, just a mix up or is there is internal efficiencies or what else?
Mark Mondello: I would say, if you are talking about the OI line year-on-year, boy, it’s one of the best financial metrics we have in the company. I would say it starts with the composition of the team led by Fred McCoy and his whole team. The job they are doing on an execution basis is tremendous. If you think about some of the catalysts for sure, the Inflation Reduction Act overall industrial are strong. Parts of wireless infrastructure and cloud remains strong, and then, again, on the income line, I would say, it’s a combination of just tremendous execution, customer care, and again, our -- the overall EMS portfolio, although, we report it in four different sectors, just has an endless number of customers and I think that diversification plays into that as well.
Melissa Fairbanks: Excellent. Thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So just on the manufacturing footprint in Mexico and North America, are you seeing some increasing competition from some of the Asia competitors and any resulting price based competition there? And if you could expand on some of the competitive advantages you have here in North America, just seems some favorable growth trends? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: We always see competition. I feel without -- I don’t really want to get into quantifying it. I just think -- we are a U.S. domiciled company and if there was ever a geography that I feel really, really good, again, I think, we compete really well all over the globe. I feel very good about our ability to compete in the Americas. We have always -- we have a longstanding track record in how to run, execute and offer great customer care out of Mexico and the U.S. In terms of getting into the competition of who they are it’s the same competition we have all over the globe. If you are inferring that over the next coming years, maybe overall growth rates might be quite good in North America and Mexico. If you are serious on that or your inference on that is correct, we are very, very well positioned both in U.S. and Mexico.
Paul Chung: Got you. Nice home field advantage. And then on connected devices and mobility here, are we kind of seeing a bottom here in guidance revisions and can we start to see maybe rebounding order flow as we head into second half of calendar year? Just your thoughts on those key markets and how kind of margins also evolved? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome. For us, mobility -- if I think about FY 2022, if I think about our outlook in September and if I think about where it is today, mobility hasn’t changed much, it’s plus or minus $100 million on nearly a $4 billion base. So mobility is kind of turning out about how we thought it would and both on an absolute scale and a relative scale to September in FY 2022 and there’s a lot of puts and takes there. Our overall consumer business, though, is we -- it’s weak compared to 2022, it’s weak compared to what we thought in September. Has it bottomed? Not sure. Let’s see what happens. There are so many moving parts. You have seen what has happened this week in the banking industry. We will see what the interaction is both from the government, both from the Fed. So, again, the nice thing is, is our consumer business is well diversified. In terms of the sector or end market as a whole, I don’t know if I would have enough insight to suggest it’s bottomed or not, I would say that, we have taken a very significant hit in consumer. I think our outlook for the back half of the year is rational and with that we are taking the year up in terms of margins by 10 bps and we feel really, really good about that. And again, I think, it’s illustrative of the composition of the overall company today.
Paul Chung: Great. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Shannon Cross from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Shannon Cross: Hi. Thank you very much. Speaking of turmoil in the banking system we are still here.
Mark Mondello: Congratulations.
Shannon Cross: Thank you. Yes. To all the clients out there we are alive and kicking. So with -- just a couple of questions. On the EMS margin you attributed the improvement to scale leverage. Can you elaborate more on that and then maybe just talk about how you see scale versus mix versus cost optimization playing through as you look forward on operating margin? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Let me clarify, you are talking about the margin expansion in EMS?
Shannon Cross: Yes.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I don’t think I -- maybe I said it and maybe I forgot already, but I don’t think I suggested that, it’s solely around scale and leverage. It’s -- I think it’s mainly around the fact -- I think it’s composition of the business and I think it’s about the experience and the execution of. In terms of our overall company I feel this way. Our -- there’s no team in the industry, in our industry that has the experience and just the overall approach that our EMS team does. So I think leadership matters, I think the team matters. I am giving you mixed thoughts, because the results are very good, but it’s not like a coincidence. I think it’s a combination of the leadership team. We have restructured that organization a bit. We took some costs out at the beginning of the year that Mike talked about back in December. The composition, the overall diversification, our opportunity to continue to gain share in areas that we want to gain share in. We have also made some very tough decisions on maybe some relationships that weren’t performing as well. And by the way, in general, I think that, in our industry, scale gives us a huge competitive advantage for lots of different reasons and not just scale for the sake of scale, but add to that our geographic reach, our geographic knowhow and then weave into that the sophistication of our IT systems, the investments we have made on the manufacturing floor, which is hundreds of millions of dollars over the last three years or four years in automation, AI, robotics, data analytics, I think, all that plays, Shannon.
Shannon Cross: Okay. Thanks. And then, I guess, as you think about capital allocation, obviously, shareholder, sorry, share repurchase remains a key focus. How are you balancing the opportunity, say, in auto where, obviously, there’s significant growth potential versus returning cash to shareholders? What’s -- I know you go through probably just a returns based analysis, but how are you sort of thinking about it holistically and potential for, I don’t know, small acquisitions as well?
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to answer this. I think I will waive the Jabil flag a little bit. I believe, in my opinion and I have had lots and lots and lots of debates with sell-side, buy-side folks. I think from June of 2016 through today, we never get it right, we never get it perfect and we will never be exactly aligned with the sell-side, buy-side partners. But I think we have done an exceptional job with our capital allocation strategy both strategically, tactically and financially. And it is a lot of about a lot of data, a lot of data analytics and we have come at that all the time with an eye on what do we truly believe is best for the long-term health of the business and then, of course, shareholders and customers and we will continue to behave in that exact manner.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yeah. Thanks and good morning. A couple of questions from me, first, on your wireless and cloud segment, just looking for more color what you are seeing in demand there. I know you are guiding that segment down for fiscal 2023, but part of that is due to the incremental consigned inventory at your cloud customers. We are hearing, obviously, from some competitors and suppliers that, that business has been weakening and pretty lumpy. So any color there would be great?
Mark Mondello: We -- so if you think about the business and again we combine 5G wireless, infrastructure and cloud together, as you know, from what we thought it was going to be 90 days ago in December. I actually think we guided it up by, I think, roughly $100 million relative to December and we are getting back to levels that actually we thought it would be back in September. So there’s pockets of that where we are seeing a little bit of weakening. Overall, though, a reminder, our 5G wireless business is very global in nature. So to the extent that there’s any and I am not suggesting there is or isn’t, but to the extent there’s any type of pockets of weakening in North America, we are really fortunate to have that business well diversified and our overall cloud solution, cloud business today is continuing to execute and operate slightly above the plan.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thank you for that. And then on the supply constraints that you are seeing in automotive, I know in previous quarters you have had supply issues across other businesses, including healthcare and some other markets. Could you comment on the availability of parts in those areas, and on the automotive side, are you getting a sense that that supply will improve over the next few quarters?
Mark Mondello: Yeah. This is a recurring topic and rightfully so because it’s been awful the last 18 months. We started tapping the drum and then maybe pounding the drum as we exited the summer of 2022, moved into fall of 2023 with opinions that the supply chain would probably get better sooner relative to maybe some other projections. It also, I think, is illustrative of advantage point we have with our scale cutting across so many different end markets. That’s played out to be true. And I would say, in general terms, I believe we talked about maybe during the September Investor Day, that we thought the supply chain, although, maybe not fully back to normal, would normalize by late winter, spring time of 2023 and that’s shown to be true. So, all in all, as we continue to move into the summertime of calendar 2023 and into the fall we see the supply chain getting better and better.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: You are very welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Kenny, congratulations on the expanding responsibilities. First on the full year revenue guidance, I recognize there’s no change to the overall guidance. If I look at the second half, in particular, it does imply year-over-year revenue declines especially in the EMS segment. I recognize there’s a high base that’s perhaps a factor. But could you double click a little bit on what’s happening in the second half? How much is maybe that high base in program timing and how much might be macro factors that are contributing to that?
Mark Mondello: Mark, you are breaking up a little bit. There’s some static on the line. So I am not sure I understood your question correctly. So let me offer an answer and if I miss your question, please tell me and I will do a better job trying to dial in on exactly what you are asking. So I think what I heard you ask was back half of the year in terms of revenue. So if I could break that into three buckets and if I -- again bring me back to the genesis of your question, if I missed it. If we look at the back half, our DMS revenue is down about $200 million relative to where we thought we would be in September and almost all of that is the consumer space. Our EMS revenue is within $50 million, $100 million where we thought it would be in September, so let’s just say that’s flat and largely as we expected. At an enterprise level, the second half is off about $150 million, $200 million, and again, that captures the consumer business as a subset. So in the most simplistic terms, that’s how we look at the back half revenue wise relative to the outlook we provided in September.
Mark Delaney: That’s helpful, Mark. Hopefully, you can hear me a little bit better now, I removed my headset. But I was also trying to get at whether or not you thought the declines in the second half was due to program timing and just a high base from last year or you would attribute it to macroeconomic trends?
Mark Mondello: Which declines are you speaking to?
Mark Delaney: Well, specifically in the EMS part of the business being down year-on-year. It looked like it was a tough comp. So was it kind of more program timing or would you attribute it more to macroeconomic factors?
Mark Mondello: You are talking about on a year-on-year basis?
Mark Delaney: Correct.
Mark Mondello: Okay. The vast majority of that is consignment. If you take a look at year-on-year, and again, I will round the numbers and my numbers might not be exact, but if you break it into the four sectors in which we report our business. Digital print and retail, I believe, is up year-on-year. Industrial Semi-Cap is up a lot year-on-year and that’s with a week -- that’s with a hopefully a temporary weak situation in Semi-Cap. Our network and storage business is up for the year. And 5G wireless and cloud is down for the year, of which all of that is consignment from a financial perspective and that sector is up in terms of unit volumes.
Mark Delaney: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back to management for any further or closing comments.
Mark Mondello: Thank you for your time today. Please reach out if you have any further questions.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-12-15 04:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's first quarter of fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me on today's call is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within our Investor Relations section. At the conclusion of today's call, the entirety will be posted for audio playback on our website. I'd now like to ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected second quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified on our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'd now like to shift our focus to our solid quarter. To kick off the fiscal year, the team delivered approximately $9.6 billion in revenue, well ahead of our forecast and at the top end of our guidance range, driven by even better-than-expected revenue in automotive, healthcare and industrial. All other end markets largely performed consistent to our expectations from 90 days ago. When you put all of this together, at the enterprise level, revenue grew by 12% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Core operating income during the quarter was $461 million, an increase of 15% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 4.8%. This is up 10 basis points over the prior year and in line with expectations. From a GAAP perspective, operating income was $362 million, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.61. Net interest expense in the quarter came in higher than expectations at $66 million as the combination of higher interest rates and better-than-expected demand drove our working capital needs higher during the quarter. During the quarter, we also repurchased 2.6 million shares for $161 million. Core diluted earnings per share was $2.31, a 20% improvement over the prior year quarter and at the higher end of our range as core operating income grew much faster than net interest expense. Now turning to the segments. Revenue for the DMS segment was $5.1 billion, an increase of 8% on a year-over-year basis and ahead of our plan from September, while core operating margin for the segment came in at 5.2%, slightly below expectations as upside strength in automotive and healthcare was offset by operational inefficiencies associated with mobility in China. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $4.5 billion, an increase of 18% on a year-over-year basis, while core margins for the segment was 4.3%, up 50 basis points year-over-year, reflecting solid operational execution on strong revenue growth. So in summary, another strong quarter is in the books for Jabil. And I know the team here is extremely proud of the strides we've made to not only improve our business over the last 10 years but also make it stronger and more resilient. In a moment, I'll turn the call over to Mark and Mike to provide some additional thoughts on our performance in the quarter and update our outlook for fiscal '23. And I think you'll see there's still so much opportunity as we move into fiscal '23 and beyond. Thanks for your time today. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor : Thanks, Adam. As Adam just detailed, our performance in Q1 was quite strong. I continue to be extremely pleased with the strength of our business, which delivered double-digit growth in revenue, core operating income and core diluted earnings per share in the quarter. Our diversified portfolio and continued participation in end markets with long-term secular trends was once again reflected in our Q1 performance.  I'd now like to walk you through our balance sheet and cash flow performance in the quarter. In Q1, cash flow from operations was $166 million and net capital expenditures totaled $164 million. As a reminder, our customers routinely co-invest in plant, property and equipment with us as part of our ongoing business model. We often pay for these co-investments upfront, which are then later reimbursed to us by customers. Due to the high dollar value of these co-investments from our customers and how they are reflected on our cash flow statement, it is important to net the two line items shown on the slide to reflect the true CapEx number and what we refer to as net capital expenditures.  For the quarter, inventory days came in at 78, down 1 day sequentially on improved working capital management by the team. As a reminder, we offset a portion of our inventory levels with inventory deposits from our customers. Net of these deposits, inventory days were 61 in Q1, also down 1 day from Q4. We continue to be fully focused on bringing this metric down further in FY '23 as some of the supply chain constraints continue to improve.  We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.2x on cash balances of $1.2 billion. Turning now to our second quarter guidance on the next slide. We expect total company revenue in the second quarter of fiscal '23 to be in the range of $7.8 billion to $8.4 billion. At the midpoint, this anticipates DMS and EMS revenue to be $4.1 billion and $4 billion, respectively. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $347 million to $407 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $319 million to $379 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.64 to $2.04. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.44 to $1.84. Interest expense in the second quarter is estimated to be approximately $67 million and for the year to be in the range of $265 million to $270 million, which is higher than we forecasted in September due to more conservative interest rate and working capital assumptions. The tax rate on core earnings in the second quarter is estimated to be approximately 19%. Moving to the next slide, where I'll offer an update on the end market demand assumptions that we noted in September. As a reminder, our FY '23 guidance assumed a moderate economic slowdown and some moderation in growth in the second half of our fiscal year. Based on what we know today, our assumptions from a demand perspective remain largely consistent. Across many of our end markets, demand has been extremely resilient, particularly in areas that continue to benefit from strong secular tailwinds like electric vehicles, healthcare, renewable energy infrastructure 5G and cloud. We continue to expect these secular markets to expand in the pace of an economic slowdown. At the same time, we also continue to expect some consumer-centric end markets to underperform year-on-year consistent with our thoughts in September. All together, we still expect good growth in FY '23, as you'll see detailed on the next slide. Starting with our automotive business, which continues to outperform despite global supply chain issues as the transition to EV accelerates. We've seen this rapid acceleration manifest in FY '23 automotive revenue growth expected to be in excess of 40% year-on-year. We're also expecting double-digit year-over-year growth in our healthcare business, which continues to benefit from an outsourcing of manufacturing trend and has historically been recession resistant with long product life cycles accretive margins and stable cash flows. Further, our industrial business is also expected to expand by double digits this year, fueled by growth in clean and smart energy infrastructure as government legislation, such as the Inflation Reduction Act in the U.S. accelerates investment in the space. And in 5G wireless, we continue to expect solid year-on-year growth. Infrastructure rollouts are accelerating, and our localized manufacturing capabilities are leading to growth in other geos such as India. We expect these rollouts to play out over the next several years regardless of near-term economic conditions.  Within our cloud business in September, we detailed our plan to shift certain components we procure and integrate from a purchase and resale model to a customer control consignment service model. This transition, in fact, began in November, which is earlier than our expectations 90 days ago. As a result, revenue would be lower than previously expected as an incremental $300 million of components was shipped to the new model. This is in addition to the $500 million of consignment impact we announced in September. Adjusting for this shift, we expect continued robust unit growth in the cloud space in FY '23 and beyond. In summary, we feel the outlook for our business is solid and expect demand across many of our end markets to remain strong with year-over-year revenue growth at an enterprise level to be approximately 3% for FY '23 despite an assumed economic slowdown in the second half of the fiscal year. Now turning to the next slide. We have intentionally structured our business with the aim of delivering core operating margin expansion, sustainable earnings growth, strong predictable cash flows and shareholder returns. With that in mind, while we continue to expect growth in our business despite recessionary headwinds, we have identified certain cost savings mainly in our SG&A and support organization for the second half of our fiscal year as we continue to look at doing more with less. And noncore expenses associated with our optimization activities will be approximately $45 million, with the benefits expected in the back half of the fiscal year. We anticipate these costs will result in a net benefit to core earnings per share of approximately $0.10 in FY '23 and $0.20 in FY '24. This benefit has been considered in our updated core EPS outlook for FY '23 of $8.40. We expect the cash outlay associated with our optimization efforts to be incurred over the next two quarters, and we continue to expect free cash flow of more than $900 million in the fiscal year. We expect the momentum underway across our business to continue even in a subdued economic environment and feel the steps we've taken to optimize our business are appropriate and make us stronger. I would like to wish everyone a safe and happy holiday. Thank you for your time today, and thank you for your interest in Jabil. I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mike. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by saying thanks to our team here at Jabil. Thank you for your attention to detail, and thank you for the way you care for and accept one another. Your attitude is amazing, and your dedication is incredible.  With that, let's move to our next slide. It's staggering when I think about what our team has built and tailored over the past five to six years. A large-scale portfolio of business sectors, eight discrete yet interwoven sectors, which offer Jabil a high degree of resiliency during times of macro and geopolitical disruption as well as gearing times when we simply welcome the ongoing demands placed on us by our customers. IN looking at this slide, I think about a world where countless products and a massive number of supply chains need to be created, redesigned or modified, therefore placing Jabil deep in the heart of essential end markets. Before moving to our next slide, it's worth revisiting the topic that we addressed during our Investor Day event back in September, the topic being the intentional output of the portfolio you see in front of you with the intention being that no single product contributes more than 5% to Jabil's overall earnings. This result is a good thing. It's a really good thing, especially when we think about dependability and sustainability. It also shines a bright light on the strategic importance of diversification and scale and the clear impact it has when operating our business. In recognizing our Q1 results, along with our 2Q guide as detailed by Adam and Mike, combined with a watchful eye on the back half of the year, we find ourselves with an updated financial plan for FY '23, an outlook which has us increasing core earnings per share to $8.40, an increase of $0.25 from our forecast roughly 90 days ago. In addition, we believe that core operating margin will hold at 4.8% for the year on revenue of roughly $34.5 billion, while free cash flow remains north of $900 million. Integral to this outlook is the fact that our team is doing an exceptional job of proactively managing costs and controlling what they can control in today's environment. Moving to our next slide. I'll share thoughts on our path forward. Shown here are fundamental catalysts, which are key to favorable results and future outcomes for Jabil: The unique combination of our approach, structure and experience, our ability to execute, combined with our engineering expertise, financial plans that are grounded in rational assumptions and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. And rounding on our path forward, maybe it makes sense to step back a bit and think about the past few years. The data suggests that what we're doing is working, a testament of just how well our team is managing the business I'd now like to transition from our path to our purpose. Here at Jabil, we're never confused about our obligation to deliver a fair return to shareholders. With this obligation well understood, and considering the upcoming holiday season, we're taking a little extra time to heighten our focus on ensuring a meaningful purpose in all we do. We're encouraging our employees to take a deep breath and a short pause, creating a little time for reflection, reflect on our team, reflect on their personal lives and reflect on giving back to those in need. And speaking a reflection, when it comes to helping those in need, I'm proud to report that our employees around the world just surpassed 1 million hours of personal volunteer time for calendar 2022. What a positive difference created for so many around the world, so many who need it most. Our team's effort was extraordinary. And in multiple ways, their effort was life-changing. Here at Jabil, we fully embraced the meaning and importance of carrying a purpose, both at home and in the workplace. And we do so with exceptional conduct and care. I'm just so honored to serve such a strong and steady team. Their approach is responsible and reliable. They value the relationships we have with all of those that we serve. Each day, we welcome the challenges put forth by our customers. And in doing so, Jabil is making the world just a little bit better. In closing, to all of you here at Jabil, please know that you can be your true self without anxiety or fear recourse each day when you come to work. And to everyone on the call today, I wish you a safe and peaceful holiday season.  With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mark. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Two questions, if I could, please. First, on inventories, Mike. A little bit of improvement there quarter-over-quarter and it looks like you were able to get more components on the auto side. I wonder how close we are to just sort of calling spring in terms of normalizing inventories during the course of the next 12 months. And then I had a follow-up.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Steve. Yes, so the inventory days that we just printed 61 days, down 1 day from Q4. A normalized run rate, Steve, would be around that 55, 57. That's what I expect. Not anytime soon, but that is the ultimate sort of aim. I do expect that 61 days to continue to go down to that 58, 59 level. There will be quarterly nuances, timing nuances, et cetera. But overall, the trend would be in the downward direction, particularly with the supply chain constraints easing, as you mentioned.
Steven Fox : That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more of some of the stuff you're doing on the energy infrastructure side. It seems to be supporting some good growth in industrial from the standpoint of how the new program backlog looks, what your right to play in those markets, whether it's increasing and where you're seeing production interest.
Mark Mondello : Steve, that's an area of our business. As you know, it's embedded in our industrial business. We don't tend to break out all the individual products. But in terms of overall energy management, clean energy, et cetera, that's an area where, if you take a look at our overall industrial growth, I would say that the growth rate of that component of our industrial business is greater than most of the other industrial business. So whether it be solar, whether it be off-grid battery storage, whether it be new efficiency of off-grid power generation, mobile power generation, it's an area that's, from a strategy standpoint, very important in the next three to four years of the overall industrial business. I'd equate it -- I don't know that the growth will be as secular as maybe EVs. But five, six years ago, when we made decisions to go hard into the EV market and move a lot of our resources that way, you could think of it a bit the same in terms of our overall industrial business. That part of our industrial business is getting a lot of attention.
Steven Fox : Any skill set you would point out as to why you guys are winning in that segment in particular?
Mark Mondello : Yes. You're welcome. I guess I'd make a general statement and a specific statement. I think one of the interesting characteristics of Jabil is to be really effective in this business over the long term, I think scale matters. And then in one of the slides that we just indexed through, if you look at the overall portfolio today that make up the $34 billion, $35 billion of revenue, the balance of the portfolio is substantial.  And so again, coming back to your specific question, when I think about the markets that you're referring to, A, we've got a whole set of engineering staff that are, let's just say, expert in that area. But much like all of our businesses, they also have a vast pool of engineering resources in other sectors that they also get to confer with and talk to and think about being creative in terms of overall solutions in the industrial space. And I think that makes a big difference.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva : You mentioned a little bit of manufacturing challenges with the DMS segment. I assume that has to do with the COVID closures and things. Can you just update us as we sit here now around December 15? Have those kind of been back to normalized? Are there still inefficiencies going on? Or any changes in how we should think about those efficiencies and inefficiencies?
Mark Mondello : Hey, Jim. I think for the quarter, so if we backward look to September, October, November with the kind of zero COVID policy, everything that was in the media around China and then kind of our exposure to that and our experience with that, in very round numbers, I would say that the kind of overall China COVID activities probably impacted Q1 by about $10 million, give or take. As you've seen recently, and maybe you're referring to this with some recent changes around the zero COVID policy, we'll continue to manage that in much the same way, being very careful, practical, thoughtful in terms of managing China coming out of a zero COVID policy. We've been doing that around the world since January of 2020. I think our protocols around the world and in China are kind of best-in-class. And I think protocols and processes aside, Jim, I give a huge amount of credit to our leadership team and our supervisors on the ground in China. We have a fabulous relationship with our people and our employees, and that in and of itself makes a huge difference. So anyway, that's our intent.
Jim Suva : And then as a follow-up on a different topic, you mentioned some more consigning. That was kind of the same customer? Or is it expanding more or the relationship getting deeper? Or is it kind of getting broader for the consignment? I'm just kind of curious, it seems like to me, I should think about the consignment as a good thing for like more sticky business and sticky relationships.
Mark Mondello : Yes. I'm not going to get into customer-specific. I think when it comes to parts of our cloud business, Jim, we've been very, very consistent. And I don't know the first time we came out on a call and started talking about our entry into the cloud business based on our right to play and the solutions that our team wanted to bring forward. But what we talked about maybe back in 2018 and through 2019 and even through 2020 and COVID and on and on and on, we've been extremely consistent with the fact that our value proposition in that area of our business is very geocentric and very asset-light. And said differently, we do a very good job of aligning variable costs with the puts and takes of the revenue. This is nothing more than that continuing. And the team has done an absolutely fantastic job of growing that business. I think on one of the slides again that we showed, you can see our cloud business or let's just say, cloud and 5G is now $6 billion, give or take. So I think that's a proxy for how successful they've been. And again, we'll continue, and our intent is to continue to run that an asset-light way.
Mike Dastoor: And Jim, if I could just add, I think when we gave guidance in September, our assumption was that the consignment would start sometime in March. We actually managed to get it done far earlier in November. So you're seeing an earlier impact of this consignment piece showing up in our -- a little bit in Q1 but mainly in Q2.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse.
Shannon Cross : I wanted to understand a little bit more about the decision to reduce costs. I understand there's continued productivity improvements that you can do. But I'm wondering sort of what you saw out there that led you to do this? And how much of it is proactive versus changes you've already seen in customer behavior? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello : I think it's a natural decision. We -- the world is, I don't know if I use the word difficult, but let's just, for lack of a better word, things are a bit choppy right now, a little bit difficult. And whether it's running our business in each sector of our business, in a different way based on what customers need, whether it's our execution, whether it's overall cost management, I think when we sat here in August, September, and we're taking a hard look at the year. Our belief is that we should be maybe a bit more cautious to the back half of the year as we sit today.  So Mike and I got together with our leadership team, and I'm really pleased with the outcome. And by the way, this was a hard press by the overall team. We're just being proactive in terms of largely in terms of overhead costs and maybe costs that sit on top of the factories. I think that Mike said in his prepared remarks. And I think one thing I think it's worth differentiating, being proactive in the methods in the way we're being proactive in terms of cost management is, to me, way different than say writing off or writing down assets. It's really about taking a look at the business, being aggressive and proactive and then being sure that shareholders get a very fair return on that in short order. And I think Mike in his prepared remarks somewhere said on our cost management and the charge we took in the quarter, investors will get about a dime back at the back half of this year. But more importantly is, is I think the payback for '24 and into perpetuity will be $0.20, $0.25. So I think it's good use of our effort and nice returns for shareholders.
Mike Dastoor: And Shannon, our business assumptions continue to be extremely robust. I think I highlighted some of the secular trends that we're actually participating in. All of those continue to show very decent growth. 
Shannon Cross : And then just one other question. How -- when you talk to your customers, how are they thinking about geographic distribution of manufacturing these days? Given the challenges in China, I know it's starting to open up again, but obviously, it comes and goes, I'm wondering how much of a discussion customers are having about Eastern Europe and India. And obviously, you're pretty well positioned to help them as they move production around. Thank you and happy holidays to all of you as well.
Mark Mondello : Thank you. Happy holidays to you too. I don't know that there's a general theme. I think we have 400-plus customers, and I think our customers' thoughts are all over the map, and they're doing the best for their business based on their products. Everything -- and this will give you a little bit of a feel for the complexity of it. And by the way, it's why our structure is so efficient and so optimal in terms of customer solutions.  Here at Jabil, we don't run our business on a factory basis. We run it customer by customer, line item by line item. And the reason we do that is let's just take a product that, let's say, the unit cost is x, but the ability to move that product around the world in terms of distributing the product is very expensive. Well, that would suggest maybe we build it in-region. We have other products that cost y and moving that product around the world is very small relative to the cost of the product, and we might consolidate that to a single spot in the world. Then you add to it, all the different geopolitical issues, the very unfortunate issue that continues to wane on in the Ukraine. So it's hard for me to go, geez, this is kind of the herd mentality of our customers because the business just doesn't act that way. Also, I would suggest that when you look at our portfolio, and you look at the eight sectors that we define and then you think about all the subsectors of the business, Again, one of the things I think is a huge strength at Jabil is the diversification. And with that diversification becomes endless amounts of solutions. And again, I take you back to our approach and our structure. We kind of work with each customer in a very unique way, accommodating their needs. With that being said, I would say that you'll probably see us do some expansion in Eastern Europe. You'll probably see us continue to expand in Mexico. I think we feel pretty good about our footprint in China. And you'll probably see some expansion over the next couple of years in India.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin : I have a question, Mark, regarding your updated revenue guidance for FY '23. You're raising the outlook for auto and healthcare. Is that related to just better supply conditions or demand related? Why taking that number up -- taking those numbers up?
Mark Mondello: We're taking them up because we can. I mean, as we sit here today, one could look at it and go, why would you guys take the numbers up, if you're somewhat cautious about the back half of the year or gosh knows what's going to happen in '23 based on what the U.S. Fed is doing in the markets, et cetera, et cetera. But I think we use very good judgment. Again, a real good charm about Jabil is we break our business up into really, really, really small pieces. And it gives us really good acuity, high resolution of all elements of our business. So in a more general sense, I think the -- again, referring back to one of the slides that one of us spoke to is we're -- as we sit today, we're going to -- we think we'll see double-digit growth in the areas of auto and transportation largely driven by EVs. Healthcare, I think we showed on the slide would be maybe north of 10%, and then same with our industrial semi cap business largely being led on the industrial side. And the growth in all three of those areas, A, supply chain is getting better and getting better faster. One caveat there is, is legacy semiconductors in the EV space are still tight. But supply chain is getting markedly better. Our ability to gather parts relative to others is very strong. And then in certain aspects of those, based on certain trends, demand is holding reasonably well.
Matt Sheerin : And then a question, Mike, regarding the incremental consignment revenue that you talked about. So total $800 million in revenue going to consignment for your cloud customer. Does that move the needle on gross margin at all? Is there any change in terms of the operating margin or operating income on that business?
Mike Dastoor: So yes, it does move the needle a little bit on margin, but there's been some offsets. I think Adam highlighted some inefficiencies that we had on the mobility side in China, particularly in Q1. We've made some assumptions around further COVID, et cetera, as well in parts of the world, and that does have a little bit of an impact on margin. But you're right, on the consigned side, it has a small margin improvement impact. And that's one of the reasons we pursue this with -- along with the customer.
Mark Mondello : If I could add to that, here's a real simple way to think about it in very round numbers. Two years ago, the overall op margin for the company was 4.2%. Last year, it was 4.6%. This year, at the beginning of the year, we suggested that the op margin for the year will be 4.8%. We're holding to that 4.8%, which we're proud of. So there's a 20 bps expansion between '22 and '23. About half of that is based on our cost management for the back half of the year as well as continuing to advance our asset-light nature of our cloud business and the other half of that is the lack of a better word, the core business. But what's interesting is, I don't even like differentiating that because for me, all of this activity goes hand in hand with running a good business. So -- but in terms of your modeling and the way to think about it, I think that's a reasonable way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America.
Ruplu Bhattacharya : My first question is on the DMS segment. Mark, you're seeing strong growth in automotive and healthcare, and you've taken up those two segments combined by $600 million for the full year. Like you said, the consumer-facing end markets in that segment are weaker, and you're taking that down by 200 basis points. Net when I look at operating margin, it's down 10 bps. So my question to you is if the consumer-facing end markets get weaker, can you talk us through your thoughts on margin risk in DMS? I mean, how -- do you think margins can go lower in that segment? Or what offsets do you have -- and typically, the reason I'm asking this is because typically one would think automotive and healthcare to be higher-margin end markets. So if you're seeing a mix shift into that, what's driving the 10 basis points lower? And how do you see risk to that if the consumer-facing markets go lower?
Mark Mondello : Ruplu, that's a little bit of an open-ended question because I don't know if you mean it this way, but I'll answer it how I understand it, which is if the bottom falls out of all consumer-facing products, could the overall DMS margins go down further? Maybe. As we sit today, I think we've done a reasonably good job of for what we know, handicapping the back half of the year. And you -- the way you stated it is largely correct. We've really kind of haircut and handicap any consumer-facing products. And again, the reciprocal of that is we feel good about industrial, automotive and healthcare. If you -- as you're putting your model together for the year, we just reported first quarter -- we just gave you a hard guide on 2Q. As I think about Q3 and Q4, our DMS margins, as you start putting numbers together and do your after calls and whatnot, I think what you'll find is doing the math is to have our DMS business end up being at 5% or 5.1% margin. Whatever it ends up being, Q4 is going to end up being a pretty strong quarter. And I think that's reflective of exactly what you said, which is some of the higher margins in auto and healthcare. I would also -- why we're on the topic of the year is, let's not be -- let's be sure it's not lost on us, the hard work and the complementary work that our EMS team is doing in terms of their business and margins for the year as well. When we went into 1Q, on the EMS side, we thought margins would be in the 4%, 4.1% range, that came in 4.3%. If you take a look at our guide and do your math on that, you'll see the strong margins returns in 2Q. And then if you think about the year on the EMS side, last year, I don't remember the exact number, but EMS was 4.2%, 4.3%. Beginning of the year, we thought EMS would be -- for the year, EMS would be around 4.4%, 4.5%. And I think EMS is going to come in closer to 4.6%, 4.7%. So again, let's step back and just have an appreciation for the fact that the business is kind of an entire portfolio. And I say that respectfully I understand your question was around DMS. I hope that helps.
Ruplu Bhattacharya : For my second question, if I can ask, Mike, 4.8% operating margin total for the company. Can you help us quantify the inflation pass-through impact on that? I'm assuming like other EMS companies as component costs have gone up, you're passing that through. I'm not sure if it's a dollar for dollar, but if it is, then your revenue should be hurting -- but sorry, your margin should be hurting because of that. And so what would that 4.8% have been if there was no inflation pass-through? And when we think about modeling margins, if we look back, the Slide 13 that you have, you've kind of shown us the last five years and how the margins have progressed since fiscal '19, very strong performance. But I mean, as we model out going forward, what are the puts and takes here? Like I mean you're going to get a benefit as inflation goes down. That should help margins. But what are the other things that can drive margins? And any guidance you can give to -- how do you think about what the target margins can be in the long term?
Mark Mondello : Ruplu, I'll intercept that one for a minute. Wow, that was a lot. Let me bring you back to what I think was the first part of the question, which is, yes, you're correct. In the first quarter, at an enterprise level, margins were 4.8%. I kind of think you answered your own question, which is 1Q of last year, margins were 4.7%. We thought that the first quarter would come in back in August, September, we were guiding and anticipating the margins for Q1 would be 4.8%. They came in right on top of the 4.8%. Again, I'll bring you back to DMS margins were down about 20 basis points. EMS margins were up 20 basis points, again, indication of the size, scale, but again, the wonderful diversification we have.  If we didn't have good understandings with our customers in terms of equitable sharing when variable costs go up and down, we wouldn't have delivered the 4.8%. So I don't say that to drive a concern. I say that much in an opposite way, which is the way we have our business set up, the way we have our customer relationship set up are very satisfactory to our leadership team. In terms of what else could have impacts on the overall margins for the year, it could be anything. On the downside, it could be that -- the macro gets worse on the -- so what do I worry about? Yes, the macro could collapse is that in the other, but then that instability will be there for everybody. What I don't worry about is, I don't worry about our team's ability to execute. I don't worry about our team in and of itself. I love the portfolio that we have. I don't worry about the size of the market. I don't worry about our ability to continue to gain share. And maybe you wrap all that up I think our team, both at a factory level and above factory does a really, really nice job of controlling what we can control.
Ruplu Bhattacharya : Got it. I mean I really appreciate all those details. And wondering, maybe now if I can sneak one more quick one in. I know you've announced Kenny Wilson to be the new CEO effective May 1, and you're going to take on more of a strategy, corporate development role. So can you just talk about from now until then, what are some of the handover activities you're going to do? And should we think of any change in direction to the company? Or how should we think about this transition? Congrats again on the quarter.
Mark Mondello : Well, that's an interesting question. I've been at this a long time, and I'd make this comment not directly around my relationship with Kenny. Whether my relationships with Kenny or Borges or Dastoor or McCoy or JJ or all the folks that you've met, we have a significantly tight-knit group. We've all been at this a long time. Sometimes that becomes problematic because it feels sometimes like we've complete each other's sentences. So we've got to continue to challenge ourselves so we don't have a group think. But Kenny has been with us a long time, so has the balance of the team. I don't envision any of this being revolutionary. I think it will be evolutionary. We also added some other new leadership to the team recently with LaShawne and Kristine in legal. So I think we'll carry on. With that being said, as I continue to move more and more throughout the year into an active Chairman role, and you're right, I'll have my hands firmly involved with investors and our foundation and strategy and other stuff, I hope the team takes my 10 or 11 years and is disruptive in a positive sense. I think one of the things that this team has done over and over and over and over, and time and time again over 30 years is I think we're proactive. I think we change when we need to change. We don't change for the sake of changing. And I'd say, Kenny and some of the expanded leadership team is probably, in some sense, a little bit more edgy than I can be. And I think that's a good thing. So I think there'll be I think there'll be some good changes. You can think of them as evolutionary, not revolutionary changes because the foundation we've built for this business has never been stronger. And I'm really, really, really looking forward to the next two, three, four years to see how things shake out.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Paul Chung with JPMorgan.
Paul Chung : So just on cash flow, you've typically seen more cash investments in 1Q, but you actually squeezed out some free cash flow this quarter. So is this more about timing or maybe less need for working capital investments kind of given elevated build last year? And any comments there in the kind of the shape of free cash flow for the year? And then also on guidance, it remains unchanged. So how are you kind of offsetting the increase in interest expense and kind of cash outlays on optimization? Or was that kind of included in your projections last quarter?
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So the free cash flow assumptions that we have today that reflect everything reflect they reflect the sort of charge that we've taken, the cash outlay associated with that. Don't forget that the savings on the other side of that as well. So there is definitely everything that's out there is reflected in the free cash flow. From a Q1 standpoint, I think it's more timing. We've talked about our CapEx being in that 2.5% range. Not much changes from that 2.5% guidance that we provided in September. You'll always have timing differences. You'll have nuances. From a shape of the year perspective, I sort of -- I’d just use shapes from previous years. I think it will be very similar to that. Obviously, timing moves things here and there a little bit. But overall, we still feel committed to our $900 million free cash flow number for the year as well.
Paul Chung : Got you. And then just a follow-up on op margins, seem very kind of good progression here over the last two years, some nice benefits from cloud consignment. But can you expand on the drivers to get to that 5% mark and kind of the pace beyond fiscal year '23? You're doing some cost optimization here, but will it be more a function of mix kind of efficiencies or even scale as you guys are approaching $10 billion in quarterly revenue run rate now.
Mike Dastoor: I would suggest all of you about, Paul, I think it's definitely a mix, operational efficiency, something we always execute on. We've always invested in the past around automation, robotics, et cetera. So we feel good about that as well. And overall, the margin, does it go beyond 5%, 5.5% as well. We're not stopping at 4.8%, and we're definitely not stopping it at 5% either. So it's something we're actively engaged in and feel very strongly about. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt : I have a big picture macro question on sort of demand. And you talked about your demand characteristics being relatively consistent with 90 days ago. But I'm trying to square it with your commentary being a little bit more cautious as we move through the back half of this year. I guess my question is when you think about what's happening in the marketplace, we're seeing some intensity drop from a capital spend in telcos and cloud. How much of your demand visibility or your revenue visibility has to do with elevated backlogs because supply chain has been sort of elevated for quite some time versus the in-period demand that you're seeing today from your customers? And then I have another question.
Mark Mondello : David, well first off, welcome to the group. I think you just started coverage on us, and we look forward to spending more time with you so you can better understand the business. In terms of your questions, there's pent-up demand, but I would caveat answering your question similar to a prior question, which is I don't want to make a blanket statement because, as an example, let's take networking or, say, legacy telco. That part of our business today is about $3 billion on a $35 billion base. So in terms of what type of backlog we see from the telco folks or the networking folks, I guess it's relevant. But in terms of our overall corporate results, I'm not sure how impactful that might be. I think a 100% we have seen pent-up demand and backlog across almost every single area of our business where supply chain constraints existed. If I could paint it with a broad brush and take this with a degree of inaccuracy, I guess, because I'm trying to paint it with a broad brush across a large-scale portfolio, I think that most of the pent-up demand and the backlog, in general, will probably be alleviated by late 1Q of '23 or into the second quarter of '23, to say the first half of '23. So I think most of the pockets of backlog clear and normalized as we get back -- as we get to the back half of calendar '23. Again, I don't know if that's helpful or not, but that's kind of a general statement as we look across the business.
David Vogt : No, that's helpful. What we're trying to kind of understand is sort of the normal cadence of sort of order trajectory of the business, stripping aside what we've kind of lived through the last couple of years. So that's helpful. We appreciate it. And then maybe just a final question on cash flow and capital priorities. You've done a great job in terms of returning shareholder capital and managing cash flow over the last couple of years. Does your commentary about the second half or maybe some of the cash used for the restructuring change any of your priorities in the balance of this year. I wouldn't think so, but just wanted to just confirm with you.
Mike Dastoor: No, there's no change to our capital allocation. We've talked about in September, we have another $1.1 billion left of our authorization. We continue to use it. We use quite a bit of that in Q1, and we'll be doing in the range of 150, 200-plus type of buybacks every quarter. So nothing that happens in the second half for -- also that, that actually be an opportunity to do some more in fact, if things start going south.
Mark Mondello : We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. With that, this does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day, and happy holidays.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-09-27 08:30:00) =====
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil’s Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call and Fifth Annual Investor Briefing. My name is Adam Berry. I am Head of Investor Relations at Jabil. And I represent a team here that’s pretty excited to share our 2022 results with you today while also providing additional detail around our focus and outlook as typical for our September call. In terms of agenda over the next 60 minutes or so, we aim to accomplish the following: discuss the trends underway within the end markets we serve, review our fourth quarter and fiscal year ‘22 results, provide first quarter guidance, offer our fiscal ‘23 outlook that includes enterprise level growth while also remaining sensible and grounded given the realities of the dynamic global macro environment surrounding us today. And finally, we will refresh our capital allocation and shareholder return policies. And most importantly, as our session unfolds, I hope that we are able to provide you with further perspective on Jabil, which I believe is uniquely positioned to grow and win in environment where supply chain and global manufacturing capabilities have never been so important. Joining me on today’s call is Mike Dastoor, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Mondello, our Chairman and CEO, who together account for over 50 years of Jabil experience. And importantly, when you think about their respective tenures, you can’t help but also think about how they have guided Jabil through periods of economic expansion and times where macro conditions were a bit more challenged, a tenure that gives me great confidence as we move into fiscal ‘23. So with that, there is just one more housekeeping item before we begin. Please note the following. During today’s presentation, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected first quarter and fiscal year net revenue, earnings and cash flow. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. As you can see on Slide 4, Jabil has vastly improved since we began these investor briefing sessions in 2018. Today, Jabil is a $33.5 billion enterprise with over 50 million square feet of manufacturing space across 100-plus sites. Our cash flow generation is strong, allowing us to invest in key end market growth, while also returning considerable cash to shareholders, which in fiscal ‘22 was $744 million. And our roughly 260,000 people move with purpose and agility to meet customer needs within a wide-ranging composition of the end markets you see here. Moving to our next slide, you can’t help but notice the global nature of our manufacturing footprint, which enables us to manufacture on a local level for a global set of customers. No matter whether its mobility products in Asia, healthcare products in North America or 5G infrastructure in Europe, we work with our customers to design and develop the most impactful manufacturing solutions irrespective of region with a focus on speed and urgency and a crisp sense of consistency from plant to plant. This is critical, because in today’s geopolitical climate, the ability to adjust and move with urgency has never been more important as we help customers react to changes in tariffs, the rise of pandemics and natural disasters, energy shortages, conflict and many other unforeseen events. The Jabil of 2022 is also diversified and robust, thereby allowing us to meet challenges head on in one part of the business, while outperforming in others. So just exactly how did we get here? Well, I am here to tell you, it was very purposeful. In the 2016 timeframe, our management team concluded that our model was missing an important characteristic if we were going to deliver upon our financial priorities consistently and sustainably. This important characteristic was diversification. So beginning in roughly 2017, we embarked on a journey to grow and diversify our business in areas such as 5G, cloud, healthcare, packaging, connected devices, semi capital equipment and electric vehicles. Our intentional and deliberate focus on these emerging end markets, combined with our already robust traditional businesses in print and retail, networking and storage and mobility, resulted in considerable enterprise level growth over the past 4 to 5 years as you can see here. And as a result, today, no product or product family represents more than 5% of our business, creating an added level of comfort as demand fluctuates up and down, global tastes change and technology constantly evolves. Given our intentional focus on diversification, over the next couple of minutes, I’d like to take a moment and review some of the end markets that have fueled our growth leading to the portfolio mix you see today. In automotive, we are supporting a rapid shift in technology to electric vehicles as evidenced by our 121% revenue growth since fiscal ‘18. The growth has been driven by our best-in-class portfolio of customers in an addressable market that is growing by the day. In EV, our manufacturing processes support the industrialization and production of complex technology for electric vehicles, including battery management systems, inverters, converters, cables, off-board and onboard charging. And importantly, all of this increased complexity translates to increased content per vehicle for Jabil. Since fiscal ‘18, our 5G wireless and cloud business has nearly tripled in spite of the asset-light nature of the cloud model as our Design-to-Dust value proposition resonates with existing and new customers. From secure supply chain design and manufacturing to rack integration and ultimately recycling, Jabil is winning in an expanding market. In healthcare, our business has doubled since fiscal ‘18 as the industry is experiencing tremendous change due to rising costs, aging populations and the demand for better healthcare in emerging markets. To address these trends, doctors, hospitals and patients are adopting new and more innovative ways to deliver better, more personalized treatment. Consequently, healthcare OEMs are partnering with Jabil to navigate these changes. Today, we support customers in the development of solutions across medical devices, diagnostics, pharmaceutical delivery and orthopedics. From rapid prototyping using additive manufacturing to high volume production, tooling, injection molding, robotics and rigorous test procedures for regulatory compliance, Jabil healthcare offers an unmatched suite of capabilities, all of which uniquely positions us to offer technology-enabled solution to our customers. In industrial and semi cap, our business has grown 43% since fiscal ‘18 driven mainly by the increasing need for green energy and with incredibly strong global demand for semiconductors. Within our industrial business, alternative energy generation and consumption are driving increased need for power conversion, power optimization, line balancing and storage at the endpoints of generation and consumption, including accelerated adoption of EVs as well as on the grid. Jabil has been investing in this space with reference designs and scaled manufacturing partnerships globally. On the semi cap side of our business, semiconductor equipment has become increasingly complex and precise, driving new generations of equipment at large scale. And when you take a step back, you will again notice an incredibly well diverse set of business sectors in support of some of the largest, most innovative and successful brands in the world today. In each of these end markets, we are incredibly focused on delivering consistent and reliable value from early in the product lifecycle like product innovation and design to more mature products where we offer planning, automation, supply chain management and of course, manufacturing. At the end of the day, we build stuff here at Jabil and we do it really, really well. In summary, so far today, I have discussed the benefits of our global footprint, our focused and intentional growth in key end markets and the high level of consistency brought forth through diversification. Before turning the call over to Mike, I’ll try to tie this together through the use of real-life examples within the business to demonstrate the importance of diversification while also walking through our Q4 results. For the quarter, revenue was approximately $9 billion, ahead of our forecast, driven by much better than expected revenue in 5G wireless and cloud and networking and storage as our ability to secure critical parts on higher end demand created meaningful revenue upside during the quarter. At the same time, healthcare and packaging, connected devices, mobility, digital print and retail and industrial and semi cap all performed really well and consistent to our expectations. All of this growth was slightly offset by component shortages in automotive where supply chain challenges remain the most pronounced. Altogether, at the enterprise level, revenue grew by 22% year-over-year and 8% sequentially, reflecting continued strong demand. In Q4, our GAAP operating income was $409 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.25. Core operating income during the quarter was $447 million, an increase of 42% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 5%, up 80 basis points over the prior year driven by the aforementioned strength in certain end markets, slightly offset by unanticipated costs associated with the power shortages in Chengdu during the month of August. Net interest expense in the quarter came in higher than expectations at $53 million primarily associated with rising interest rates, while our tax rate came in better than expected by approximately 70 basis points, resulting in core diluted earnings per share of $2.34, a 63% improvement over the prior year quarter and at the higher end of our range. Revenue for the DMS segment was $4.4 billion, an increase of 13% on a year-over-year basis, while core operating margin for the segment came in at 5.1%, slightly lower due to the temporary power shutdowns in China. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $4.6 billion, an increase of 32% on a year-over-year basis and well ahead of our plan from June. Core margin for the segment was 4.8%, up 50 basis points year-over-year, reflecting good operating leverage on strong growth. I believe the fourth quarter is the perfect illustration of our global network of factories adjusting, adapting and ultimately delivering for our customers and shareholders alike. It feels as though the days of single end markets creating outsized issues for the company seem well off in the rearview mirror. And if you are buying Jabil today, it’s not for a single product, but rather a tenured leadership team, strong manufacturing capabilities and the general assumption that technology is converging with our day-to-day lives. Thanks for your time today. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Jabil. Our business model has been intentionally structured with the aim of delivering core operating margin expansion, sustainable earnings growth and strong predictable cash flows. On top of this, our capital structure has been optimized to maximize our flexibility. This flexibility has enabled us to reshape our end market portfolio over the last several years, which has performed extremely well evidenced by a very strong FY ‘22 results. I am extremely pleased with the resiliency of our business, particularly considering the numerous challenges throughout the year with ongoing COVID waves, war in the Ukraine, global inflation, supply chain challenges and multiple energy shortages. Despite these challenges, we delivered year-on-year growth in revenue of 14%, core operating income of 24%, and core EPS of 36%, all while increasing core operating margin by 40 basis points over FY ‘21. At a segment level for the year, our DMS revenue was $16.7 billion, an increase of 9% over the prior year, while core operating income for the segment was up 12% year-over-year. This resulted in core margin expanding 10 basis points to 4.9%. In EMS for the year, core operating income growth was incredibly strong, up 43% over the prior year. This resulted in core margin expanding an impressive 60 basis points over ‘21 on revenue of $16.7 billion. The strength in our EMS margins is reflective of our improving mix and strong leverage on 20% year-over-year revenue growth. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. In FY ‘22, fourth quarter cash flow from operations was $1.65 billion. For the quarter, inventory days came in at 79, down 6 days sequentially on improved working capital management by the team. It’s worth noting that we offset a portion of our higher inventory levels with inventory deposits from our customers, which reside within the accrued expenses line item on the balance sheet. Net of inventory deposits, inventory days was 62 in Q4, down 8 days from Q3. While I am pleased with the sequential decline in inventory days, the team continues to be fully focused on bringing this metric down further in FY ‘23 as some of the supply chain constraints continue to ease. Net capital expenditures for the fiscal year were $841 million or 2.5% of net revenue. As a result of the strong Q4 cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for fiscal year came in higher than expected at approximately $810 million. And finally, we exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.2x and cash balances of $1.5 billion. Next, I would like to provide some clarity on our CapEx as shown in our cash flow statement. As a reminder, our customers routinely co-invest in plant, property and equipment with us as part of our ongoing business model. We often pay for these co-investments upfront, which are then later reimbursed to us by customers. Due to the high dollar value, these co-investments from our customers and how they are reflected on our cash flow statement, it is important that the two line items shown on the slide to reflect the true CapEx number and what we refer to as net capital expenditures. Our net capital expenditures for the fiscal year amounted to $841 million. Moving now to our capital returns to shareholders on the next slide. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3.8 million shares, bringing total shares repurchased in FY ‘22 to 11.8 million shares or $696 million. To-date, we have utilized $737 million of our $1 billion authorization granted in July of last year. This brings our cumulative shares repurchased since FY ‘13 to approximately 102 million shares at an average price of $30, bringing our total returns to shareholders, including repurchases and dividends to approximately $3.6 billion, reflective of our ongoing commitment to return capital to shareholders. In summary, I am extremely pleased with the resiliency of our portfolio and the sustainable momentum underway across the business, which has allowed us to deliver exceptionally strong results in fiscal ‘22. Moving to the next slide, where I will offer some insight about how we are thinking about the business this year by end market. Across most of our end markets, demand has been extremely resilient, particularly in end markets that continue to benefit from strong secular tailwinds, many of which Adam highlighted a moment ago. We continue to expect these secular markets to expand in FY ‘23. We also expect some consumer-centric end markets to underperform compared to the robust growth for the past 18 months. Unlike in past economic slowdowns where Jabil was highly concentrated in a particular product or end market, today, it is critical to think of Jabil not as one company, but as a well-diversified accumulation of many end markets, a number of which we expect will continue to benefit from long-term secular tailwinds. This product and end market diversification, coupled with our global network of connected factories, global best-in-class supply chain management and deep domain expertise, makes Jabil today markedly more resilient than we were 5 to 10 years ago as evidenced by our strong results in the last few years in the face of multiple significant global challenges. Our FY ‘23 guidance assumes a moderate economic slowdown and some moderation in growth, which will impact certain end markets more than others. I would now like to walk you through each end market and describe how we are thinking about our business in the coming year. In our automotive and transportation end market, we expect the global transition to EVs to continue to drive robust growth within our automotive business despite choppy overall demand in global automotive purchases. Our view is that EV adoption will continue to accelerate and gain a larger share of the auto market in FY ‘23 regardless of the near-term global growth dynamics. Jabil’s content per vehicle, which can be as high as $3,000 or more for a fully electric vehicle, continues to increase, which provides further confidence in future growth. It’s also worth pointing out that project lifecycles in this end market run as high as 7 or more years, providing a high level of stability and stickiness. In healthcare today, the industries are undergoing tremendous change due to rising costs, aging populations and the demand for better healthcare in emerging markets. OEMs are seeking to address these dynamics by shifting the focus away from manufacturing to improving patient outcomes. Jabil’s credibility in the healthcare space has positioned us well to take advantage of this outsourcing of manufacturing trend. Should we enter an economic slowdown, it is our view that OEMs would in fact look to accelerate this outsourcing trend. A recession-resistant end market with long product lifecycles and accretive margins and stable cash flows is why healthcare continues to be such an important component of our diversified portfolio. Within connected devices, which I remind you is made up of a number of different customers, demand generally remains resilient. But given the consumer-centric nature of this end market, as we move from the pandemic fueled consumer spending to a more normalized environment, we feel it’s appropriate to take a conservative outlook and expect some moderation in growth. And in mobility, demand signals continue to be strong as we navigate through our Q1 quarter. This quarter, which has historically been associated with channel fill during the seasonal product launch, is our highest revenue quarter. It’s worth noting we have a long track record of operating successfully in this end market, which is being uniquely positioned within the portfolio as we partner with the most innovative brand and market leader in the space to supply key capabilities that are critical and hard to replicate. In summary, for DMS to me, the key takeaway this year is the considerable mix shift underway. In FY ‘23, automotive and transportation and healthcare and packaging are expected to be more than half of our DMS business with estimated revenue growth of approximately $1.2 billion combined in FY ‘23. Putting it altogether for DMS in FY ‘23, we are expecting 20 basis points of margin expansion on a low to mid single-digit revenue growth. Turning now to EMS, in digital print and retail, we expect some moderation in consumer print as people return to office to slightly offset growth in industrial print and e-commerce and warehouse automation systems. Within retail, both in customer-facing stores and in the warehouse, technology is shifting rapidly. As a result, we are building and ramping some of the most complex e-commerce and warehouse automation systems in the industry, which gives us confidence in our FY ‘23 outlook. Within our industrial business, we expect clean and smart energy infrastructure to drive growth for FY ‘23. There are a few major trends which drive growth in this space, but the overarching one is the green energy revolution. Government legislation such as the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act in the U.S. with the sizable subsidies and incentives is already beginning to increase investment in the space. As a reminder, we play across the entire energy value chain from energy generation in solar panels, power conversion, transmission, storage and metering to the management of power inside of homes and buildings. These projects have multiyear investment timelines independent of underlying short-term economic growth forecast, so we feel comfortable with the visibility we have in this space. Within semi cap, so far customers continue to march ahead with CapEx investments executing to their investment roadmaps with the recently introduced CHIPS Act providing an additional catalyst in this space. I remind you our strategy in this end market has been very thoughtful due to the high cyclicality of the semi cap market. And we have been very conservative around how we have invested in this business and our forecast for FY ‘23. On the 5G side, infrastructure rollouts are going extremely well and demand remains high in the U.S. and Europe. Rollouts are accelerating and our localized manufacturing capabilities are leading to market share gains in other geos such as India. We expect these rollouts to play out over the next several years regardless of near-term economic conditions. Therefore, we anticipate the 5G end market to continue to be resilient even in the face of moderate global slowdown. And in the cloud space, our expectation is that the ongoing shift away from on-prem will continue to accelerate, driving long-term growth in the space. If economic conditions weaken, our views of the cloud space should be a beneficiary as companies look to reduce costs in a moderating growth environment. It’s worth reminding everyone we have deliberately structured our cloud business as a geo-centric, asset-light service offering with very low levels of CapEx and working capital. To ensure this business remains asset-light, we routinely look for mutually beneficial arrangements with our customers to optimize our asset-light model. With this in mind, in FY ‘23, approximately $500 million in components we procure and integrate will shift from the current purchase and resale model to a customer control consignment service model. This is in addition to the consignment of certain components we had announced in earlier years. This change will allow us to use our assets more efficiently in addition to improving margins. Adjusting for this shift, we expect continued robust unit growth in the cloud space in FY ‘23. And then finally, within legacy networking and storage end markets, the value proposition that Jabil provides, the best-in-class supply chain management, deep domain expertise and engineering capabilities and manufacturing in multiple geos, is resonating with our customers. And we expect market share already gained in the second half of FY ‘22 to drive growth in FY ‘23 with higher margins and robust cash flows. With the current mix of business in EMS, we expect 20 basis points of core margin expansion in fiscal ‘23 on low single-digit revenue growth. In summary, Jabil is not only well-diversified, but also markedly more resilient due to our multiyear proactive efforts to diversify our business and align to tomorrow’s trends. As a result, we feel the outlook for our business is solid and expect demand to be resilient with year-over-year revenue growth at an enterprise level to be approximately 3% for FY ‘23 in spite of an economic slowdown. Moving to the next slide. For FY ‘23, we expect core operating margins to improve by a conservative 20 basis points over the prior year mainly driven by end market growth and improved mix of business. We also expect the investments we have made in areas such as IT, automation and factory digitization will drive improved optimization across our footprint, which will translate to higher margins in the future. Turning now to our CapEx guidance for FY ‘23, net capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $875 million or 2.5% of net revenue. This will come through a combination of both maintenance and strategic investments for future growth and efficiency gains. In FY ‘23, we expect to continue to invest in targeted areas of our business with the bulk of our strategic growth CapEx aimed at the automotive EV space, along with the healthcare, 5G wireless, power generation and industrial end markets, generating multiyear returns in FY ‘23 and beyond. Our improved profitability, strong operational performance and disciplined investment has yielded significant cash flow over the last few years, which has allowed the company to strategically invest in higher return areas of our business. Moving forward, we expect to continue generating strong cash flows. This is possible as a result of earnings expansion, along with our team’s disciplined approach and ability to execute. In FY ‘23, we expect to generate adjusted free cash flow of more than $900 million. It is important to note that this estimate is based on our current expectations of a moderation in growth and continuing supply chain constraints in certain secular end markets. Paradoxically, a more severe recession is likely to improve cash flows due to the working capital nature of our business. Moving to the next slide. A key aspect of delivering high returns and delivering long-term value to shareholders is ensuring our capital structure is appropriately balanced and optimized. Over the last year, the team has done an outstanding job of building a solid and flexible debt and liquidity profile with current maturities appropriately staggered at an attractive interest rate. We ended FY ‘22 with committed capacity on global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity, along with our year-end cash balance, Jabil ended the year with access to more than $5.3 billion of available liquidity, which we believe affords us ample flexibility. And importantly, we’re fully committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit profile. Turning now to our capital allocation framework, we expect to generate significant free cash flow. Given this dynamic, it’s an appropriate time to reiterate our capital allocation priorities and at a high level, how we plan to deploy our capital over the next 2 years. This morning, included in our earnings filing, we announced a $1 billion share repurchase program authorization from our Board of Directors with this incremental authorization we have approximately $1.3 billion in share repurchase authorization, reflecting our belief and confidence in Jabil’s ability to generate strong earnings and free cash flows. Turning now to our first quarter guidance on the next slide. EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 2% on a year-over-year basis to $4.8 billion. And EMS segment revenue is expected to be $4.5 billion, an increase of approximately 15% over the prior year. We expect total company revenue in the first quarter of fiscal ‘23 to be in the range of $9 billion to $9.6 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $415 million to $475 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $367 million to $427 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $2 to $2.40. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.65 to $2.05. Interest expense in the first quarter is estimated to be in the range of $56 million to $60 million and for FY ‘23 to be approximately $230 million. On fiscal ‘23, we will adopt an annual normalized tax rate for the computation for our core income tax provision to provide better consistency across reporting periods. As a result, the tax rate on core earnings in the first quarter and for the fiscal year is estimated to be 19%. As we transition to our final slide, we expect the momentum underway across our business to continue even in a subdued economic environment. Today, our business serves a diverse plan of end markets and areas that provide confidence in future earnings and cash flows. We have deep domain expertise complemented by investments we made in capabilities, all of which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver 4.8% in core margins in FY ‘23 along with $8.15 in core EPS and more than $900 million in free cash flow. And importantly, our balanced capital allocation framework approach is aligned and focused on driving long-term value creation to shareholders. I’d like to thank you for your time today, and thank you for your interest in Jabil. I’ll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Mike. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I’ll begin by saying thanks to our team here at Jabil. I applaud the terrific care you give our customers while also keeping our people safe. Your attitude is amazing, and your stamina is incredible. Again, thank you. Today marks our 5th annual investor session, a day where we share insights and lay out the groundwork for our business. Adam and Mike discussed our progress, which largely stems from the construct and pedigree of the company. I’ll expand on this and offer more thoughts, starting with our approach. At Jabil, each employee is critical to our success, and everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. As you know, we operate our business across a broad range of geographies with team members that don’t look the same, don’t talk the same, that have physical limitations and neurodiversities, team members that practice different religions and team members that have different sexual orientations. The diversity we have throughout the company simply makes us better, better as a team and better for our customers. Second element of our approach pertains to ESG and sustainability. At Jabil, we aim to always do what’s right. This includes doing right for our planet and doing right for our communities. Our focus when it comes to ESG is grounded by our actions. An example is our goal of a 50% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. Another example that we have underway is directed towards mental health, a topic that impacts all of us either directly or indirectly. Lastly, another action worth mentioning is our commitment to giving back. Our employees collectively are donating 1 million hours of their time during calendar 2022. Although it isn’t the 1 million hours per se, it’s the positive difference our Jabil team is making around the world. Their efforts are extraordinary and life-changing. Next, I’d like to talk about our solutions and how they are enabled by our structure, our investments and our customers. You see, our structure enables our collaboration, which allows us to act with precision and speed. Our investments enable our execution, which allows us to take the ordinary and apply the extraordinary. And our customers enable our obsession. It allows us to solve the complex. Moving to Slide 41. You’ll see a pie chart, which reflects our end markets, a portfolio which provides the foundation from which we run our business today, a foundation that offers a high degree of resiliency for the corporation, resiliency during times of macro and geopolitical disruptions and doing more typical times when we’re faced with the demands put forth by our customers. A real strength of our portfolio is the presence we have in essential end markets that include 5G, electric vehicles, personalized healthcare, cloud computing and clean energy, markets that we believe will stimulate continued growth in earnings, especially when combined with ongoing refinement and improvement of our more traditional businesses. Let’s now take a look at how our business has performed over the last 4 to 5 years. The eight sectors shown here exhibit the diversified nature of our revenue with each sector having a meaningful contribution to our overall financial results. What’s also captured on this slide are the end markets where we’ve seen good growth, growth that we think will continue on a relative basis as we benefit from secular trends. Please turn to Slide 43, where we will review our outlook. As Mike alluded to, for FY ‘23, we plan to deliver revenue of $34.5 billion with a core operating margin of 4.8%, a 20 basis point expansion when compared to FY ‘22. This translates to $8.15 in core earnings per share, a growth of 7% year-on-year. In addition, we believe our free cash flow for FY ‘23 will be in excess of $900 million. Next, if we take our FY ‘22 results and our FY ‘23 guidance, step back a bit and look at the past few years, the data would suggest that what we’re doing is working. And as I’ve said previously, being well-diversified in our business is a significant catalyst. But diversification for the sake of being diversified isn’t all that special. What is special is the composition of our diversification. And if we expand on the current composition of our business, we don’t anticipate any single product or any single product family to contribute more than 5% to 6% to our overall earnings in FY ‘23. And that’s a good thing. Moving on from our financials, I’d like to talk a bit about our purpose. At Jabil, we have a purpose that serves as our ultimate guidepost. And this guidepost places an emphasis on caring, perspective, proper intentions and truthfulness. These characteristics drive our behaviors in all we do. I’m proud of our team as they embrace our purpose and with their firm embrace comes exceptional conduct. If we could now move to Slide 46 where we can go over our path forward. As we think about fiscal ‘23, we will certainly measure our success based on financial performance. But we will also grade ourselves on keeping our people safe, exceptional customer care and how we interact with our suppliers, suppliers who stood by us and supported us during these most recent difficult times. By the way, thanks to everyone listening today who partners with Jabil on the supply side of our business, we are grateful. As our path forward, it’s clear that our journey is based on our unique combination of approach, structure and experience, our confidence in our ability to execute combined with our engineering expertise, our financial outlook which was formed with rational assumptions and our continued commitment to returning capital to shareholders. In closing, we believe Jabil is making the world just a little bit better, a little bit healthier and a little bit safer. To our entire Jabil team, thank you for making Jabil, Jabil. And in doing what you do each day, I want all of you to be your true self without fear or recourse. I’m honored to serve such a reliable team. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mark. There is clearly a lot to like about Jabil today. To summarize, we began by describing how Jabil has undergone deep and sustainable improvements to its business model. And we highlighted the solid foundation upon which the company sits today. Then Mike walked you through our financial playbook, highlighted by the strength of our portfolio, fueled by long-term secular tailwinds. And importantly, Mike talked about our financial outlook against a challenged macroeconomic background. To reiterate, today, demand still remains strong and well ahead of supply. But as Mike noted, conservatism has been baked into today’s model, which anticipates good revenue growth, expanding margins and strong cash flows. And finally, to wrap up our session today, Mark offered insight into our unique approach, solutions, portfolio and purpose. I want to thank you for your time today, and we appreciate your interest in Jabil. Operator, we’re now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citi. Your line is now live.
Jim Suva: Thank you and congratulations on the results and very strong outlook for both the quarter and the year. Our thoughts and of course, go out to you and your loved ones and families as the weather looks like it’s getting quite negative there with the hurricane. In lieu of that just wanted to know your outlook for the first quarter and full year. Does it build in a little bit for hurricane? I know it’s hard to predict, and I’m sure you’ve got a playbook for closing up factories and making sure, importantly, employees are safe and communicating with customers. But I assume that there is something built in there. Is that true? And I assume you’re probably going through procedures for the negative weather situation.
Mark Mondello: Thanks for the comments, Jim. Yes, we – if I think about the last number of years, starting with COVID and indexing all the way through today, we’ve dealt with a lot of challenges, which, by the way, to me, as I said in my prepared remarks, makes our team, I don’t know, even more reliable and more terrific when we think about power outages and COVID and COVID lingering and COVID shutdowns and geopolitical issues and the unfortunate continued war in Ukraine and inflation and rising costs. And now we’ve – we are dealing with what looks to be a fairly nasty storm in the Tampa Bay area. Specific to the storm these things ebb and flow by the hour. Right now, the outlook doesn’t look so good. To put that in context, we’ve got about 250,000-plus people in the company around the world. We’ve got around 3,000 in the Tampa Bay area. So first and foremost, right after we get off the call, we will go around again and check to be sure everybody is doing the right things. And after the storm passes, we will be sure everybody is okay, much like we do in any geography. So – and we do have our defense and aerospace factory here, and we will use standard Jabil protocols. We’ve closed the campus starting this afternoon, and the campus will be closed through the end of the week. There’ll be no material impact whatsoever to Q1 or our guide for ‘23. And again, Jim, appreciate the kind words.
Jim Suva: Great. And then as my quick follow-up, it sounds like your consignment model and could business is actually progressing to be a more deeper relationship than say a couple of years ago. Is that true? And does this lead to kind of increasingly more opportunities both on maybe less so revenues because it’s a net model, but more so profitability and more potential improvement in margins?
Mark Mondello: Maybe I could break that into two. First, on the depth of the relationship, the depth of the relationship we have with our largest customer in the cloud business is substantial. And we really appreciate that, and we work really hard to earn that, but that relationship is in great shape. When I think about all of our relationships in the cloud, 5G wireless area, we’re really pleased with the areas in which we get to participate and feel pretty bullish about that through ‘23 and hopefully going into ‘24. Specific to the cloud business, Jim, you alluded to the fact that I think we first started talking about our strategy that we had around a geo-centric configuration type of solution in the cloud space, largely around enhanced flexibility, agility and taking a lot of inventory and slack out of the supply chain. That’s proven to be a good assumption. I think we started talking about this back in 2018, ’19 time frame. We also, at that same point in time early on, we crafted this business to be – and Mike talked about this a bit, what we kind of talk about is asset light. So lots of agility, lots of speed in the configuration, moving very quickly, low count of fixed assets on a relative basis to other parts of our business and then very efficient working capital management. As part of that, we use this term consignment, and I don’t want people to be confused about what consignment is. Consignment isn’t any type of financial tool or anything we do to juice up margins per se. Consignment is simply around – when we take a look at what we do in the supply chain, what values we add, there is simply some materials based with our relationship with the suppliers as well as our customers where we add very little value. And so based on that, we continue to evolve and craft the supply chain in our cloud business, where we’re spending most of our time adding great value. The impact of that, and again, Mike talked about this in his prepared remarks, is that for fiscal ‘23, roughly, give or take a bit, about $500 million of material content will come out of the natural cloud business for ‘23. And so the impact of that is if you look at the slides we presented, our cloud business going from FY ‘22 to FY ‘23 on a dollar basis, I think, shows a $200 million decline, ‘22 to ‘23. I don’t remember the exact slides, but we’ve been through the numbers enough. So cloud, 5G wireless was about a $6.5 billion business in ‘22. Cloud, 5G wireless in ‘23 will be a bit lower than that in the $6.3 billion, $6.4 billion range. But on a unit volume basis, volumes are up and growth is exactly where we thought it would be for ‘23. So again, the dollars can appear a little bit distorted, but that is all about the fact that it’s a continuation of running the cloud business in an asset-light manner.
Jim Suva: Thank you and congratulations once again.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live. Perhaps your line is on mute. Please pickup your handset. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, it’s Ruplu, thanks for taking my questions. And I hope you guys are staying safe over there in Florida. Mark, I have a couple of questions for you. First, on the EMS business. Can you talk a little bit about the seasonality of that business? I mean, there is so many different end markets there. You’re guiding for strong growth. But just as we think about fiscal ‘23, how should we think about seasonality in that business?
Mark Mondello: How should you think about seasonality? I just don’t – Ruplu, I know where you’re getting at, right? I don’t – I just don’t think seasonality – I don’t think of seasonality in the EMS space. It’s really about the evolving construct of the business. So what might appear on the surface as seasonality is just a continuance of reshaping that business again as we focus on a good blend of margins and cash flows. I guess for modeling purposes, I don’t want to be too prescript here, but I think with the guide that Mike provided for Q1 of ‘23, I think our margins on the EMS side year-on-year, I would guess we will be up 20, 30 basis points. So if you take a look at EMS by – and in and of itself, if you take a look at Q1 ‘22, you match that to Q1 ‘23, I would think the EMS margins will be up again 20, 30 basis points. And then if you kind of extrapolate out Q2, Q3, Q4, I would guess margins will be similar as they were in ‘22. And I think the best part of the overall story with EMS is in FY ‘21, I think our EMS margins were sub 4%. I think in FY ‘22, our EMS margins were 4.3%. And I think in FY ‘23, the EMS margins will be closer to 4.5% to 4.6%, somewhere in that range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Hi, yes, thanks, and good morning. And thanks for all the good information so far. A couple of questions for me. One, just in your outlook, you are guiding networking and storage up roughly 6% for next year. A little surprising and strong given concerns about IT spending slowdown, is there – are you getting a positive forecast from customers of the supply constraints easing? And is that giving you some more confidence in your guide? Any color there would be great?
Mark Mondello: Sure, Matt. I don’t think it’s – I think we would agree with you on the demand side. In overall general terms, I would say the 5, 6 points of upside is two things. A, there is still a decent amount of backlog that needs to be replenished. And supply chain is getting better, albeit slowly, but moving in the right direction. And number two is a lot of that is what I would kind of consider wonderful customers but legacy customers nonetheless. And we continue to pick up small pockets of share in the business. So I would say those are the main two components driving the growth from ‘22 to ‘23.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thank you. And then just a couple of smaller questions, one, just on your outlook, I don’t think you provided a share count guide for Q1 or for ‘23. Does your ‘23 guide contemplate lower shares with the buyback?
Mike Dastoor: Hey Matt. Yes, it does. I would use so for the year were about 138 million to 140 million and for Q1 in the 141 million, 142 million range.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And just lastly, on the consignment shift with the cloud business, that 500 million, does that begin this quarter so that’s reflected in the year-over-year growth rates in Q1?
Mark Mondello: I would say the – our best estimate is if you notice, as you guys build out your models, I think you will see what could appear to be maybe a little bit of distortion first half to second half if you compare ‘22 to ‘23, specifically on the EMS side. That would suggest that the – most of the consignment impact for the year will be towards the back half.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Great. Thanks so much again.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good morning everyone. Two questions from me if I could. First of all, Mark, can you give us a sense of how your manufacturing footprint has changed over, say, the past year and into – how you are planning to change it next year, not so much like where things are located but maybe capabilities in different regions and if you could just maybe dial in a little bit on India and Southeast Asia ex-China? And then as a follow-up, Mark – Mike, can you talk about the cash flows a little bit more? So, the buybacks are – now you have a pretty huge percentage relative to your market cap sort of earmarked for buybacks. You are saying 80% of cash flows. And obviously, there is a range of cash flow outcomes depending on what you do with inventories. Can we assume that, that 80% is solid no matter what cash flows turn out, or if you wind up with a lot more free cash flow because of inventories that maybe you would dial down the buybacks? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Let me comment on the last comment first. And I know Mike will add to it and correct me – he will correct me where I am wrong for sure. But I think the 80%, I think is firm. And I think that will include the buybacks plus our dividend over the next couple of years, and Mike can expand on that. In terms of the footprint, Steve, there is no big changes to our footprint anticipated ‘22 to ‘23. We really like the footprint that we have. We think that our current footprint with the number of factories you have in the U.S. and our ability to expand those factories might serve us well to the extent there is some re-showing [ph] with clean energy. We will see what happens with the CHIPS Act. We have been staying very close to that directly with our friends in D.C. There is a lot of details that need to be worked out there. But that’s one thing I could think about. But as we often say, the nice thing about Jabil is if you take a look at our capabilities, you take a look at our scale, almost independent of geopolitical issues, there is going to be some bumpiness for sure on the macro. But over the next 3 years to 5 years, there is a lot of things that still need to be built. And we have build stuff, and we do it awfully well. And we can accommodate the needs of nearly any geography either on the supply side or the demand side. I would – I think you asked about Southeast Asia and India. Over the last number of years, we have expanded into and continue to grow in Malaysia. We have ramped up a wonderful campus in Vietnam. We will continue – Southeast Asia will certainly continue to be of interest to us. By the way, we also have a wonderful footprint in Mainland China that we are pleased with. And then lastly, for India, I think India, we have done what I would consider moderate, maybe even modest on a relative basis investments in India around the Mumbai area in Pune. And that campus continues to scale. If I had to wave a magic wand and kind of guess what things might look like in India, say, in FY ‘24 or ‘25, my guess would be our footprint in India will be greater in fiscal ‘24 and ‘25 than it is today.
Mike Dastoor: And Steve, on your buyback question, if you look at what we have done in FY ‘22, we repurchased almost 700 million of our shares. We will continue to be well-balanced in our approach and opportunistic at the same time. We have an additional authorization of another $1 billion, bringing our total authorization to almost $1.3 billion. If you look at the end markets that we play in, the secular tailwinds that we continue to see, our margin accretion, our EPS accretion, cash flow accretion, all leads me to think that we are highly undervalued. And we feel buybacks is the best way to tackle that issue.
Steven Fox: Great. All of that’s super helpful. Of course, positioned the best regarding the area. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question and let me add my thoughts for everyone in Florida. The company’s fiscal ‘23 guidance assumes a slowdown in certain end markets, even though, as I understand it, demand is generally strong. So, double-click on that a bit, better understand. Are there end markets where the company has seen signs of macro-related slowness as you start fiscal ‘23, or is it really related to your assumptions about what may materialize based on your history with the business?
Mark Mondello: Well, this is ever changing. And we will see what the next 60 days, 90 days, 120 days hold between monetary policy and everything else. I would say, as we sit today, Mark, the only area that we are seeing distinct decline in demand is around connected devices and consumer goods. Other than that, everything is either flat to up. I spoke about the 5G cloud. Again, unit volumes are up. So, of the eight sectors that we talk about in our business, the one that’s down based on demand or our belief of what’s going to happen in demand is in the area of consumer products and connected devices.
Mark Delaney: That’s helpful. On supply chain, you said it’s getting somewhat better, but still issues. Are the issues semiconductor supply demand or are there other supply chain constraints that the company is dealing with? And can you just elaborate a little bit more on how you see that playing out over the course of fiscal ‘23?
Mark Mondello: I would say if we go back 1 year ago, say, 9 months to 12 months ago, we had tremendous challenges more broad-based across the supply chain. As we sit today, we still have pockets of challenges. I would say the biggest challenges we have are around legacy semiconductors, and probably the biggest friction points continue to be around the EV space and the healthcare space. But on a relative basis, what we said the last number of calls is our Jabil team is doing a wonderful job in securing parts relative to others. So, we will continue to secure the parts. Our – the nice thing about how we look to forecast the business, whether it’s on an annual basis like today where we go a degree deeper, it’s on our quarterly calls, with our systems, our IT systems, how everything is linked together in terms of our factories, it really allows us real time to understand the puts and the takes of the business from the bottoms up. So, we start every single session with input and data from the factories as well as the customers. So, I think we have contemplated all of the supply chain issues that are at hand at the moment as we have offered the outlook for ‘23.
Mark Delaney: If I could sneak one last question in, that we mentioned electricity costs going higher in China, although I think, unfortunately, they are also higher in Europe. Maybe you could remind us to what extent those are typically part of the cost-plus structure? And are you expecting you can pass on higher electricity costs in fiscal ‘23, or is that maybe a headwind you baked into the guidance? Thank you and congratulations on the good results.
Mark Mondello: So, I think things are very – are different. Maybe they are both going to be rising. You talked about China. Again, we saw some power outages there in the fourth quarter. We baked in some conservatism there for ‘23, although it’s modest. In terms of Europe, our two big revenue generators are Poland and Hungary. We have taken a hard look at and kind of done a deep dive in the construct of Poland and Hungary generate their power. We think the impact to us through the winter months in Europe will be modest as well. And I would just say that if I just kind of wrap that up into Jabil’s more global footprint, we have seen and we will continue to see rising costs in various areas of our business. And we handle that differently with every single customer depending on the relationship, the terms and the overall economics. The good news is I think we have given appropriate if not deep consideration to all of that. And we are still bringing forward an outlook for ‘23 that takes margins up 20 basis points to 4.8%.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Shannon Cross from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I was wondering sort of big picture, as you talk to your customers, Industry 4.0 with robotics, 3D printing, AI, ML, all of the technology that people are bringing to bear with regard to manufacturing, I am wondering how much of that is part of a discussion with your customers, both from sort of a competitive advantage standpoint as well as the ability to increase margins over time? And as I look at your margin profile, obviously, it’s improving, but I am wondering how much of this is increased automation and things you can do yourself versus mix? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: I like your question because whether it’s Industry 3.0 or 4.0, I am not quite sure. But at Jabil, it’s kind of 1.0. It’s right at the heart of what we do. Our business is complicated at times. Our strategy is really straightforward. Our strategy gets driven by each of the individual sectors because that’s where all the domain expertise lies. And then at an enterprise level, we build stuff. And the better we build stuff, the more flexible we are in building stuff, the better our geography is in serving customers, the better engineering is, the more market share gains we will continue to capture as we move forward. And Shannon, a big part of that is, again, I think if we are not the largest, we are one of the largest large-scale manufacturing services company in the world. And a huge, huge amount of that is always our OpEx and our CapEx investments. And we just believe deeply in investing in the business because, again, we don’t want to be making decisions for today that aren’t great decisions long-term. And those investments are great decisions long-term. So, whether it’s AR, VR, whether it’s artificial intelligence, whether it’s additional data analytics, whether it’s robotics, automation, by the way, we make significant investments in those areas. I would guess that independent of our customers between our overall advancement in IT, data analytics, robotics, all of that stuff, our OpEx investments are probably $400 million to $500 million a year. And we think those are terrific investments for the company and will be very material as we move forward and run this company north of 5% at a very large scale.
Shannon Cross: Thank you. And this is sort of a derivative question but currency, I am wondering how that comes into the conversations with customers in terms of where you are manufacturing versus some of the currency moves or if it’s a topic of discussion at all, given where everything has moved in the last, say, six months, there have been some pretty aggressive currency swings. So, I am just wondering if that comes up in any of your discussions. Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Sure. So, I will answer that. I think if you look at how we structure our pricing, etcetera, the revenue is mainly predominantly U.S. dollar-based bill of material that we buy from suppliers is mainly predominantly U.S. dollar-based. The value-add that you get, the local labor, the local cost, yes, those fluctuate. We do have true-up mechanisms with our customers to re-price if there is a significant move. And we also hedge our FX on the value-add portion as well. So, overall, FX is not something I lose sleep over.
Shannon Cross: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, just some follow-ups on cap allocation. Very strong free cash flow here at the end of the year and pretty nice outlook here kind of approaching $1 billion annually. So, why not increase the authorization higher? And then secondly, on the kind of acquisitions front, where should we expect the firm to be a little bit more active here? Should we expect kind of this continued in-house investments for customers and reimbursement, or where can the firm be a little bit more active given some depressed private valuations here?
Mark Mondello: Thanks for the questions, Paul. Just on the buybacks, I think your comment was, why not be more aggressive. I think we are being very aggressive. If we just take a look at cash flows we dealt – we delivered in ‘22 and the level of buyback, the level of buybacks, and Mike talked about this level of buybacks in ‘22 was north of 700 million on free cash flows of $800 million. I consider that extremely aggressive. By the way, that doesn’t include our dividend. If I think about ‘23 and ‘24, Mike talked about the fact that we got authorization for an extra $1 billion. We add that to the unused portion of the prior authorization, that puts in play about $1.3 billion. If I think about our free cash flow this year being $900 million, and we are saying nothing about fiscal ‘24, but hypothetically, let’s say it was around $1 billion, you got $1.9 billion in free cash flow. And now you are talking about a total authorization of $1.3 billion plus another $100 million plus for dividend, you are talking about us returning $1.4 billion or give or take against free cash flows of $1.9 billion. So, I think that’s appropriate and we could debate whether or not it’s aggressive enough. But I think it’s a very nice returning capital directly to shareholders. In terms of M&A, we think – so again, I think one of the charm, the real charming part of being in our business with all the complexities is it’s a big world out there. And I said earlier, there is lots and lots and lots of things that need to be built. And the world is not going to become virtual completely, and the world is not going to become kind of holographic. It’s like there is hard things. We talk internally sometimes, a big part of the way we run the business is digital with ones and zeros, but the output of that is based in atoms. I mean, they are hard, tangible things we build. And again, the market is massive. So, I just – we will continue to do small acquisitions, largely around acquiring engineering talent and technical capabilities. But the best use of our capital, A, is exactly what you alluded to is at these valuations, returning capital to shareholders via dividends and buyback. And then also the best use of our cash is both CapEx and OpEx investments, again, with an eye on continuing to pick up share, continuing to position us in a very dominant portion of the overall supply chain and then also with an eye on getting the margins for the company over 5% on a sustainable basis.
Paul Chung: Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up on component inflation, are you starting to see kind of more normalized prices in the market today? And then if we start to see more kind of deflationary environment on components, how do we think about the impact on margins and cash flows? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: I would say to your – the first part of your question is the overall – if I take a look at all of our bill of materials, which are in the tens of thousands and extrapolate this comment over all of it, the supply chain is very mixed. There is some part of the supply chain that’s already more normalized, and there is some part of the supply chain remaining that’s inflationary. I think that continues to move in the direction of over time of being more normalized. And in terms of the bill of materials becoming deflationary, I don’t think we have to worry about that so much in ‘23. We will see what happens in the first half of ‘24. But we have been doing this a long time. And if you just kind of think about the 55 years that Jabil has been in business and maybe focus on the last 30 years, it’s just been a continuous sine wave of up, down, up, down, up, down in terms of our variable costs or fixed costs and cost of bill of material. I think we will continue to navigate. We will continue to navigate that quite well with customers. And I don’t envision – I certainly don’t envision – we wouldn’t have guided the 4.8% this year if we thought there was a risk to that. And I think this morning alone, I have mentioned the idea of running the company at 5% with, I think a purposeful consideration of what might happen to the materials market, the component market and our bill of materials, we feel pretty confident of driving the margins to 5%.
Paul Chung: Great. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Melissa Fairbanks from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Melissa Fairbanks: Great. Thanks very much guys. I am hunkering down just south of you. It looks like they are calling for a direct hit here now. So, quite an eventful day for all of us, I guess. You mentioned supply is starting to ease. Can you share if that’s more due to just Jabil sourcing, just improved efficiency on your part, or are you seeing it free up more generally? And then I have got a follow-up to that.
Mark Mondello: Well, Melissa, first off, keep yourself safe. And I don’t think today is going to be all that exciting, but certainly, starting at noon tomorrow, I think things will get quite interesting. So, please keep safe. In terms of the overall bill of material, I think some of it is our scale and our leverage. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we just have a wonderful network of suppliers. So, I think that’s part of it. I think the other part of it is with the current monetary policies and things going on around the world, I think in general, and this is now becoming maybe a little bit more, and I used the word a little bit, a little bit more of the rule versus the exception. But I think demand in general on a macro basis will start to soften a bit. I mentioned earlier that we are seeing it largely around consumer product, connected devices. But I think demand will start to soften a bit. And I think that’s going to help with overall supply chain, both continuity and supply as we move forward in the next 9 months, 12 months, 18 months.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay. Great. And then you mentioned inventories would be worked down over time. What would be your ideal inventory target? Is there excess inventory that you are holding that you are specifically looking to destock?
Mark Mondello: So, there is inventories we are holding today that – yes, I love your term. We would like to destock those, and we are going to work very hard to destock some of these things in FY ‘23. They were put there with purpose. They are there to support the customers, the old adage of the golden screw deal. We have been dealing with that for a long, long time. We think that starts to normalize the back half of ‘23. And so I would guess we are very pleased, by the way, with the progress that we have made in terms of days of inventory reduction as we got to the back half of fiscal ‘22. And I would guess we will see a similar trajectory as we move through ‘23 on a relative basis. So, I would be really disappointed if we are sitting here, let’s say, in the second half of ‘23 and our overall inventory levels are not down in a material way.
Mike Dastoor: And Melissa, just as a reminder, most of our inventory is actually raw materials and WIP. There is very little finished goods. So, we don’t have a finished good problem or any such lag. It’s the raw materials and WIP. As Mark said, we bring it in for our customers after they place a PO. So, they are legally contractually obligated with that inventory as well. So, it’s just a matter of the golden screw coming through and our manufacturing churning our products. It’s a relatively different inventory situation than perhaps retailers or any other type of market.
Melissa Fairbanks: Sure. Perfect. Thanks very much. That’s all for me. Stay safe guys.
Mark Mondello: You too Melissa. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is a follow-up from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up and Mark thanks for all the details you gave so far. I wanted to ask you a question on risk management in the DMS segment. If we look at mobility revenues, right, so fiscal ‘22 came in a little bit lower than what you had expected $100 million, and you are guiding another $100 million lower for fiscal ‘23. But now connected devices, as you said is a consumer-facing end market, and you are guiding that down 9%. So, when I look at these two things, mobility and connected devices, they are about 47% of the fiscal ‘23 guide for DMS. In case these markets are weaker than what you expect, how would your playbook change? Are there areas of investment that you would switch to other areas? And overall, do you think that there is enough strength in the automotive and healthcare segments that – though that strength can balance any weakness in these other two segments? So, just your thoughts on if there is incremental weakness in these two end markets, mobility and connected devices, how your playbook changes? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Just a general comment that I don’t think has much to do with your question. I think the one area I would look at is in overall DMS, we continue to see awfully good growth in EVs, automotive and transport. And we see a good, stable, growing business in healthcare and packaging. So, I am not sure on your math on connected devices and mobility being 47% other than – and then we give it to you on the chart. I am just thinking about as we move into ‘24, ‘25 from an overall risk standpoint, I would – I think we are going to continue to see good trajectory of growth in the automotive, transport, healthcare, packaging as we move beyond ‘23. That’s point number one. Point number two is I think trying to put together at least in regards to Jabil-specific, trying to put together connected devices with mobility, I wouldn’t do that because there is different elements of those businesses beyond just raw demand that are material to Jabil in terms of our realized demand versus the overall marketplace. And last point to your question, I think on connected devices and mobility in general, as we sit today, the way in which we run both of those businesses and the way in which we have agreed commercial terms with the customers puts us in a situation where we feel pretty good in terms of risk management to both areas of the business.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for the detail. Appreciate it.
Mark Mondello: Yes. And sorry, I think you got cut off earlier. I apologize for that.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over for any further closing comments.
End of Q&A:
Adam Berry: Our call has concluded. Thank you for your interest in Jabil.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-06-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Jabil's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the conference over to Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations. Adam, you may now begin.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's third quarter of fiscal 2022 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within our Investor Relations section. At the conclusion of today's call, the entirety of today's session will be posted for audio playback on our website. I'd now like to ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected fourth quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by saying thanks to all of our people here at Jabil. Thank you for the tireless attention you offer our customers, and thank you for the manner in which you care for and accept one another. Let's now turn to Slide 5 and review our third quarter results. Q3 was another strong quarter driven by double-digit revenue growth and outstanding execution. Altogether, the team delivered core earnings per share of $1.72 and revenue of $8.3 billion. This resulted in a core operating margin of 4.2%, a 40 basis point increase year-on-year. All in all, I'm quite pleased with the quarter. We're carrying good momentum as we start to think about FY '23. And when I think about momentum, I think about the primary catalysts behind our business, that being the makeup and scale of our commercial portfolio, which I'll now address on the next slide, Slide 6. The pie chart shown here reflects Jabil's commercial portfolio, which our team has built over the past five to six years, in essence, a large-scale, well-diversified foundation from which we run our business today. And the resulting output in having built this business is threefold. One, a higher level of resiliency for the corporation. Either during trying times of macro and geopolitical disruptions or during more typical times when we're simply faced with never-ending demand fluctuations. Two, Jabil's presence in new markets. Markets that include 5G, electric vehicles, personalized healthcare, cloud computing and clean energy. Markets that we believe will drive earnings growth, especially when combined with the continued refinement and improvement of our traditional businesses. And finally, the third resultant output of our team's hard work is the assembly and collection of our many capabilities. Capabilities that allow us to simplify the complex for many of the world's most notable brands as we lean into a massive market where things need to be built and supply chains need to be developed or modified. Moving to Slide 7. You'll see management's outlook for the year. We're anticipating core earnings per share to be $7.45, an increase of 33% year-on-year. As for revenue, fiscal '22 now looks to be $32.8 billion, while our outlook for core operating margin remains steady at 4.6%, a 40 basis point improvement year-on-year. In addition, we remain committed to delivering a minimum of $700 million in free cash flow for FY '22. Altogether, this year is a terrific blend of reliable margins and sustainable cash flows. And although we're navigating a tough environment, we have ample opportunities to consider as we formalize our business plan for fiscal '23. With this in mind, we look forward to hosting our fifth Annual Investor Briefing. And consistent with past years, the briefing will be held in late September. Adam will be confirming an exact date later this summer. We'll open the session by reporting our fourth quarter and full year results, we'll then follow with a complete review of our priorities and explain how these priorities will guide us through FY '23. Management will also share how we plan to further expand our core operating margin while sharing observations on end markets. In wrapping up the September session, Mike will share our capital return framework for FY '23 and FY '24. We have lots to share and a wonderful story to tell financially, operationally and commercially. With that, let's look at my final slide, where I'd like to talk about the importance of purpose. At Jabil, we act with purpose, and with purpose comes expectations. Expectations around certain behaviors, behaviors such as keeping our people safe, protecting the environment, giving back to our communities and ensuring a workplace of tolerance, respect and acceptance. Within Jabil, these behaviors have never been as important as they are today. I'm proud of our team as they embrace our purpose, and in doing so, their conduct is exceptional. In closing, I like the decisions we're making. At Jabil, we build stuff, and we do it really, really well. It's why we welcome the challenges put forth by our customers. And when addressing these challenges, we do our best to make the world a little bit better, a little bit healthier and a little bit safer each and every day. As I alluded to earlier in my prepared remarks, the world is a bit messy at the moment. What I do believe is Jabil executes well when times are steady, but I'm even more passionate in my belief that Jabil executes really well when times are difficult. Thank you for joining our call, and thanks for your interest in Jabil. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Mark, and thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter was a great illustration of our diversification in action. I'm really pleased with the resiliency of our portfolio and the sustainable momentum at the enterprise level. In spite of a challenging supply chain environment and well-publicized shutdowns in China, the team still delivered exceptional results in revenue, core operating margin and core diluted earnings per share. For the quarter, revenue was approximately $8.3 billion, ahead of our forecast, driven by very strong demand within EMS, partially offset by sporadic COVID challenges within DMS. Altogether, on enterprise level, revenue grew by 15% year-over-year and 10% sequentially as demand across end markets remain well ahead of supply. In Q3, our GAAP operating income was $321 million, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.52. Core operating income during the quarter was $352 million, an increase of 27% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 4.2%, up 40 basis points over the prior year. Net interest expense in Q3 came in above expectations at $45 million due to a combination of higher working capital and rising interest rates. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.72, a 32% improvement over the prior year quarter. Now turning to our third quarter segment results on the next slide. Revenue for our DMS segment was $3.8 billion, an increase of 7% on a year-over-year basis. Although upside in the quarter was limited in automotive, healthcare and mobility, we still experienced year-over-year growth in every end market within DMS. Core margin for the segment came in at 3.8%. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $4.5 billion, an increase of 23% on a year-over-year basis and well ahead of our plans for March. The stronger year-over-year performance in our EMS segment was extremely broad-based, with strength in our 5G Wireless & Cloud and Networking & Storage businesses, where we gained additional share during the quarter. As a result, our ability to execute in complex supply chains and deliver critical parts and components. Core margin for the segment was 4.6%, up 80 basis points for the prior year, reflecting exceptional cost control on higher-than-anticipated revenue. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. In Q3, inventory days came in at 85 days, down one day sequentially and above our expectations in March, mainly due to the shutdowns in Shanghai which also impacted upstream and downstream supply chains. We offset a portion of higher inventory levels with inventory deposits from our customers, and these deposits reside within the accrued expenses line item on the balance sheet. Net of inventory deposits, inventory days were 70 in Q3, down one day from the previous quarter. As a quick reminder, our business model is designed such that we do not take risk on inventory in anticipation of sales. All inventory orders require a customer purchase order before triggering a purchase request within our MRP system. Majority of our inventory continues to be mainly associated with raw materials as a result of kicking issues and timing of components. At the end of Q3, finished goods represented a very small level at approximately 11% of inventory consistent with Q2. Our third quarter cash flows from operations were $545 million, and net capital expenditures totaled $324 million. From a total debt to core EBITDA level, we exited the quarter approximately 1.3x and with cash balances of $1.1 billion. During Q3, we repurchased approximately 0.6 million shares for $203 million, and for the year, we've repurchased 7.9 million shares for $475 million as we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. Turning now to our fourth quarter guidance on the next slide. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 14% on a year-over-year basis to approximately $4.5 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 11% on a year-over-year basis to approximately $3.9 billion. We expect total company revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal '22 to be in the range of $8.1 billion to $8.7 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $390 million to $450 million, representing a core margin range of 4.8% to 5.2%. At the midpoint, this is an improvement of 80 basis points for the prior year. In Q4, GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $367 million to $427 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.94 to $2.34. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.78 to $2.18. The core tax rate in the fourth quarter is estimated to be approximately 17%. Next, I'd like to take a few moments to highlight our dynamic and resilient portfolio of businesses by end market. Across the majority of our end markets, demand has been extremely resilient and continues to outstrip supply across our business, particularly in end markets that continue to benefit from strong secular tailwinds. Markets such as Electric Vehicles, Personalized Medicine and Healthcare, Clean and Smart Energy Infrastructure, 5G Infrastructure, Cloud and Semi-Cap, these end markets represent a large majority of the overall Jabil portfolio today, and we believe sustained growth in these markets will continue even if overall global economic growth slows from the solid levels over the last few years. The end markets we serve that may be more susceptible to economic slowdowns have been strategically positioned within the portfolio as we partner with market-leading brands to provide key capabilities that are critical and hard to replicate. This product diversification provides resiliency to our portfolio. In summary, Jabil is not only well diversified, but also markedly more resilient due to our multi-year proactive efforts to diversify our business and align to tomorrow's trends. As a result, we feel the outlook for our business is strong and anticipate demand to be resilient for the balance of this year and into FY '23. All in all, our performance during the first 9 months of FY '22 gives us excellent momentum as we look to close out another strong year. We're now anticipating core EPS will be in the neighborhood of $7.45 per share on revenue of approximately $32.8 billion. Notably, we see income and cash flow coming through with the increase to revenue. We now expect strong core margin and free cash flow of 4.6% and $700 million, respectively. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. Before we move into Q&A, I'd like to remind all participants that we cannot address customer or product-specific questions. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on the strong execution in the quarter. My first question, Mark, is on revenue growth. Revenues in EMS, looks like it saw a much stronger growth than you had expected. Was there any pull forward of revenue from a fiscal 4Q? Or did you just see higher demand in all end markets? And the same question for the DMS segment, where revenue growth was 7% versus your guidance of 17%. Looks like you've reduced your estimate for fiscal year mobility and auto revenues a little bit. So do you see lower end market demand? Or is it that supply constraints are limiting your ability to fulfill the demand?
Mark Mondello: Ruplu, so those are, I think, two fundamental questions for the quarter, and there's a lot there. But if I missed something, bring me back to it. I'll start with DMS. DMS business overall, I think if you're looking at comps relative to what we thought we'd do at the beginning of the quarter, which is I think where you're indexing your numbers from, one, we're probably a little bit conservative in our guide at the beginning of the quarter with everything going on; number two, the execution through the quarter was exceptional, and it was really broad-based. So I know I used that term in other conversations as well. But if you take a look at -- maybe a good data point for you, if you go back and look at our blue green slide from March and you look at it, what we presented today, kind of the annual numbers on the EMS side are reflective of where we saw some strength and where our execution, I think, was exceptional for the year. So I think it's a combination of, A, a little bit conservative at the beginning of the quarter with everything going on. Number two, execution was great. There was a little bit of uptick in demand. And I don't know if I'd say pull forward, I would say that in this environment, customers are -- have a really good appreciation of our ability to help in the supply chain situations and navigating some continued supply chain issues. And I think that allowed us to pick up some share during the quarter. So that's kind of EMS. I also think on the EMS side, if I speak to it on a relative basis, Ruplu, I said something in my prepared remarks about the world being a little bit difficult at the moment. The EMS side of our business, we were saying internally, I think we did a good job controlling the controllables. And that's just what Jabil does really, really well at our scale is the execution side, whether it be the factory or supply chain. On the DMS side, I think it was threefold; one, it was a bit on health care; two, it was a bit on auto; and three, it was a bit on mobility. And although, again, we were somewhat conservative in our guide, we certainly didn't anticipate the length of time in terms of the shutdown in Shanghai. Although we're doing on a general basis, if you look at the enterprise results overall for the quarter and what's stacking up to be a very good year in a really tough environment, there were some challenges again with some specific silicon, probably impacted us mostly on auto, but not in a vacuum. And then there were some timing and shifts going on in volumes with mobility. So I would say that's kind of a summary of what happened with the results in terms of EMS and DMS in terms of our guide back in March.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Yes, thanks for all the details there Mark. That's helpful. And can I ask, given all the strengths that you're seeing in various EMS end markets and also in DMS, how should we think about CapEx this year? And which specific areas are you -- do you think you need to invest more in this year? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Well, this year's about over, so I -- CapEx is going to be what it's going to be this year. I think it will be, I don't know, somewhere between 2.5% and 3% of overall revenue. It's probably closer to 2.5%, and I think we talked about that back in September. So the way we're managing CapEx, I think, is exceptional. I actually have an opinion too on the fact that I think our overall capital allocation throughout the year has been quite good. We'll get into CapEx for FY '23 during the upcoming Investor Day in September. I would expect in terms of indexing CapEx off of revenue, FY '23 will look similar to FY '22. In terms of the last part of your question, we'll continue to invest in areas that have great cash flows, sustainable businesses and help drive our margins to 5%.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thanks for taking the question, and congrats again on the quarter.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Sheerin: Yes. Thank you, and good morning. I just -- a question just regarding the guidance, and specifically on the margins. It looks like you're guiding margins to, call it, 5% or so? And is that driven by mix? Do you expect gross margin to improve here or continued OpEx leverage? And you're talking very strong leverage on OpEx in the last couple of quarters. So what is driving those margins?
Mark Mondello: Well, I think, one, it's -- again, it's a little bit of a mix across the business, which I think is a big thesis of our story around where the company is today. I think we see -- quarter-on-quarter, we'll see decent strength in Auto. I think we'll see, assuming Shanghai doesn't shut down hard again, we'll see relative strength in Healthcare and Packaging. Q4 always ends up being a strong quarter for us because of mix, not intentional on our EMS business, and the EMS business is substantial in the fourth quarter. And I think if I step back and I look at the bigger picture, it's the overall health of the business and it's the overall execution. I mean, I think Q4 is a good marker for the business on where we want to take it further for '23 and '24, again, in driving the entire enterprise on an annual basis to 5% op margins.
Mike Dastoor: And Matt, if I could just add. DMS and EMS businesses have slightly different gross margin profiles. I think the EMS, which outperformed in Q3, which will have a good quarter in Q4 as well. The gross margin can be low, but the SG&A OpEx can be lower as well and vice versa. On the DMS side, where your gross margin is higher, but your SG&A percentages are higher because of FDA qualification requirements because of regulated industries, sort of the regulations that go around that. So it's a very different gross margin profile for EMS and DMS. I would encourage folks to look at operating margin. That's what we, as a management team, look at internally. We're marching towards 5% and beyond, and we'll continue to deliver that. Gross margin profiles will go change up and down quarter-by-quarter depending on the mix, so I just encourage you to focus more on operating margin than gross margin.
Matthew Sheerin: Okay. Thank you for that. And then regarding the supply chain headwinds that hit most of your DMS businesses. Are you seeing any signs of easing there, either on the semiconductor supply side or the COVID-related restrictions? And how is that impacting your guidance? In other words, would you have even more upside if there were more available supply or production?
Mark Mondello: I've been saying this the last couple of quarters. First off, there was multiple variables that impacted DMS, and by the way, demand remains strong. So I think that's an interesting takeaway from this call. And our -- the DMS delta relative to our guide wasn't all supply chain at all. Again, it was a timing and shift in volumes in mobility. It was, again, the number of weeks of our shutdown in Shanghai. And then I did say and acknowledge that we had some issues with some very specialized silicon, and that impacted probably auto more than other end markets. But I think -- I continue to think that as a whole across the company, our supply chain challenges are getting better, the overall supply chain is getting better. And I'll caveat that as I did, I think, in the March call and the December call, which is when we think about supply chain, it's not just semiconductors. It's not just the last golden screw. We have everything from resins to metals in our precision machining to just run the gamut of everything that we buy. So again, I think supply chain continues to get better. I thought and have said that I thought supply chain normalizes towards the end of this calendar year. That may push a bit into '23. But overall, A, supply chains are getting a bit better. There's still some hard constraints around some select components. But I would also say that one of the things that played for us in the third quarter and is also helping us drive the 5% margins in the fourth quarter is our ability to navigate supply chain on a relative basis better than most.
Matthew Sheerin: Okay. Thanks so much for the answer.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks Matt.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. Two questions, if I could. First of all, when you think -- I know you don't want to give too much on next year, but your operating margins are up 80 basis points year-over-year. I think you mentioned some of that was because of mix. Can you just sort of talk about how much more is left in terms of improving margins just based on your sales mix? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: You're right. We don't want to say much about '23 at the moment. I think we'll go deep into that, Steve, in our Investor Day in September. I just -- I guess I'd look at it and say a few years back, we ran about a 6-year stretch where we were growing the heck out of the company and diversifying and building the platform we have today, and the op margin line was around 3.5%. And then in '21, we took it up substantially to 4.2%. This year, we're going to deliver around 4.6%. I guess I would say, and maybe I alluded to some of this in my prepared remarks is I think, sitting here today, I think FY '23 margins will be greater than FY '22's margins. And I think Q4 is a little bit of a proxy in terms of kind of where the company is headed. So overall, there's a lot of things going on around us at the moment. We're navigating them reasonably well on an absolute scale, I think, very well on a relative scale. So more to come in September.
Steven Fox: That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned some market share gains on some of the more mature product areas. I'm just curious if there's any other color you can provide on that? And do we think about that as being sustainable? Or were you feeling sort of an interim gap? And before I forget, I guess I'll wish the Lightning luck in the rest of the Stanley Cup finals.
Mark Mondello: I was hoping you were going to say that. You know what, your Rangers are an awfully good team, and I think they're going to be really, really good the next three to four years. So thanks for that. And we're rooting them on. They had a tough loss last night, but we appreciate the -- we appreciate the Ranger fan converting to a Lightning fan at least for the next couple of weeks. Thank you. On the share gain, I would -- I don't know how to handicap that. We did a number of customers some favors by navigating supply chain and helping them out when they needed some help. Is that sustainable? I don't know. Some of it will be, some of it won't. I do think though, if you take a look at the blue green slide, and I know the one that we post in the deck kind of gives you relativity FY '20, FY '21, FY '22. But if you pull the blue green slide out of your last deck from the March call and you take a look at what we said in March versus where we sit today, again, for the year -- I think I don't remember the exact numbers, but I think Digital Print Retail is up from what we said 90 days ago. 5G Wireless and Cloud is up from what we said 90 days ago, Networking & Storage. So I think that's a good proxy of where we picked up some share, again, largely around our ability to execute supply chain and getting product factories for customers. Will some of that stick with us? I think so, and I think you'll hear about some of that in September.
Steven Fox: Thanks again.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Delaney: Good morning. Thank you very much for taking the questions. The first one is on the macroeconomic environment. And Mark, you commented on some of these uncertain headlines that are out there. And I'm curious, is this just something you guys are seeing in terms of the economic data points that are being reported? Or are there actual customer schedules for 6 to 12 months out that are starting to slow? And if there are actual customers that are indicating things may be slowing? Are there any end markets you can point to?
Mark Mondello: Well, I'm not going to get into customer data. I would say that -- I would say what's good news is if we go back to -- so again, the world is a tough place, and it's a tough place for any large corporation at the moment. But boy, I like our chances. If you go back in a tough environment with everything, I think in September, if I remember right, we thought the year would be like $31.5 billion or something like that, and now we're up at $32.8 billion. So again, I think that's reflective of our ability to execute in a tough environment. And again, I think it speaks to how we're positioned with the portfolio we have. In terms of what -- we always see puts and takes, are some of those puts and takes maybe, I don't know, peak to trough -- peak to trough? Are some of those may be more abrupt in an environment like this? Maybe. But again, as I step back and I look at -- if you take our current guide and look where the year is going to end up, I feel pretty good about the year overall, so. And I think the other thing we've been talking about, and I think it gets way over spoken on earnings calls and people talk about secular this and secular that. But what I think is very real is we have some wonderful opportunities for '23 and '24 that have started to come through the P&L this year. And we talked about Electric Vehicles, we talked about Personalized Healthcare, we talk about some of the changes and advancements in connected devices. I think about what's going on in terms of Automation and the retail space. I think about what's going on with new fabs being built in our Semi-Cap business, I think about what's going on in the 5G build-out. So they're certainly not -- those types of businesses, if we get into a massive recession, will have impact to the negative. But all things being equal, when you look at those businesses, and then I also think about how we've refined and improved what you might think of as our more legacy business. All in all, I feel good about the fourth quarter. And again, I think we'll have some reasonably good things to say in September.
Mark Delaney: That's helpful. My second question is on the China region, and we're seeing some headlines of business resuming post some of these shutdowns in different parts of China. Could you better characterize to what extent things are back open, maybe relative to March when Shanghai, for example, went into lockdown? To what extent are things back to those sorts of levels? Or is it still 70%, 80%? And if it's not back at full volumes, when do you think you may be back to full volumes in China? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: I think we'll be back to full volumes in China now. And we've handicapped that a little bit in the fourth quarter, but our assumption is that China runs at, say, let's -- let me just -- let me say something to you illustratively and don't pay too much attention to the numbers, but you'll get what I'm trying to say. If you take our overall China capacity, and let's just say that we assume that that capacity is going to run at 80%, 85%. When things do get shut down or things go bump in the night, we have enough residual capacity there, if you will, to make things up pretty quickly. I would say for 4Q, we're assuming that our capacity is going to run at 80%, 85%, and all indications are that's a good assumption set. And things -- we're not assuming things will be quite as difficult as they were in Q3. By the way, I think that's also a variable in why the margins Q3 to Q4 are up.
Mark Delaney: That's very helpful. Thanks for taking the questions. And congratulations on the good results.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So just on free cash flow, pretty steady guidance here despite tough macro backdrop. Talk about some of the puts and takes there on offsetting some heavy investments in inventory? And then you mentioned some normalization later this year, but are you expecting some structural step ups here on working cap offers maybe moving forward?
Mike Dastoor: So Paul, thanks for that question. I think if you look at our earnings, earnings are up -- it's up from the beginning of the year. It's up again quarter-over-quarter. I think the inventory number was slightly higher than what we expected. Working capital was up a little bit. I think the reasons for those are very clear. It's a complex sort of supply chain, the COVID shutdowns didn't help. But overall, we still feel we can get to our free cash flow number. We will see some reduction in working capital in Q4. In fact, if you look at our free cash flow this year versus last year, at this point in time, we're actually ahead of what we were last year. So I feel good about that $700 million free cash flow number, Paul.
Paul Chung: Great. And then just a follow-up on the automation side. So where are you seeing kind of incremental opportunities for CapEx and M&A to kind of enhance the firm's capabilities? It seems like you have some momentum here at Badger from what I can see. I know that part of the business is small, but how are you kind of leveraging some robotics technology across the business? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: I think we're doing a really good job of that. One of the things that we spend a lot of time internal about is, A, control what we can control. And if you think about our business, at the very, very core of our business is we build stuff, and it's that simple. And if we're going to build stuff, we should have the best factories in the world. I would say of our overall factory network today, we're really, really proud of about 80% of our factories, and we got 20% of the factories that operate really well, so far from perfect. But also, I would say the OpEx investments we've made along with the CapEx investments both in IT, operations, automation, AI, data analytics, et cetera, are starting to come through in the factories. And we think that will carry through for '23 and '24. And I think overall, we're going to be able to continue to do more with less. And I think that's also reflected in our overall SG&A numbers as well, which I think is a good thing.
Paul Chung: Great. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to Adam Berry for closing remarks.
Adam Berry: Thanks, everyone, for joining. This now concludes our call.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-03-16 10:15:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Jabil’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Adam Berry, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil’s second quarter of fiscal 2022 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today’s call is being webcast live and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within our Investor Relations section. At the conclusion of today’s call, the entirety of today's session will be posted for audio playback on our Web site.  I'd like to now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with the slides on the Web site, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected third quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I'd now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. To begin with, our hearts go out to everyone impacted by the war in Ukraine. When I think about our team, along with their families, what comes to mind are words like admiration, courage and heart. Please know we're in constant communication with those on the ground.  And we continue to provide resources and financial assistance as the safety and security of those in Ukraine is our top priority. At Jabil, we're one corporate family with people located all over the world. And despite the physical distance between us, we'll always face difficult situations together. To all of our employees, thank you for being servant leaders, thank you for your spirit and thank you for looking after one another.  Let's now turn to Slide 6, where we'll take a look at our second quarter results. Q2 was another strong quarter, both top line and bottom line, driven by double digit revenue growth year-on-year and exceptional execution, respectively. Altogether, the team delivered core earnings per share of $1.68 on revenue of $7.6 billion, resulting in a core operating margin of 4.6%, a 40 basis point increase year-on-year.  All-in-all, I'm pleased with the quarter as our performance during the first half of the year gives us positive momentum as we push towards the back half of fiscal '22 and into fiscal '23. And when I think about a key catalyst driving our momentum, what comes to mind is the makeup of our commercial portfolio, which I'll now address on the next slide.  Slide 7 is a wonderful picture which shows the construct of our portfolio today. Jabil's large scale diversification serves as a solid foundation from which we run our business. The team has built this foundation over the past five to six years as we target new end markets and optimize our legacy business.  The output of this effort is twofold; one, a higher level of resiliency across the company and two, a substantial presence in secular end markets. Markets that include 5G, electric vehicles, personalized healthcare, cloud computing, and clean energy.  If we dissect the pie chart a bit differently, with an emphasis on financial contribution and economic relevance, we see a terrific blend of reliable margins and sustainable cash flows. Again, a real tribute to the diversified nature of our business today. Lastly, if we look at a third dimension of our portfolio, we find a library of essential capabilities; capabilities that allow us to simplify the complex for many of the world's most notable brands. And when done correctly, our unique set of capabilities offer Jabil a real competitive advantage, as we lean into a massive market where things need to be built and supply chains need to be developed or modified.  Moving on to Slide 8, you'll see management's outlook for the year. We've increased core earnings per share to $7.25, an increase of nearly 30% year-on-year. As for revenue, FY '22 now looks to be in the range of $32.6 billion, up more than 10% year-on-year.  In addition, we remain committed to delivering a minimum of $700 million in free cash flow for the year, while increasing core operating margin to 4.6%, a 40 basis point improvement year-on-year. For me, this is a positive testament on how the team is managing the business, as our strategy has been consistent and what needs to be done is well understood throughout our company.  With that, let's move to my final slide where I'd like to start with the importance of our purpose. At Jabil, with purpose comes expectations; expectations around certain behaviors, behaviors such as keeping our people safe, servant leadership, protecting the environment, giving back to our communities and offering a workplace which encompasses tolerance, respect and acceptance.  Within Jabil, these behaviors have never been more important than they are today. I'm proud of our team as they fully grasp our purpose. And in doing so, their conduct is exceptional. In closing, our improvement is steady, commercially, financially and operationally. Quite simply, here at Jabil we build stuff and we do it really well.  One factor that makes good companies great is having a value set, a culture, if you will, that enhances the way in which they solve problems. As a team, we embrace this as we take on the challenges put forth by our customers each and every day. To our entire Jabil team, thank you for making the Jabil Jabil.  I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Mark, and thank you for joining us today. I'm really pleased with the resiliency of our diversified portfolio and the sustainable broad-based momentum underway across the business, as several of our end markets continue to benefit from long-term secular trends. As Mark just summarized, our Q2 results were very strong. During the quarter, revenue, core operating income, core EPS and free cash flow, all exceeded our December expectations.  Given the higher revenue, I'm particularly pleased with our ability to drive an extra 30 basis points of margin improvement compared to our expectations in December, mainly through broad-based trends in several key end markets benefiting from long-term secular trends, as well as outstanding execution by our business, operations and supply chain teams. For the quarter, revenue was approximately $7.6 billion, up 10.6% over the prior year quarter and ahead of the midpoint of our guidance from December. The additional upside was mainly driven by our 5G and cloud businesses, while our automotive, healthcare and retail end markets remained very strong.  Our GAAP operating income during the quarter was $313 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.51. Core operating income during the quarter was $344 million, an increase of 21% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 4.6%, up 40 basis points over the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.68, a 32% improvement over the prior year quarter.  Now, turning to our second quarter segment results on the next slide. Revenue for our DMS segment was $3.8 billion, an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis. The solid year-over-year performance in our DMS segment was broad based with strength across our healthcare, automotive and connected devices businesses. Core margin for the segment came in at 5.1%.  Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $3.8 billion, an increase of 19% on a year-over-year basis. The strong year-over-year performance in our EMS segment was also broad based with strength across our digital print and retail, industrial and semi-cap and 5G wireless and cloud businesses. Core margin for the segment was 4%, up 90 basis points over the prior year, reflecting improvements and solid execution by the team. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. In Q2, inventory days came in at 86 days. The sequential increase in days was driven largely by two factors. Firstly, the ongoing tightness in the supply chain continues to weigh on our inventory balances. It's worth noting that we've offset a portion of these increases with inventory deposits from our customers, and these deposits reside within the accrued expenses line item on the balance sheet. Net of these inventory deposits, inventory days was 71 in Q2.  And second, at the end of the quarter, we experienced a timing difference on the sell-through of finished goods within our DMS segment. I anticipate this timing difference to reverse in Q3. In spite of these two factors impacting inventory, our second quarter cash flows from operations were very robust coming in at $246 million and net capital expenditures totaled $201 million.  From a total debt to core EBITDA level, we exited the quarter at approximately 1.3x and with cash balances of $1.1 billion. During Q2, we repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares for $145 million. And for the year, we repurchased 4.4 million shares for $272 million as we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders.  Turning now to our third quarter guidance on the next slide. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 17% on a year-over-year basis to approximately $4.2 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 11% on a year-over-year basis to approximately $4 billion. We expect total company revenue in the third quarter of fiscal '22 to be in the range of $7.9 billion to $8.5 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $300 million to $360 million, representing a core margin range of 3.8% to 4.2%. At the midpoint, this is an improvement of 20 basis points over the prior year and down sequentially reflecting planned investments in our Q3 quarter.  It's also worth noting, sequentially in Q4, we expect robust core margins driven by our scaling automotive business, along with typical seasonality in our mobility and EMS businesses. In Q3, GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $276 million to $336 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.40 to $1.80. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.24 to $1.64. The core tax rate in the third quarter is estimated to be approximately 21%. Next, I'd like to take a few moments to highlight our balanced portfolio of businesses by end market. Today, the outlook for our business is strong, with end markets across both segments continuing to benefit from multiyear secular trends. We believe these markets will continue to drive our growth as we concentrate our efforts on long-term secular growth markets with strong margins and cash flow dynamics.  Markets such as electric vehicles, personalized medicine and healthcare, semi-cap, clean and smart energy infrastructure, cloud, 5G infrastructure and the associated connected devices. Our electric vehicle business in particular continues to outperform in spite of global supply chain issues as the transition to EV accelerates.  We've seen this rapid acceleration manifested in top line revenue growth in excess of 50% this year alone in our automotive end market. We're also expecting double digit growth for the healthcare, automotive, retail, industrial and semi-cap and 5G wireless and cloud end markets. And importantly, the broad-based growth associated with the secular trends is expected to drive solid year-over-year core operating margin and free cash flow expansion.  All-in-all, our performance during the first half of the year gives us excellent momentum as we look to close out another strong year. We're now anticipating core EPS will be in the neighborhood of $7.25 per share on revenue of approximately $32.6 billion. Notably, this incremental revenue will improve mix and drive operating leverage, thereby giving us the confidence to raise our core margin by 10 basis points to 4.6% for FY '22, as we continue to drive the organization to 5% and beyond.  Importantly, for the year, we also remain committed to generating in excess of $700 million in free cash flow in spite of the higher revenue and associated working capital. We've been working extremely hard as a team to expand margins and drive strong cash flows. I'm very pleased with our team's exceptional execution of our strategy on all fronts.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. Before we move into the Q&A portion of the call, I'd like to remind our participants that we cannot address customer-specific or product-specific questions. Thanks. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citigroup. Your line is now live.
Jim Suva: Thank you. Congratulations on the results and extremely strong outlook, despite all the uncertainty in the world. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of confidence or conviction about the operating margins and sustainability. Of course, your full year guidance increase is so big you have to assume the operating margins continue to see the strength. So I'm just curious, is that due to mix or the location and visibility from customer contracts that you're getting or the value added or maybe a combination of all, but if you could just pontificate a little bit on operating margins and your confidence in the sustainability of them? Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Jim. I think the overall margin profile, if you just go back to, let's say, pre-COVID to fiscal '19, we were running the business at around 3.5% margins. And our focus at that point in time was really about reshaping the overall portfolio and a big focus on diversification in both top line and bottom line. I think the team did a really nice job of that over a four, five-year period. And then starting in fiscal '21, so last year, we really started taking that portfolio at scale and focusing hard on the margin side of the business, largely around costs and optimization, while still being what I think is very competitive in the marketplace in terms of our pricing. This year, we've taken margins up. I think September, we said margins would go up to 4.5% from the 4.2% last year. And then this morning, we're taking it up another 10 basis points to 4.6% for the year. I think the main catalyst driving it is our execution has been outstanding and I think sustainable. I think the overall platform around the operational network, the tools, our IT systems also sustainable, and the advances we've made there are terrific. And then lastly, and maybe most importantly is, is just the overall portfolio that we have, Jim, when we think about how diverse we are, when we think about the contributions of the business, we look at the blend between automotive and transportation, healthcare, connected device, mobility, digital print, retail, industrial, cloud, 5G, networking, semi-cap, et cetera. It's just a wonderful, wonderful book of business today. We think that will continue to scale. And as I said, at some point in the last 18 months or so, I really believe as this business continues to get beyond $35 billion, $37 billion, $40 billion, we're going to effort internally to run the business at five points of margin on the operating line.
Jim Suva: Thank you, and congratulations to you and your team.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Two questions, if I could. First of all, just building off of that last answer, Mark, can you help us conceptualize a little bit how you're growing at scales so quickly, the challenges there given the global footprint that you have and managing the programs into, like we're talking about 8%, 10% growth off of $30 billion, $35 billion type of sales base? And then secondly, how is your global footprint? Maybe a better way to ask this, can you give us an update on your global footprint and how maybe it's changing versus what you would have thought six or nine months ago? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Okay, there's a lot. Let me try to break that out. So if I think about growth at scale, which I think was the first part of your question, I think -- I'd break that up to say, one, the team as we went through, diversified the company and really were able to step back once we got to what I'd maybe call significant scale. The team, call it a little bit of luck, call it some good planning, call it a lot of thoughtfulness, we have really, really been fortunate to get into some, like really substantial, very real secular markets. And I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about things like electric vehicles, personalized health, cloud computing, clean energy, et cetera. So strategically, the way we run strategy in the company is not so much top down, but through each of our sectors. And that's where our experts are. So the last two, three, four years, we've done a really nice job of placing our bets from a revenue perspective into some pretty powerful secular trends. That's number one. Number two is, we continue to pick up market share. So sometimes it's always difficult when people are trying to triangulate our numbers to current macro situations because what ends up getting left behind is, is the market share gains. And I think in my prepared remarks today, I think I used a term like massive. The market's massive and there's always going to be a need for things to be built and supply chains to be reconstructed. And we're pretty good at both of those things. And then lastly, is just the continued growth that we've seen, what I'd say more of our core legacy business has been strong over the last 18, 24 months. So I would say those are the catalysts. I don't foresee the company -- as we get to $35 billion, $37 billion, $40 billion, I wouldn't imagine the company is going to continue to grow strong double digits. But at least, as we look at the horizon, I think the company is going to grow nonetheless over the next three to five years for sure. In terms of footprint, our footprint's exceptional. And whether we look at cutting Southeast Asia, China, Europe, Brazil, Mexico, U.S., again, when I -- this common theme -- and I know it sounds redundant, but this common theme around diversification, we think about diversification in so many different ways and a subset of that is certainly our overall global footprint. Today, our big focus, economics aside, of course, is our footprint in Eastern Europe. And as I said in my prepared remarks, our hearts go out to everyone there at the moment on the ground, because what they're going through is horrific. And that's where a lot of our thoughts and time are spent over the last couple of weeks. But of all the things I worry about, or said differently, the things I feel good about on our footprint, I feel very, very good about where our footprint is today, Steve.
Steven Fox: Great. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe I'll build on some of the prior questions and say that Jabil's performance this quarter is impressive and you raising the guide annual by 800 million, $0.70 is impressive given what's happening with the supply chain and logistics costs and oil prices and geopolitical stuff. So can I ask you maybe what gives you the most concern when you look into the second half of this year, fiscal 22? And what happened in the past 90 days that is giving you confidence to raise the annual guide, or was your prior guidance just too conservative?
Mark Mondello: Yes, I'm hesitating because I'm thinking. I'm always concerned about a lot of things all the time. There's a war going on. And obviously, that's a concern. And for me that concern is, this will be the third time I'll say it, right, is really about the well being and the safety and security of our people. And I don't know how to say this. But in terms of a pure financial economic perspective, that doesn't give me a lot of concern. Saying that though, I do want to emphasize it's a bit heartbreaking to me and very emotional with that situation over there. And it has our full attention. So I would say supply chains, we tend to navigate that as good as anybody at the moment. Does that give me concern through the rest of the fiscal year? Maybe. A collapse in the macro in the very near term? Not so much. Inflation? I think we're managing that quite well. And I would say, I don't know, there's been a dust up here recently with some more COVID issues in Mainland China. And Ruplu, I would say we've been dealing with that literally like firsthand since the issues in Wuhan in January of 2020. And when I think about our campuses and places like Wuxi and Weihai and Huangpu and Shenzhen and Shanghai and Tianjin and Chengdu, we got a great team over there. We've been navigating that quite well. So as we think about the balance of the year and maybe first part of '23, as we sit today as a management team, we got pretty good confidence in the guide for the balance of the year and the beginning outlook for '23.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that, Mark. Can I ask about maybe if you can give us an update on your capital allocation priorities? Specifically, when I look in the past, you've focused on smaller tuck-in M&A. But given valuations have pulled back, do you see the possibility of any larger M&A? And how would you contrast that to the possibility of a dividend increase or a focus on buybacks?
Mark Mondello: Okay. So I'll split that into two. We're always out in the market shopping. We do a very nice job I think in terms of small M&A. I would say our focus is going to be on maybe further transactions that look a little bit like the JJMD transaction in terms of big brands getting out of manufacturing. That would be one area we continue to spend quite a bit of time on. Small M&A around capabilities, I wouldn't imagine anything too sizable in terms of direct M&A just because even with the recent correction in the U.S. equity markets, the prices are still quite high. And then if I think of the other derivative of capital allocation in terms of buyback and dividend, we're still -- we've got authorization out to complete our $1 billion buyback. And if there's any benefit whatsoever in the recent equity market corrections is the fact we're out in the market buying back our stock. So I think today with the outlook for the business over the next couple of years, where I think we're headed, what we could do in terms of margin, what we could do in terms of some continued growth, I think buybacks make a lot more sense than any type of change to our dividend. I do believe at some point in time that a well thought multiyear dividend plan will make sense, just not now.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that. And if I can just squeeze one more quick on in for Mike, looks like inventory was up 15% sequentially. But you are maintaining your free cash flow guide of 700 million plus on higher revenues and earnings. So can you just talk about your CapEx requirements for this year? I don't know if you mentioned that on the call yet. And how should we think about the cash conversion cycle and the cadence of free cash flow? Thanks for all the details. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Ruplu.
Mike Dastoor: If you go back a couple of years, we were in the 3% plus range for CapEx. Over time, we brought it down to about 2.6%. I feel pretty comfortable with that level. Obviously, revenues have gone up a little bit. At the start of the year, we said about 825. Maybe that's now 850-ish. So we're still maintaining that 2.6% CapEx level. And our free cash flow yield is something we focus on quite a bit. We're not where we wanted to be and we'll be taking it up slowly through the next few quarters and get in the 50% range at some point in time. And that's what the management team is focused on.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thanks and good morning, everyone. Mark, I had a couple of questions regarding your segments. If you look at your forward guide for FY '22, it looks like you're taking up the 5G wireless and cloud segment and industrial and semi-cap segment fairly significantly. Could you give us color there, specifically on the 5G and cloud? Is that from both segments or are you still seeing more strength on the cloud side versus 5G?
Mark Mondello: It's both. I mentioned earlier in the last response about the good fortune we've had with really, really smart people in our company at a sector level that really, really understand the end markets. And much like we did with personalized healthcare per se, much like we did with electric vehicles, our focus on kind of the networking, cloud, 5G wireless part of our business got us integrated heavily into the 5G rollout. So that's starting to pay good dividends in terms of growth. And then, I don't even remember the timeframe, but it was around the same timeframe when we did the JJMD deal because I remember talking about both of them together. Our team has come up -- or did come up and is executing to an asset-light cloud configuration type of service in region that has just been adopted and performing quite well. So I would say, when you see -- I don't remember the exact numbers, but I think what we said at the beginning of the year was the 5G wireless business would be around 5.5 billion, something like that. Last year, it was just over 5 billion. And I think we're now saying it will be bumping up against 6 billion. It's equally split. And then I think your other comment was around industrial and our semi-cap business. Again, that's very broad based. So again, if I look at our industrial, semi-cap business a couple of years ago, it was sub $3 billion and now that business will be bumping up against $4 billion. But I wouldn't want to break that out just because the contributions or everything from semi-cap to solar to light industrial, heavy industrial, it's sprinkled across that whole sector.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. Thanks for that color. And just as a follow up just regarding the supply constraints that everyone is seeing. Jabil seems to be managing it as well, if not better, than any of your peers. Are you seeing any signs of ease in terms of supply opening up, particularly the legacy semiconductor parts that seem to be hard to get, any signs of relief there?
Mark Mondello: Let me start with your last part first. I think when it comes to what you'd characterize or think about as legacy semiconductors, it's still challenging when I step back though and I look at the whole business in terms of Jabil. So this isn't a proxy for maybe the market per se. I'm talking about strictly what we use, what we consume, our supply chain across mobility, connected devices, EVs, healthcare, packaging, digital print, retail, the whole deal. I believe that we started talking last fall that we thought with our team, the supply chain issues might start showing some improvement in the springtime of 2022. So that's kind of where we sit today. And I think we're starting to see some relief. I would say the overall supply chain challenges, again, whether it's raw metals availability, and I'm strictly talking about continuity of supply, have gotten moderately better. I would probably take legacy semiconductors and still put that in the bucket of constrained. Although with our relationships, we tend to be managing that quite well as well. I would also, maybe from a relativity standpoint or a contextual standpoint, suggest that the current guide that Mike gave and the $7.25, I think we've done a pretty good job of contemplating all the supply chain issues and events in terms of weaving that into our guide for the balance of the year.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Congratulations on the good results and thanks for taking my questions. I was first hoping to talk about the inventory. The company talked about carrying some additional inventory and also taking some deposits from customers to help manage that. Would you say that the extra inventory you're holding, is some of that strategic buffer inventory that customers are compensating Jabil for to hold some extra stock or is this also partly an incomplete kitting issue?
Mike Dastoor: I think it's all of the above, Mark. Obviously, we have some kitting issues that drives the inventory up. There's a little bit of buffering. There's a little bit of strategic hold. And that's where we offset it with the inventory deposits. So depending on how we're balancing our inventory numbers, the deposits do offset a considerable amount. I think I talked about 86 days. It sounds like a very high number. But if you take the inventory deposits out, it's about 70 days. So I think, overall, am I worried about the inventory? Not so much. I think we're having a temporary tightness in the supply chain, which is causing some of this. I also talked a little bit about -- there was a little bit of a timing difference in our DMS business with the launch of new products. I fully expect that to reverse in Q3 as well, and that's what gives us confidence to maintain a 700 million plus free cash flow number as well. So overall, a little bit of a challenge right now in inventory. Am I concerned mid to long term? The answer is no.
Mark Delaney: That is helpful, Mike. Thank you. And then my follow up was on the China region and the operational situation there given the rising COVID cases. And you touched on it a bit already, but could you comment more about to what extent any of the Jabil facilities are having to take shutdowns? And if so, do you have an expectation for how long those could last? And then on the related topic, to what extent are other companies that are either suppliers or customers are you seeing any indirect effects from shutdowns in the region on your business? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think it would be neglectful to suggest that's not a risk. Again, we've got a great global footprint, moving stuff in and out of China. We've done that as efficiently as anybody. But in terms of in-region or in Mainland China, it's a risk. And I don't want to make light of the risk. But again, it's something that we've been handling in terms of quarantines, dormitory quarantines, campus quarantines, different province quarantines, city quarantines for two years. And at least as we sit today, this time doesn't feel any different. I think where probably the biggest risk is, is when I think about the stringent protocols that Jabil uses on our own campuses. I feel very good about how we're managing the situation. I think the bigger risk element would be the greater supply chain, getting materials in and out of campuses and/or logistics, et cetera. As we sit today, assuming that there continues to be pockets of COVID and it's not extensive in terms of timing of shutdowns, all of that's been considered in our numbers. If the COVID issues inside of Mainland China were to get maybe a magnitude more severe than -- again, that's certainly a risk for consideration. But as we sit today, we're two years in. I've got a lot of experience dealing with it, got a great team on the ground there. And again, if things stay kind of like-for-like as they sit today, we'll be fine through the end of the fiscal year.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Melissa Fairbanks from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Melissa Fairbanks: Great. Thanks, guys. Congrats on a great quarter and guide. I was wondering if you could give a little more detail on expectations for core margin per segment. I think we all saw the press release on stepping up hiring in the healthcare business. Just wondering how that's flowing through margins or if that's not yet expected to impact them?
Mark Mondello: Sure. Well, I think on one of the slides today that was posted or shown during the call, if you look at the green box, which we talk about as kind of our diversified manufacturing business, I think what we're suggesting there is, is collectively that group of businesses will run on the core margin line around 5%. And then the blue box on what we characterize our EMS business is running about 4%. Both of those margin, call them goals, targets, or guide, both of those I think on an annual basis -- and again, if I go back 15 years, those are probably the strongest margins we've posted in terms of as we bifurcated the business, EMS, DMS. We don't break out margins in terms of I think both the green box, the DMS box; and the EMS box, the blue box. Each of them have four sectors defined, and we share kind of the revenue trends there. But we don't break out margins. And again, maybe at some point, we'll start breaking those up. But today, we don't.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay, great. Thanks. And then finally, on inventories, you noted ex-deposits, your inventory days are running around 70 days. Can you give us a comparison what that number was last quarter, or maybe historically what that number has trended toward?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I would say, all-in-all, whether you look at the gross line or the net line, we're probably 12 to 14 days of additional fluff with overall inventory. And as Mike just commented on, we're not overly concerned about that. The balance sheet is in great shape. And we think in the relative near term that corrects. And again, I think our goal internally is, at a minimum, to take that down by 12, 14 days.
Melissa Fairbanks: Okay, great. Thanks. That's it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So just on the market share gains you mentioned, is this more from Asian-based players or some of your domestic peers or both, and then scale players versus more fragmented smaller players? And what are some key factors that are kind of closing those deals for you?
Mark Mondello: Again, it will sound redundant, but it's kind of -- it's across the board. And again, I just think that the market is so sizable and we've just gotten pretty good at kind of pulling together the IT solutions, the product design solutions. The way we're performing and executing on the factory floors, I think it's been a testament to our supply chain folks the last two years in terms of how they've navigated the market. And I think, all-in-all, I'd characterize that as people see Jabil as a safe pair of hands. And I also think there's not much good that's come out of COVID. But one of the things COVID has done is really have companies sit back and give much deeper thought to their overall supply chain strategically forward-looking. And I think, all-in-all, that's what's generated a lot of the conversations in terms of market share gains. I wouldn't want to sit and handicap whether it's Asian-based or domestic-based or European-based. I think it's across the board.
Paul Chung: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then just on the strong free cash flow guide, most of the strength there is from earnings, which is great. So how big of a drag in your view is working cap for the fiscal year? Just want to get a sense for more normalized free cash flow, which hopefully reverts later this calendar year and into kind of next fiscal year. Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: So Paul, when we started the year, I think we guided to 31.5 billion of revenues. We took that up to 31.8 million. And now we've taken it up to 32.6 billion. So there's been a decent amount of growth in our revenue numbers. That obviously drives a higher level of working capital. But we've managed -- we've worked out how to manage working capital really well as a team. We feel confident with our 700 million free cash flow. In fact, I think we might be able to deliver a little bit more than 700 million. I think the inventory probably normalizes not fully by the end of the year, but a little bit. I think I mentioned it's three or four days of inventory due to timing differences. I expect that to reverse completely in Q3. And overall, our collections, our AP payments, et cetera, give me full confidence in the 700 million plus of free cash flow.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you. Thank you for your interest in Jabil. This now concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-12-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Jabil’s First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin
Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil’s first quarter of fiscal 2022 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call is Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today’s call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks we will be referencing slides. To follow on with the slides, please visit jabil.com within our investor relations section. At the conclusion of today’s call, the entire call will be posted for audio playback on our website. I now like to ask that you follow our earnings presentation with the slides on the website beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements including among other things those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected second quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecast and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified on our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, I’d now like to shift our focus to our strong quarter and outstanding results. First off, the team delivered $400 million of core operating income and roughly $8.6 billion in revenue, resulting in a core operating margin of 4.7%. These results were primarily driven by broad base strength in several key end markets, including healthcare, industrial and semi cap and of course, mobility has customary for our first fiscal quarter. And finally, it's worth noting that our team was able to accomplish all of this in spite of the chaotic global supply chain environment. In summary, we delivered strong results, grew in key end markets, and successfully navigated a dynamic global supply chain, clearly demonstrating the power of Jabil by way of our scale, tools, team and relationship. In a few moments, both Mike and Mark will provide more details on the quarter, while also addressing our improved outlook for the year. But before I hand it over, I'll pass along some thoughts from Jabil’s procurement and supply chain team, as you may find it helpful when modeling our year. In short, demand continues to outstrip supply, particularly as it relates to semiconductors and issue that has persisted since 2019. That said, Jabil continues to leverage best-in-class tools and relationships to maximize our allocation and keep the factories in production to the best of our ability. So far, we have been extremely successful, and we would like to thank our supplier partners for their continued support and commitment to Jabil. As we move ahead, we anticipate continued supply chain challenges, which have been incorporated in our guidance similar to previous quarters. We do expect some relief towards the back half of the fiscal year, but the general consensus is that demand will remain ahead of supply for the next six months. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Adam. And thank you for joining us today. As Adam just highlighted Q1 was an exceptional quarter. The team delivered strong results on three fronts; revenue, core operating income and core diluted earnings per share. Our results were better than expected due to a combination of continued end market strength and excellent operation execution by the entire Jabil team along with lower tax and interest expense. Net revenue for the first quarter was $8.6 billion, up 9.4% over the prior quarter. GAAP operating income was $350 million, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.63. Core operating income during the quarter was $400 million, an increase of 9.6% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 4.7%. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.92, a 20% improvement over the prior quarter. Now turning to our first quarter segment results on the next slide. Revenue for our DMS segment was $4.7 billion and increase of 11.1% on a year-over-year basis. The strong year-over-year performance in our DMS segment was broad based, the strength across our healthcare, automotive and mobility businesses. Core margin for the segment came in at 5.4%. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $3.9 billion, an increase of 7.4% on a year-over-year basis. For stronger year-over-year performance in our EMS segment was also broad based with strength across our digital print retail, industrial and semi cap and 5G wireless and cloud businesses. Core margin for the segment was 3.8%, 40 basis points higher than the prior reflecting solid execution by the team. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. In Q1, inventory days came in at 66 days decline a five day sequentially. The management team continues to be fully focused on this metric, particularly in the current environment and I expect over the medium to longer term our inventory days to normalize below 60. Cash flows used in operations were $46 million in Q1, and net capital expenditures totalled $73 million. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels to approximately 1.3 times and cash balances of $1.2 billion. During Q1, we repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares or $127 million. Turning now to our second quarter guidance on the next slide. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 4% on a year-over-year basis to $3.8 billion, while EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 14% on a year-over-year basis to $3.6 billion. We expect total company revenue in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 to be in the range of $7.1 billion to $7.7 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $290 million to $350 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $266 million to $326 million. Core related earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.35 to $1.55. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.39. The tax rate on core earnings in the second quarter is estimated to be approximately 24%. Next, I'd like to take a few moments to highlight our balanced portfolio of businesses by end market. Today, both segments are in incredibly good shape. In September, I highlighted several long term sustainable secular trends in strategically important end markets, such as healthcare, automotive, cloud, semi cap, 5G infrastructure and the associated connected devices along with power generation and energy storage. For the remainder of FY 2022 and beyond, we continue to expect these secular trends to drive strong growth. Our electric vehicle business in particular continues to outperform in spite of global supply chain issues, as the transition to ED [ph] accelerates. And importantly, a broad based growth associated with the secular trends is expected to drive solid year-over-year core operating margin expansion in both segments, all of which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver strong financial results for FY 2022. And a balanced capital allocation framework approach is aligned and focused on driving long term value creation to shareholders. I would like to wish each and every one of you a safe and happy holiday. Thank you for your time today. And thank you for your interest in Jabil. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Mike. Good morning. I'll begin today by thanking our folks here at Jabil for making safety, their personal priority. I'd also like to recognize their hard work and tireless commitment, which drove solid results for our first fiscal quarter. Again, thank you. Before I get into my prepared remarks, I'd like to wish all of you a safe and peaceful holiday season. With that, let's move to our next slide. Where I'd like to expand on what Mike and Adam addressed in their prepared remarks. Not only did our team deliver a favorable first quarter, but the diversification of our business was fundamental to the results. With each sector having a material contribution in the solutions we offer our customers and with each sector having a material contribution to our financial results. Specifically, the four sectors in our DMS segment focus on margins while offering reliable cash flows. While the four sectors in our EMS segment focus on cash flows, while offering reliable margins, a perfect complement as the well diversified construct of Jabil continues to drive our execution. If we dig a little deeper, we find secular trends embedded within certain sectors. Secular markets, where we now play and have a substantial presence. We believe these markets will drive our growth, with the overwhelming majority of such growth occurring organically, as we placed our attention on secular opportunities, opportunities such as 5G, electric vehicles, personalized health care, cloud computing, and clean energy. Furthermore, our commercial portfolio is intentional, and we think quite special. Each slice of this pie harbors domain expertise, affording us an essential collection of valuable capabilities. Although what's most impactful is the way in which we merge these capabilities with precision and speed as we serve our customers. Our approach is further enhanced by seamless collaboration across the organization combined with our unique Jabil structure. And when done correctly, we simplify the complex for many of the world's most remarkable brands. And we do so as we lean into a massive market where things need to be built, and supply chains need to be optimized.  One of the key outcomes of our approach is the fact that with each passing year, our results become less dependent on any single product or product family, which improves our resiliency, especially during times of macro disruption, and cyclical demand. I'll now take you through an update to our fiscal 2022 financial plan where you'll see the continued earnings power of the company. We've increased core earnings per share to $6.55 for the year, up $0.20 from our September outlook. We've also increased revenue to $31.8 billion, up from our initial guide of $31.5 billion. In addition, we're committed to delivering free cash flow in excess of $700 million while maintaining a core margin of 4.5% for the year as we navigate this challenging environment. In concert with these strong numbers, please note that our path forward is well understood throughout the company. And what needs to be done remains crystal clear. Quite simply, what we're doing is working a positive testament on how our team is managing the business. Moving on from the financials, I'd like to talk about purpose. At Jabil, purpose serves as our guidepost. When we think about purpose, we think about our behaviors, behaviors such as keeping our people safe, servant leadership, DE&I, protecting the environment, and getting back to the many communities where we live. Please note that these behaviors as displayed by our team are exceptional. In closing, our improvement is steady and our strategy is consistent. And as a team, we value our role as a responsible and reliable partner to those we serve. All-in-all, I feel good about where we've been. But I feel even better about where we're going. In simple terms, at Jabil we build stuff and we do so really, really well. We also solve problems over and over again, that’s why we welcome the challenges put forth by our customers. To our entire Jabil team, thank you for making Jabil, Jabil. I want each of you to always be your true self without fear or anxiety as you care for one another. To everyone on the call today, I wish you a safe and peaceful holiday. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks Mark. Before we begin our Q&A session, I'd like to remind everyone on our call that we cannot address customer or product specific questions. Otherwise, we're now ready for your Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Good Morning. Thanks for taking my questions. You talked about component shortages. Is there a way for us to -- for you to quantify for us what was the revenue impact in the November quarter from component shortages? And what have you factored in for the February quarter? And how you see these component shortages lasting into 2022?
Mark Mondello: Hey Ruplu thanks for the question. I don't -- I don't know that we really look at it that way. How I would answer it maybe would be maybe getting away from Q1. And I'm not doing that for any reason other than I kind of think about the year a bit deeper. I'd say that we've taken the year now from 31, five to 31, eight. I think that's up from like 29 three last year. And I think we've done a really good job, spending a lot of time with our commercial folks, our operations folks, and our supply chain procurement folks. So I believe that we've handicapped supply chain properly, to deliver the 31 eight. I guess in an unconstrained environment. I don't know maybe the maybe the 31 eight would be somewhere 32 something in terms of top line. But again, I think we spend more time really kind of looking at our factories, looking at the looking at the pipeline of materials, and then a lot of communication and connectivity between our supply chain procurement folks, our operations folks and our commercial folks. So I think maybe the main takeaway is Simmons supply chain continues to be kind of bumpy and a bit unpredictable for the next couple of quarters. We believe we've handicap that properly to deliver the year, or said differently the 31.8 billion. In terms of when we see things getting better for -- I like the question because it allows me to give a shout out to our supply chain procurement team for what they did in, in in for 4Q of last year in Q1 of this year, in delivering the numbers, we overshot revenue by a 300 million for the quarter and a lot of that had to do with the whole team, but just tremendous work from the supply chain procurement group. I think that will continue to be in this environment and in one way, shape perform probably through the spring into early summer. But I think we start seeing things getting better six to nine months from now.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for the details on that Mark. That's, that's helpful. Mike, wanted to ask you on free cash flow looks like inventory was up 6% sequentially, after two quarters of I think it was double digit growth. And that's understandable given the component environment. But can you help us you've maintained the 700 million plus a guide for the full year. Can you help us think about the pace of free cash flow over the next two, three quarters? How should we think about which quarters are stronger which quarters are weaker?
Mike Dastoor: Ruplu, I've sort of moved in the same direction as in previous years and previous quarters. In past years, the trend will be pretty similar, the seasonality attached to our free cash flow. So that doesn't change much through these times. We do expect the supply chain constraints to open up a little bit. And in Q4, I think the cash flow will be a lot higher. So I think overall, similar trends to last year with a slightly stronger performance in Q4 is the best way to model that group.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, and maybe for my last question, Mike, if I can just ask you. How should we think about your capital allocation priorities? Specifically, if you can talk about how you're thinking about buybacks versus, maybe M&A. And also the tax rate was a little bit lower this quarter than expected. How should we think about that for the full year? Thanks so much.
Mike Dastoor: Sure Ruplu. So we have on buybacks, we have a billion dollar authorization. I think we still have about, I think it's about 830 million of that authorization left. We’ll continue to be well balanced in our capital allocation. I personally feel the stock is still highly undervalued. So buyback will be an integral part of our capital allocation framework. M&A, as we've done in the past Ruplu, we've done tuck-in, M&A’s capability driven M&As. And I think in September we highlighted a little bit of a capital allocation framework there as well. At this stage, no changes to that M&A, tuck-ins will continue as we as we progress through the year.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: And on the tax rate, any guidance for the full year?
Mike Dastoor: Tax, so for Q2, I think we've said 24% in that range Ruplu the reason it was it was good as purely because of the mix, issue. income coming through in different jurisdictions where in 30 countries, so there's a lot of moving parts, but in that 24% range, should be to be a good guide for now.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great. Thanks for all the details and congrats on the strong execution.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is come from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Question for Mark. When all of this hit with COVID, and before that even trade wars, we're talking 2,3,4 years ago, there was discussions about your customers, maybe changing the sourcing of where they're going to actually have you do the work for it and not be as concentrated to mitigate risk. Just curious as we roll it forward now, several years has a lot of that materialized? Are they still in discussions? Is it off the tables? Or has it already come to pass? Or some of it has and some of the still being talked about. I was kind of curious about, how that all ended up because we've been in a world of trade wars, uncertainties, COVID, and supply constraints now for a couple of years and just kind of wonder what the materiality of, of actions from your customers. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. Trying to figure out timeframe. Let's keep with the three to four years you talked about. I'd say that -- I'd say for the last, I don't know, dozen years, we have a bunch of tools that have kind of migrated from manual tools to more digital tools to more data analytics as the company's matured and advanced forward, but tools nonetheless, where we've always gone from kind of manual spread sheets to the new digital tools in terms of optimizing supply chains for customers. Kind of the thesis of your question, though, around trade wars and tariffs and geopolitical issues and risk and COVID this and other issues. I would say that in the last 24 to 30 months, there has been a heightened sensitivity in terms of working with customers on a proactive basis to be sure that their overall supply chain manufacturing solutions are optimized derisks and as well as supportive with backup plans. So as an example, one of the things we talk about a lot is I think there's a huge advantage of building stuff when you have scale. And then you have diversification either top line or, or factories around the world. Today we're sitting in a in a really good place, because a lot of our customers put a lot of trust in Jabil. And we do the vast majority of their work. And even though they're inside a Jabil, we can provide fabulous redundancy plans if, if things go a bit sideways. So I'd say Jim, some of the things that you alluded to have been very real catalysts to, to maybe increase the priority in terms of supply chain and where we build stuff. And then the other neat thing about our tools today is with the advancement of the data analytics, and how we're positioned in the supply chain, both front end and back end, we also spend a significant amount of time with customers today, mapping their entire supply chain. So from the from the most basic precious metals through components, consideration to design, where the product is going to be manufactured, and then how it's going to be distributed. So I'd say all-in-all today, it's perpetual, I don't think it's ever done. But I think to your point, we've done an awful lot of work. And there's been a lot of prime catalysts for that type of work to be done. And I think overall, we do a pretty good job in that area for our customers.
Jim Suva: Thank you for the details and happy holidays to your team and congratulations.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim, you as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks very much for taking the questions. I have two, maybe starting on margin, if I could. So if you could comment a little bit on how you're thinking about the sustainability of margins. Obviously, you got to fiscal 2022. But over the longer term, and on the one hand, the company has been having to deal with supply chain costs COVID. And some of those challenge but also I’m getting questions from investors about whether or not factory utilization is perhaps some unusually high when we think about how strong global demand for goods has been in some of the government stimulus programs that have been in place. And so any thoughts you can share on the puts and takes and sustainability of margins over the longer term please?
Mark Mondello: Thanks Mark. I think that let me start with factor utilization. I think factor utilization in 4Q and Q1 was mixed and choppy. We had and the biggest issue there is again, the supply chain dynamics. So I wouldn't conclude, I wouldn't conclude that any portion or a material portion of our results was due to hype or factory utilization. In fact, I think it was maybe a little bit of the opposite. So let's just call that let's just call that maybe a very slight net negative through Q1. And yet the results I think we’re very, very good. If I then move, if I then move through, maybe the back half, somehow we've posted Q1, we've given you a fairly explicit numbers for Q2. If I think about the back half of the year, as I think about margins, I think the back half of fiscal 2021 margins for the whole company were around 4%. If I think about the back half of 2022, the overall margins for the company are going to be 30, 40 basis points greater than that. And I think that's a good indication of the composition of the business mix today, and where we're focused. And one of the things that we did in the slide deck today and the prepared remarks between Adam, Mike and myself is we're reinforcing the 4.5% for the year, by the way, when again, a decent portion of the year is going to be fraught with supply chain challenges. So that's up 30 basis points from last year, which last year was I think, a pretty good year for us. And I think where you're going is beyond this year, I don't want to get into too much speculation about where the business might be going in 2023 and 2024. Although, I made a comment sometime, I don't remember when sometime in the last 12 months or something like that during the JPMorgan conference, the question came up, and we were going back and forth, talking about kind of the midterm outlook for the company. And I suggested that, we were a company where we focus the vast, vast majority of our growth organically. We're not big on big M&A deals. And if that continues, and we continue to be successful in the marketplace, I do think we're on a trajectory where margins can be above the four and a half, I think maybe next step would be 46, 47. And, our internal efforts are going to be around running the company at 5% on the income line.
Mark Delaney: That's really helpful. I appreciate all the thoughts on that Mark. My follow up was about an award, the company just received the optical business unit. So I was awarded some recognition for one of its sensors. And so when you could speak a little bit more on what that business unit is doing, because I know it's, behind a lot of the different products areas, and perhaps where you're seeing the best growth are some of your optical and essential technology.
Mark Mondello: Well, I think we've -- if I choose to go all the way back to I go all the way back to, to an acquisition we made that has been proven quite good for us, both in knowledge in terms of R&D, which is active alignment on sensors, as well as optics. And we think that's, we think that's a really nice tool to have in our toolset because it cuts across so many different end markets. It's everything from consumer on kind of the consumer robotics side. It's in retail in terms of our robots in terms of the retail space. And it's certainly helping us in terms of autonomous driving in and the EV market. And they are also using it in some areas of industrial. So I think that when I think about I think in my prepared remarks, I'd talked about kind of how we weave together kind of a library full of capabilities, the act of alignment sensors, and optic sight is, is important part of that. And again, we like it because it's not pigeon holed into one particular business or one particular sector. It cuts across probably 50% of our eight sectors. So it's something that can be leveraged quite well.
Mark Delaney: Thank you. Congratulations on the good results and happy holidays.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thank you. And good morning. My first question Mark is just regarding your guidance for DMS in the quarter up 4% year-over-year yet you're guiding more than 10% for the fiscal year. Is that just a reflection of a pronounced seasonality in the mobility business? Or do some of the supply chain constraints and expectations of that improving through the year also play into that?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Matt, can you help me a little bit? So the 4% being what if I heard you correctly? You talking about -- You're not talking about op margin? You're talking about growth? Venture my growth rate for on the Q2?
Matt Sheerin: That's right.
Mark Mondello: Okay. When you started, I was getting a little bit confused on whether you were talking about the…
Matt Sheerin: I was talking about the growth about a year-over-year growth.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think that's, I think that's based on two things. I think it's largely based on I think that there's distortion in the comps year-on-year because last year with various product roadmaps and whatnot in DMS. They were a little bit different. And so I think the year-on-year comps are a little bit distortive. I would say if I back up and open the aperture a little bit who I really like. I really like the DMS construct and aside from the Q2 year-on-year comp, we still think and I think it was shown this way on the blue green slide that our DMS business is still going to grow 10% And that's at significant scale. So I appreciate the question because it is a it is a it is a one off I think every single quarter this year we'll be bumping up against double digits except for Q2. And again, largely due to the fact that I think Q2 of 21 was a little bit of an odd comp.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, that makes sense. And then I wanted to just ask about the auto business. You're one of the few companies actually taking auto numbers up, despite the on-going supply constraints. And I know there's a lot of momentum in EV. So could you discuss Jabil’s position there, your areas of expertise and how you may be differentiated from competitors?
Mark Mondello: Yes, well, first off, I'd give, I'd give all the credit to the, the real cool part about Jabil is, is at an enterprise level, what we do is, in terms of our path is pretty, pretty, pretty simple. We build stuff. And, and we got the company broken up into eight segments. As you see, every time we get on one of these calls, or an investor day. And the strategies, the strategies are bottoms up, which I think is different than a lot of companies. And I love I love the I love the strategy that's been put in place with our automotive and transportation group. And it started a number of years ago, and they became hyper focused on a belief in electric vehicles. And we're starting to see that moving forward. I think that even with even with component constraints, through the back half of 2021, and certainly through a portion of 2022. When I when I when we meet with that group, we handicap it. We've got the -- supply chain dynamics going on, we're still looking at an auto, automotive and transportation, growth rate year-over-year north of 40%. And I think that I think that has to do with our solution set. I think that has to do with some very deep relationships we built in the EV space. And I think we're continuing to add to that and continuing to diversify that business. But all-in-all, as we sit today, our automotive business, if you go back to, let's say fiscal 18, 19, it was about $1.5 billion business. And we think going forward, that will be a $3.5 billion, $4 billion business for us. And again, I think it's a reflection of the service offerings and largely in the EV space.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Fox: Hi, good morning. Two questions from me. First of all, I'm just curious, like, with new variants of COVID, how you budget that into different factory attendance, utilization going forward. It looks like maybe you could have more people with COVID, hopefully with less serious symptoms, but they'd still be out of work for a little while. And then secondly, Mark, the healthcare business is turning into this boring, but very nice growth business. I'm just curious where you think you are on the on the margin trajectory, whether it is for the margin upside, and anything you would highlight in the quarter? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. First off, we hope to see you down here in Tampa, I think you're I think your team's playing in the Outback Bowl. So let us know if you're, if you're going to pop down in terms of in terms of gear, in terms of your question. The COVID situation, our team's done a first rate job. We, as we as we were going through the back half of 2021, we had, we had cases, largely driven on the Delta variant all over the world. And we were able to serve our customers do so really, really well. Not without some pain points. But again, I don't like to, I don't want to I don't want to start with our financial results. I want to start with the fact that we did a great job serving customers and an outcome for that was through it all, fiscal 2021. And for that sake, fiscal 2020. I think we navigated everything quite well, especially considering our geographic region and the scale of the company. As we sit today, more with Omicron I, let's keep our fingers crossed that maybe it appears to be a bit more contagious. Maybe not as severe time will tell. But we continue to do a really, really nice job in terms of managing that as well. As we think about some of the disruptions we had in Southeast Asia disruptions are still there but not to the magnitude that we've seen in the past. So fingers crossed. As we think about China, Mexico, U.S., and Eastern Europe, as we sit today, disruptions on a relative basis. So let's just say, let's just say for the last 18 months of hard, hard COVID, we see some periodic issues, but disruptions, I think, today are less than they've been in the last 14, 18 months. We continue to promote vaccinations around the world. We continue to promote booster shots. We continue to try to provide those on site. We sat in a status meeting last week, where as we get to the end of this calendar year 70%, 75% of our employees will be vaccinated. So I think that's helpful. I think we drive a lot of awareness. And then we also have very discipline protocols inside of our factories, mass or otherwise. I think all that is, is helping and, again, let's, let's keep good thoughts about, about this next derivation of, of the virus and, and hopefully, as we get into Calendar 2022, it will be manageable, like it has been the last couple years. In terms of our healthcare business, I would, I don't know that I'd call it boring. I think, I think I take that term as a positive where I take boring as consistent and reliable. And, boy, if that's the context to which you're for that. It, I think it's spot on. Here's a business where in fiscal 2019, we thought we would do about $3 billion in the healthcare space, we overshot that by $100 million $200 million. And in 2020, and 2021, we grew past $4 billion. And, and our healthcare and packaging business, as we reflected today, the beginning of the year, we thought we would do about $5 billion. And those numbers are holding. And by the way, that's with the handicap on the supply chain dynamics, and what the team's doing there has gone so far beyond base electronics, when you think about all the things we're doing in the pharma space, when you think about what we're doing in terms of precision machining, and then also next evolution, 3D printing in terms of orthopaedics, it's, it's really, really fascinating to me. So it's an area of our business that gets a lot of attention, both internally and externally. And it's very, very material to the next couple of years for the company.
Steven Fox: Great, that's really helpful. Happy holidays.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please proceed with your question.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much, two for me as well. I guess the first is, in conversations with several companies that cover the managements are talking about looking to longer term contracts with the supply chain, sort of changing the, the discussions they are having to lock in business on a longer term basis. So I'm curious if you've heard that I know some of this is component based, but I think it also just goes to broader supply chain challenges. And I don't know if you can talk about it, but I'm curious, what percent of revenue is sort of locked in for a given quarter, at the start of the quarter, or maybe when we think about guidance for the full year. What percent of the year is locked in on the first day of the fiscal year? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Shannon. I would say on the speculation or rumors or fact that you're hearing in terms of people locking in allocations, both component and then maybe capacity for Jabil. I -- we sit kind of in the middle of all of that. And as I mentioned on one of the prior questions, I think a lot of our customers do a really nice job. They do things independent. We do things independent for them, and we bring our thoughts together. And then we have a lot of relationships where we work all of this collaboratively. And by the way, that's becoming more and more because of our tools. And I would say that with this most recent supply chain disruption has driven is there is a significant amount of activity going on today, where we’re already modeling, what if scenarios, and demand planning, which would result in allocation for late calendar 2022, and into the first half of 2023. So I think that people are trying to get out in front of it. Again, we're doing a lot of what if scenarios, and I think people are trying to do a better job with forward looking communication in terms of [Indiscernible] their overall demand and their needs, maybe 18 to 24 months out where maybe previously, for some companies, it might have been more like six to nine months out. And again, I think some of the data analytic tools are helping with that. In terms of, what percentage of our revenue is booked or secured going into a quarter. I would say, I don't know, 98% of our revenue going into a quarter. So as we're sitting here today. So here we sit on November, whatever today is 16, into our 2Q. And let's just say 95%, 98% of the revenues booked, it's just a matter of execution. And that's not always so simple. But I think we do that pretty well. So I think a very high percentage, as we have calls giving guide for the quarters. I think where some of the distortion comes in relative to Jabil is I think we tend, I think we've proven that we tend to be a bit conservative, sometimes in the top line guide, where we try to handicap a little bit of everything. And we've kind of gotten into this mode where revenue comes in a little bit harder than we expected sometimes. And again, we're trying to get better at that. But in this environment, with things being so dynamic, I think we try to be sure we handicap it properly. And then Shannon, in terms of the year I would also say that maybe a critique [ph] of myself and Mike is the last couple of years feels like maybe we've been hypersensitive to handicap in the year because last year, from what we said at the beginning of the year, we ended up driving a bit higher revenue. I think the same was in 20. I would if I had to guess today because of the supply chain challenges, we probably won't have revenue run away from us, I think we feel good about the 31 eight, and it's some of the supply chain issues. Clear up faster, I think the 31 eight turns into 32 or maybe a little bit more. So all-in-all, with, with what we do how we do it, I think we're I think we're typically in pretty good shape for a quarter. And I think we do a pretty good job for the year on the top line.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you, that was really helpful. I'm wondering, from a bigger picture standpoint, from long term planning, I guess. Are there areas, once we get past, if we get past whatever we're going through in supply chain and COVID aware, there you're looking at big CapEx projects or new segments on technology. I'm just I'm wondering sort of, how you think about the next several years, or are you just extremely focused, as everybody is right now on kind of getting through this period of time. So I don't know maybe how you're doing long term planning in the days of COVID right now.
Mark Mondello: I'd start with the supply chain issues are going to, we're going to get to the other side of the supply chain issues. It's a matter of when, but that's 100% for sure. Because there's going to be normalization between demand and supply that's going to get remedied 100% fact just matter when. In terms of all the COVID thing, I don't know how that all ends, maybe we end up fortunate where ends up being flu like, and we just learned to live with it. So I don't want to speculate on that. In terms of how we run the business, I think, I think we run in a couple of different dimensions. We try to be again, we lead with obsessing around solutions and services for our customers and we believe that with the commitments we make to customers, those commitments are then rolled into a financial forecast and then we and then we handicap or haircut that a little bit with good management judgment. So if we if we continue to do what we say and deliver for customers, the financial results tend to be an output of that. And, and boy, we obsess about that on a weekly, daily, monthly basis in terms of maybe a little bit bigger picture on CapEx and whatnot, we're focused on we're focused on, there's an endless amount of things. When you think about how big the market is, in terms of building stuff, the market is just substantial. And so there's more stuff out there than we can possibly do, which I think is a good thing. And so, based on how the platform and the company looks today, and how well diversified we are today, and by the way, that wasn't the case, 10 years ago, we're really being disciplined in terms of what we do, why we do it starting with, do we add great value. And if we add good to great value, again, the financials are an outcome of that. And then from that, we also the next derivative of that is, is we do have an obligation both to ourselves internally, as well as shareholders in terms of margin construct, as well as cash flow generation. So those are the filters that we use in terms of, do we spend a lot of time thinking three to four years out? We do. But I think we start with the fact that with how we're positioned today, what we do for customers, all the customers that are out there, and again, in generally just how big the market is, in terms of things that need to be built. We don't obsess around the size of the market. We, I think that's going to be there. It's really about the makeup of the company, the margin structure, hopefully the advancement of margins, and then, and then we're going to be in really good shape if we continue to generate strong cash flows, because those cash flows continue to reduce our net debt position. And it gives us an awful lot of optionality in terms of capital allocation over the next three to four years.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And, great quarter looks like a record in, in revenue and operating profit, despite challenging environments, so great job there. Just to follow up on, customer premises on facilities, location. So what occurs when a customer decides to move a line from China or some other location in Asia, or even moved to North America, you can talk about kind of the incremental costs of that move, and how that gets allocated, you kind of pass on most of that cost to the customer, is this kind of a margin cash neutral move for, for the company? And are those discussions kind of accelerating? Or a lot of customers kind of in wait and see mode.
Mark Mondello: Thanks for the question, Paul. I think, I'd start with there's nobody better in the world. And I don't make bold statements like this. There's nobody, there's nobody better in terms of giving optionality to customers in terms of what geography their product gets built. And I say that largely because if we're not the largest, when it we’re one of the largest manufacturing services company in the world today with a broad based footprint, and the art around your question is really around the hard assets, our global footprint, the broad based nature of that footprint, and then the fact that we wrap really sophisticated IT systems around that footprint, in a very, very consistent way, which also is very unique, especially when combined with our ability and our scale. So and it's an on-going iterative process. So we talked earlier in Q&A around the fact that there's been catalysts over the last couple of years. Going back to when Trump was in the office in the U.S. and the geopolitical issues and the macro issues and the supply chain issues. So there's been some it's always been in our business. I think it's been maybe more prevalent the last 24 months, 36 months, something like that. But how it gets done is, is we're continually rerunning and re running and re running the data analytics for customers working side by side with them on an absolute scale in a perfect world, as we look at their product roadmaps and their overall endpoint consumptions, here's what an optimal supply chain looks like and there tends to be a lot of variables that are all different for each product that go into those models. And then we end up having great practical conversations with the customers. In terms of who bears the cost on that it depends. If assets are fungible, reusable, a lot of times that we’ll bear the cost and that. If assets tend to be unique, difficult to move, have to be recreated, redundancies needed, things like that, we end up having appropriate commercial discussions with our customers. But again, if one were to if one were to take a proxy or a wide range conversation with our customers in terms of this part of our business, I think it's something we do really, really well, I think it's very good value. And, and it also, overall, when companies do get concerned around backup plans or redundancy plans, knowing that this is an area that we do especially well, I think gives a lot of our customers good comfort.
Paul Chung: Thanks. And then last question, can you kind of provide an update on the pricing environment? You mentioned very strong demand ahead of supply. So are you kind of raising prices in certain areas? And then how's the competitive pricing environment kind of evolving, particularly with new customers? Are you seeing any acceleration of new customers as they want to kind of outsource the complexities of supply chain logistics, etcetera? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: I’d start first with I think during our investor day in September, I made a comment. I think I made the comment. Our organic pipeline today is substantial. So in, in answering your question in terms of are we adding new customers, we're always adding new customers. Again, I think that's a reflection of I think that's a reflection of the size of the market. But I think, again, if our pipeline, if our pipeline is call it $5 billion, $6 billion, $7 billion, organically we plan to try to confirm and book a decent portion of that for the next for FY 23, 24. In terms of, are we raising prices? I don't know that I look at it that way. The way I look at it is I think our margin expansion is not coming from anything to do with raising prices it has to do with the total holistic makeup of the company. What we are doing is, we're not in a high margin business, as all of you know. And we can't bear the cost when the macro, inflationary, transitory, permanent, whatever it may be. When hard costs start to move against us, I think we do a very good job of sharing that with our customers. And so I look at it more on based on the data, based on the macro, based on the facts we do a good job of sharing, increasing costs. I don't look at it so much as being out there raising prices.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. With that we do thank you and appreciate your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-09-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Jabil’s Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin
Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil’s fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 earnings call and investor briefing. We have a great session planned for you today. And as an organization, we are excited to provide you with a little extra detail about our business as typical for our September call. Over the next 60 minutes or so, we will review our strong fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 results, followed by yet another great outlook for fiscal 2022. As usual, you will hear from both Mark Mondello, our CEO as well as Mike Dastoor, our CFO. Along this journey, we will discuss our approach to the end markets we serve, the uniqueness of our supply chain solutions and the innovation underway within our global network of factories. Additionally, throughout our presentation today, we will do our very best to help you understand what makes Jabil so unique and so special. And we will kick that right off with the following brief video. [Video Presentation]
Adam Berry: Such a great video. As we all know, the world is complex and only getting more so each and everyday. But as Mark often says, our people are our greatest differentiator and that couldn’t be more apparent as you visit our global network of factories and meet the roughly 260,000 people that make Jabil’s foundation so strong. To our people, thank you again for all you do to help keep the world connected despite a seemingly never endless set of new challenges thrown your way. Our foundation is solid. Through over 50 million square feet of manufacturing space and a 100 plus sites, our people strive to make anything possible and everything better for over 400 of the world’s most recognizable brands. Our agility and global scale enable us to respond quickly and flexibly to meet customer needs in key end markets, like mobility, industrial and semi cap, automotive and healthcare, just to name a few. These wide-ranging end markets represent a diverse and thoughtfully designed portfolio that, over the years, has helped reduce volatility and improve the reliability of our financial results. To help illustrate our diversification strategy over the past few years, I’d now ask that you turn to the next slide, which shows our revenue growth and the end markets we serve. As you may know, the EMS industry has long struggled with customer concentration and this dynamic has created a lot of variability in operating performance from 1 year to the next. In 2016, our management team concluded that our model was missing an important characteristic if we were going to deliver upon our financial priorities consistently and sustainably. This important characteristic was product diversification. So, beginning roughly in the 2017 timeframe, we embarked on a journey to grow and diversify our business in areas such as 5G, cloud, healthcare, packaging, connected devices, automotive and semi capital equipment. As a result of our efforts to diversify the business, revenue has grown rapidly. And since 2017, we have added more than $10 billion in revenue across several key end markets. And it’s important to note this growth has been very intentional and focused. Moving to the right side of the chart, you will see the composition of our $29.3 billion in revenue and you’ll likely notice that no end market dominates our diverse portfolio. In each of these areas, Jabil partners with some of the world’s most recognizable companies to accelerate their speed to market through product engineering, supply chain design, and of course, manufacture. In healthcare, think of drug delivery systems, such as inhalers and insulin pens, diagnostics, medical devices, orthopedics and instruments that all meet exacting FDA standards. Our healthcare business serves programs and products with long stable lifecycles of 10 to 20 years with high cost of change, thus providing stable earnings and cash flows. In packaging, we design and manufacture highly engineered rigid plastic packaging for many leading consumer brands, bringing to bear capabilities in ideation, product design, material scientists and eco-friendly barrier technologies. Within mobility and connected devices, we generally focus on machining, tooling and molding of highly engineered plastic and metal parts, leveraging a strong product development skill set. In areas such as digital print and retail, we are focused on 3D print, large form factor printing and retail automation. And in industrial and semi cap, 5G wireless and cloud and networking and storage, we participate in the design, product development, industrialization and manufacturing of some of the most sophisticated tech products on the marketplace today. And then in automotive, the bulk of our business focuses on the electrification of auto supported by a nearly 10-year relationship with the world’s leading EV company. So, from mobility to retail automation to complex heavy industrial implement, Jabil helps customers navigate large complex material supply chains, while effectively managing change, mitigating risks and delivering quickly and efficiently. In summary, our business has grown rapidly over the last several years to serve a diverse blend of end markets that today are benefiting from long-term secular trends. And again, this gives us the confidence and comfort to not only provide financial guidance more than one quarter out, but also invest in things like factory innovation. And when you drill down one level deeper, you will again notice an incredibly diverse set of customers, representing some of the largest most innovative and successful organizations in the world today. This by no means is a complete list of the customers we serve, but it’s certainly impressive by any standard, especially when considering many of these customers rely on Jabil as the sole source for their products. I am sure most of you recognized some of our incredible partners such as Apple, HP, Ericsson, Amazon, Cisco, John Deere, Tesla and J&J. In all of our customer relationships, we are incredibly focused on delivering consistent value and reliable value from early in the product lifecycle, like product innovation and design to more mature products, where we offer planning, automation, supply chain management, and of course, manufacturing. At the end of the day, we build stuff at Jabil and we do it really, really well. This leads me to our financial priorities as a management team. We are squarely focused on three areas: expanding operating margins, increasing earnings per share and generating strong cash flows. In fact, this focus has been further sharpened as we have embedded core margins, core earnings per share and free cash flow within our short-term and long-term compensation programs as we believe this effectively aligns management and shareholders. And over the next several minutes, we plan to provide you with a credible plan to improve all of these three metrics in fiscal ‘22. Following me today will be Mike who joined Jabil in 2000 as a regional controller based in Hong Kong. Mike will walk you through our fiscal ‘21 results and our robust financial plan for fiscal ‘22. He will also spend some time highlighting our end markets and discussing some of the trends, which should drive our business for many years to come. Then Mark, who joined Jabil in 1992 as a manufacturing supervisor, will share some of the value that Jabil provides its customers through our people, our culture and our best-in-class manufacturing capabilities. Before handing the call over to Mike, I’d now ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with our forward-looking statement. During today’s presentation, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business in the first quarter of fiscal ‘22 and beyond. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Adam and thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Jabil. As Adam highlighted, our business model is fundamentally structured to deliver core margin expansion and strong predictable cash flows and our capital structure has been optimized to maximize our flexibility. This flexibility has enabled us to reshape our end market portfolio over the last several years and in the last 18 months, our strategy has been pressure tested and our diversified, well-balanced portfolio performed extremely well evidenced by our solid Q4 and exceptionally strong FY ‘21 results. In Q4, the teams in both segments successfully managed to navigate an incredibly dynamic supply chain environment. During the quarter, demand continued to be broad-based and robust, but revenue came in slightly lower than expected due to some incremental tightness in the supply chain, mainly in healthcare, industrial and cloud. This was partly offset by upsides in connected devices and networking and storage. Despite this, our core operating margin performance in the quarter was quite strong coming in at 4.2% and approximately 10 basis points higher than expected, a testament to our team’s execution in the quarter, solid cost optimization and our ever more resilient end market portfolio. In Q4, our interest and tax expense also came in better than expected, which when combined with the strong margin performance allowed us to deliver strong core diluted earnings per share in Q4, putting it all together on the next slide. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $7.4 billion, up 1% over the prior year quarter. GAAP operating income was $265 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.16. Core operating income during the quarter was $314 million, an increase of 23% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 4.2%, a 70 basis point improvement over the prior year. Net interest expense in Q4 was $36 million, and core tax rate came in at approximately 22.3%. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.44, a 47% improvement over the prior year quarter. Now turning to our fourth quarter segment results on the next slide, revenue for our DMS segment was $3.9 billion, an increase of 9.7% on a year-over-year basis. The strong year-over-year performance in our DMS segment was broad-based with strength across our healthcare, automotive and mobility businesses. Core margins for the segment came in at 4.1% 20 basis points higher than the previous year. Revenue for our EMS segment came in at $3.5 billion, down 6.4% and primarily driven by our previously announced transition to a consignment model. Core margin for the segment was 4.3%, up 120 basis points over the prior year reflecting solid execution by the team. For the year, our DMS segment revenue was $15.4 billion, an increase of 17% over the prior year, while core operating income for the segment was up an impressive 49% year-over-year. This resulted in core margins expanding 110 basis points to 4.8%, reflective of our improved mix. EMS for the year, core margins were also up strong, coming in at 3.7%, 100 basis points higher than the prior year on revenue of $13.9 billion. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet, net capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $202 million and for the full fiscal year came in better than expected at $793 million or 2.7% of net revenue. We sometimes hear from investors seeking clarification on our net CapEx, so I’d like to take a moment to walk you through the components. As a reminder, our customers sometimes co-invest in plant, property and equipment with us as part of our ongoing business model. We often pay for these co-investments upfront, which are then subsequently reimbursed to us by customers. The line item acquisition of property, plant and equipment on our statement of cash flows includes the full upfront payment made by us. The reimbursements by our customers are reflected as a sale of assets in the line item proceeds and advances from sale of property, plant and equipment on our statement of cash flows. The net of these two items reflects our true spend and what we refer to as net capital expenditures. In Q4, inventory days came in higher than expected at 71 days, an increase of 3 days sequentially, driven by the previously mentioned incremental tightness in the supply chain. While these higher inventory days may continue in the short term, we expect it to normalize below 60% over the mid- to longer term. The management team continues to be fully focused on this metric, particularly in the current environment. In spite of this, our fourth quarter cash flows from operations were very strong, coming in at $762 million. As a result of the strong fourth quarter performance in cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the fiscal year came in higher than expected at approximately $640 million. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.4x and cash balances of $1.6 billion. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.9 million shares, bringing total shares repurchased in FY ‘21 to 8.8 million shares or $477 million. This brings our cumulative shares repurchased since FY ‘13 to approximately 90 million shares at an average price under $27 a bringing our total returns to shareholders, including repurchases and dividends, to approximately $3 billion, reflective of our ongoing commitment to return capital to shareholders. In summary, I am extremely pleased with the resiliency of our portfolio and sustainable broad-based momentum underway across the business, which has allowed us to deliver exceptionally strong results in fiscal ‘21. Next, I’d like to take a few moments to highlight Jabil’s unique position across multiple end markets benefiting from long-term secular trends and the convergence of technology in our day-to-day lives. We believe these trends will continue to drive sustainable growth and margins across the enterprise in FY ‘22 and beyond. In healthcare today on the next slide, the industry is undergoing tremendous change due to rising costs, aging populations, the demand for better healthcare and emerging markets and the accelerated pace of change and innovation. Consequently, we’re witnessing healthcare companies shifting their core competencies away from manufacturing towards innovative and connected product solutions. We continue to be in the early days of outsourcing of manufacturing in the healthcare space. Our strategic collaboration, which we have highlighted in previous years has enhanced our credibility within the industry and has further enabled Jabil to benefit from this outsourcing trend. On top of this, we are also seeing the impact of connectivity, digitization and personalized care across healthcare. I expect these trends to accelerate over the next few years. Our deep domain expertise within the healthcare industry uniquely positions us to build technology-enabled products which help our customers excel in today’s evolution of healthcare, another end market experiencing a rapid shift in technologies as the automotive market. Climate change, fuel efficiency and emissions are ongoing concerns and regulatory policies worldwide are beginning to mandate more eco-friendly technologies. As a result, OEMs are making substantial investments into electrification efforts. The bulk of our automotive business is focused on electrification of cars, which we believe still has plenty of room to grow. Over the next 3 years, we expect the fastest-growing area of our auto business will be in what’s known as ACE: autonomous, connectivity and electrification. Today, electric vehicles account for a small fraction of total vehicles in the market, but the ED segment overall is growing rapidly and gaining a larger share of the total vehicle market. Jabil’s longstanding capabilities and over 10 years of experience and credibility in this space have positioned us extremely well to benefit from this ongoing trend. We are also extremely well positioned to build the infrastructure that will power tomorrow, be it cloud, semi cap, 5G infrastructure and the associated connected devices, all power generation and energy storage. 5G is expected to transform the way we live, work, play and educate. As the underlying infrastructure continues to roll out, 5G adoption is accelerating. Jabil is well positioned to benefit from both the worldwide infrastructure rollouts and with the devices, which will be needed to recognize the full potential of a robust 5G network. 5G is also accelerating secular expansion of cloud adoption and infrastructure growth. This, coupled with the value proposition, Jabil offers cloud hyperscalers is helping us gain market share in an expanding market, evidenced by the significant growth over the last 3 years. In power generation and energy storage, we offer differentiated solutions across the entire energy value chain from energy generation, power conversion, transmission, storage and metering to the management of power inside of homes and buildings. In this space, we serve a diversified set of customers across numerous markets, including oil and gas, wind, power inverters and converters, smart meters, smart grid communications, building automation, home automation and energy storage. As the convergence of technology in our day-to-day lives accelerates, demand for semiconductors has increased exponentially, which has generated a huge backlog in this industry. Jabil is well-positioned to help customers in the semi-cap space with end solutions spanning the front end with design and complex fabrication equipment along with the back end with validation and test solutions. So what do all these trends translate to in terms of Jabil? You can see our revenue growth expectations by end market in the coming fiscal year. In FY ‘22, in spite of supply chain headwinds, we expect incredibly strong growth in automotive and continued solid growth in healthcare and packaging, industrial, semi cap, 5G wireless and cloud. Today, both segments are in great shape. We’ve repositioned our business to serve critical and long life cycle products while also providing the foundation for predictable yet strong cash flows and margins. For FY ‘22, we expect both gross profit margins and core operating margins to improve 30 basis points over the prior year, mainly driven by our end market growth and improved mix of business. We also expect the investments to be made in areas such as IT, automation and factory digitization will drive improved optimization across our footprint, which will translate to higher margins. We expect these gains will be slightly offset by continued tightness in the supply chain, especially in the first half of our fiscal year. However, we are incredibly confident in our team’s ability to successfully execute in this market given our track record over the last several years. Key to executing amidst an incredibly dynamic environment is our expertise and the investments we made in our IT and supply chain. We’ve got the tools and technologies that allow us to progressively manage with analytics and data, some of the most complex supply chains in the world. This has certainly been evident over the last 2 years. Let’s hear from our supply chain leaders and how they’re executing for our customers. [Video Presentation]
Mike Dastoor: I would like to take a moment to thank the entire supply chain team from the leaders we just heard from to our teams in our factories who have helped our customers navigate through some very complex supply chains. Turning now to our CapEx guidance for FY ‘22, net capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $830 million or 2.6% of net revenue. This will come through a combination of both maintenance and strategic investments for future growth. Let’s talk about our maintenance CapEx for a moment. We now have 100 sites in more than 30 countries. At this scale, our factories require approximately $500 million in annual maintenance investments. Areas of investment are inclusive of IT and data analytics, automation and factory digitization, which will drive innovation across our footprint. This, along with upgrading of our equipment sets based on appropriate cost benefit analysis will improve first pass yields and help reduce ongoing maintenance costs. We are also investing in strategic growth in targeted areas of our business that are expected to deliver strong margin expansion and free cash flow. The bulk of our strategic growth CapEx will be in the healthcare, automotive, 5G wireless, power generation and energy storage, semi-cap and eco-friendly packaging end markets. All of this positions us well to deliver higher margins as highlighted earlier in my margin waterfall slide. Our improved profitability, strong operational performance and disciplined investments have yielded significant cash flows over the last few years which has allowed the company to strategically invest in higher return areas of our business. Moving forward, we expect to continue generating strong cash flows in spite of higher working capital associated with our robust growth in targeted areas I highlighted earlier. This is possible as a result of earnings expansion, along with our team’s disciplined approach and ability to execute. In FY ‘22, we expect to generate adjusted free cash flow of $700 million. As I mentioned earlier, we’ve intentionally targeted higher return areas. In doing so, we’re focused on end markets that offer higher profitability and good cash flow dynamics. This discipline has translated to much higher returns on invested capital. Moving forward, we will continue to prioritize investments in areas of our business with higher margins, which we expect will translate into strong returns. Another key aspect of delivering higher returns and delivering long-term value to shareholders is ensuring our capital structure is appropriately balanced and optimized. Over the last few years, our team has done an outstanding job of building a solid and flexible debt and liquidity profile with current maturities appropriately staggered and at very attractive interest rates. We ended FY ‘21 with committed capacity under the global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity, along with our year-end cash balance, Jabil ended the year with access to more than $5.3 billion of available liquidity, which we believe bodes ample flexibility. And importantly, we are fully committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit profile. Turning now to our capital allocation framework, in fiscal ‘22 and beyond, we expect to generate significant free cash flow. Given this dynamic, I thought it would be appropriate to reiterate our capital allocation priorities and at a high level, how we plan to deploy our capital over the next 2 years. As a reminder, in July earlier this year, we announced a $1 billion buyback authorization from our Board of Directors over the next 2 years. Our capital return framework beyond organic investments will continue to prioritize the commitment to our dividend, share repurchases and a combination of targeted M&A and capital structure optimization. Moving forward, we are comfortable with our ability to generate strong cash flows and will remain balanced and thoughtful in how we allocate our capital. Turning now to our first quarter guidance on the next slide, DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 10% on a year-over-year basis to $4.7 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to be $3.6 billion, consistent with the prior year. We expect total company revenue in the first quarter of fiscal ‘22 to be in the range of $8 billion to $8.6 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $365 million to $425 million. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $321 million to $381 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.70 to $1.90. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.40 to $1.61. The tax rate on core earnings in the first quarter is estimated to be approximately 25%. As we transition to my final slide, you can really begin to see the earnings power of a diversified and balanced Jabil. Today, our business serves a diverse blend of end markets in areas that provide confidence in future earnings and cash flows. We have deep domain expertise complemented by investments we made in capabilities. All of which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver 4.5% in core margins in FY ‘22 along with $6.35 in core EPS and $700 million in free cash flow. And importantly, our balanced capital allocation framework approach is aligned and focused on driving long-term value creation to shareholders. I’d like to thank you for your time today, and thank you for your interest in Jabil. I’ll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Mike. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I’ll begin by saying thanks to all of our employees here at Jabil. Thank you for hanging in there during these trying times. While never compromising the safety of our people, your attitude is amazing and your stamina is incredible. It was your collective body of work that drove the terrific results we just posted. Results you delivered while overcoming COVID quarantine mandates, supply chain challenges, factory inefficiencies and in many cases, a lack of face-to-face interaction. Fiscal ‘21 came in well ahead of plan, resulting in a core operating margin of 4.2%, all-in-all, a really nice year across all fronts. Today marks our fourth annual investor session a session where we take a little extra time to lay out the groundwork for the upcoming year. As you heard earlier from Adam and Mike, our business is strong and what we’re doing is working. Much of our progress comes from the construct and the pedigree of our company. So let’s start with our approach, beginning with diversity, equity and inclusion. We know that each employee is critical to our success and has the right to be treated with dignity and respect each day and every day. At Jabil, we operate our business in 30 plus countries. We employ people that don’t look the same, don’t talk the same. People that practice different religions, have different sexual orientations, people with physical limitations and neurodiversities. We understand that the current diversity of our team simply makes us better, but we have so much more work to do, and we’re holding ourselves accountable through actions. An example of the type of actions we are taking is the addition of our internal DE&I counsel, which was established in 2020, a 9-person council which guides us and advocates for the broader Jabil. We also co-chaired an external DE&I certification program. A program attended by 165,000 participants, of which the vast majority are in their formal certificates. And one other example is around the upcoming 2022 Special Olympics, where Jabil is a premium sponsor for the U.S. games. And the best part of our partnership with Special Olympics is that it offers our employees the opportunity to spend time with the athletes and their coaches. So in summary, our team continues to safeguard our work environment and does so with the acceptance of individual differences. A second aspect of our approach pertains to the area of ESG, where we aim to always do what’s right. Much like our effort with DE&I, our behavior around ESG is grounded on actions. An example of one of our actions is our greenhouse gas emissions, where our goal is a 25% reduction by 2025 and a 50% reduction by 2030. Another set of actions that we have underway are directed towards our heightened focus on mental health, a topic that impacts most all of us, either directly or indirectly. And one final action worth mentioning is our commitment to giving back. Our employees will look to complete 1 million volunteer hours in aggregate during calendar 2022. What a positive difference this will make throughout the communities where we work and we live. As you might sense, DE&I and ESG are important elements of who we are, and they set the foundation for our approach. Next, I’d like to talk about our solutions and how they are enabled by our structure, our investments and our customers. Our structure enables our collaboration, which allows us to move with precision and speed. Our investments enable our execution which allows us to take the ordinary and apply the extraordinary. And our customers enable our obsession, which allows us to solve the complex. So not to be overly simplistic, but at the center of Jabil’s core, we build stuff. That’s just what we do. Therefore, we will continue to be aggressive with our investments in the areas of factory automation, robotics and machine learning. And to help illustrate how we apply and leverage these investments, I’d now like to share a short video. [Video Presentation]
Mark Mondello: Thanks, JJ. Thank you, May. What powerful messages. And to all of our employees that spend long hours on our factory floor day in and day out, thank you. Thank you for taking great care of our customers. As we move to our next slide, you’ll see a colorful pie chart which illustrates the current makeup of our commercial portfolio. Today, our business is diversified and diversified at scale. This provides Jabil a real competitive advantage when we consider the performance and balance of earnings. I’d now like to go a degree deeper into the makeup of our business. These eight sectors exhibit the diversified nature of our revenue, with each sector having a material contribution to our results. We’ve been very diligent in pursuing the end markets we serve. We’ve also spent significant time successfully positioning the company to capture possible tailwinds offered by various secular trends. This portfolio is a wonderful mix of cash flows and margins. And for sure, the composition of our business is a catalyst for our FY ‘22 outlook. As we now look at our plan for fiscal ‘22, you can see the earnings power of the company. We look to deliver a core operating margin of 4.5% on revenues of $31.5 billion, a 30 basis point expansion when compared to fiscal ‘21. This translates to $6.35 in core earnings per share or 13% earnings growth year-on-year. In wrapping up our fiscal ‘22 forecast, I’d like to note that our strategy is well understood across the company and what needs to be done is crystal clear. If we take our FY ‘21 results and our FY ‘22 guidance and step back just a bit, this aperture suggests that what we’re doing is in fact working. This slide offers a fantastic backdrop to our ongoing story. All in all, I feel good about where we’ve been but I feel even better about where we’re going. Moving on from our financials, I’d like to talk a bit about our purpose. As a management team, we have a purpose that serves as our ultimate guidepost. Our purpose enables our path and does so with an emphasis on caring, integrity and proper intentions.  Speaking of our path, our path forward is formed by the beliefs shown on this slide. For FY ‘22, we will trust in these beliefs as we work to deliver to our commitments. For me, we will measure our success based on financial performance. But we will also measure our success based on keeping our people safe, customer care and improving in the areas of ESG and DE&I. If our team accomplishes all of the above, it will be another year of humble achievement. One additional thought as I wrap up my prepared remarks. As we consider our outlook for fiscal ‘22 and the current trajectory of margins and cash flows, it’s clear that our journey is nowhere near complete. In closing, we’ve made tremendous progress as customers and shareholders remain at the forefront of our actions. To our entire Jabil team, thank you for making Jabil, Jabil. Most importantly, I want each of you to always be your true self without fear or anxiety without harm or recourse. I’m honored to serve such a trustworthy team. With that, I’ll now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks Mark. As planned, we shared quite a bit over the past hour. To summarize, we began by describing how Jabil has undergone deep and sustainable improvements to its business model. And we highlighted the solid foundation upon which Jabil sits today. Then Mike walked you through our financial results and outlook, which demonstrate the strength of our portfolio, which has been structured to navigate varying fluctuations in demand while also benefiting from long-term secular tailwinds. And finally, Mark shared with you our unique approach, solutions, portfolio and path forward. These truly are exciting times at Jabil. I’d like to thank you for your time, and we appreciate your interest. Operator, we’re now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks and good morning. Mark, you talked about diversification into secular trends, auto, healthcare, cloud and I couldn’t help but notice reference customers like Tesla, J&J and Amazon. I was just wondering if you could maybe talk through the new customer acquisition efforts, the sales motion to perhaps leverage this reference customer list. And if you could maybe tap into pipeline and timing because I couldn’t help but notice over 40% auto growth expected in fiscal ‘22. I’m wondering if maybe there is some new logos in there? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. I want to get into – we just – over the years, we maybe right or wrong, we have a reluctancy or hesitancy to dig too deep into new wins and new customer wins. A lot of that is at the beck and call of the customers themselves. I’d say this just very rough math, right? If you look at kind of fiscal ‘19 to fiscal ‘20, we grew our top line at scale, like 7%, 8%. So in ‘19, we’re just a hair over $25 billion. We took the company to like $27 billion in ‘20. That was a COVID year, as everybody knows. Then we go from ‘20 to ‘21, we had another $2 billion of revenues. That’s another 7%, 8% growth at scale. And now if you take a look at the outline that Mike and I provided outlook for ‘22 is, call it, $31.5 billion. That’s another 7% or 8%. The vast majority of those gains from, say, fiscal ‘18 to fiscal ‘22 are organic in nature. And I would say that our organic pipeline continues to remain awfully robust. Again, we gave a lot of thought to the outlook and how we wanted to guide ‘22. We wanted to be sure we handicapped it appropriately for things like the ongoing supply chain issues. So I – and when you think about the growth rates on both Mike’s – I think Mike had three areas where growth rates were double digits. Automotive and transport or transportation was one, I think digital print and retail was one and then the healthcare area. So and then right behind that, we had other areas of growth of the eight sectors that were strong single digits. So I think maybe a way to think about that, Adam, is, I would say, our organic pipeline today on a gross basis is probably $4 billion, $5 billion. Again, as we think about fiscal ‘23 and the maturation and how long it takes to kind of germinate all those organic opportunities. But if we were to divvy that up, I think the – I think what you’d see is as we got pretty good growth across the board or at least six of the eight sectors. And I do think – I think I feel like the grossly overused term in the world today is the secular trends. It seems like it’s kind of like back in the day with IoT and digitization and other things. I think it’s used a lot. But I think Mike did a really nice job of hitting some secular trends that, at least for our business where we sit today are very, very real. And we think we will – all things being equal, will provide some nice tailwinds for us for the next 3 years.
Adam Tindle: Got it. That’s helpful, Mark, thanks. And just maybe as a follow-up, Mike, I wanted to touch on normalized free cash flow. I know you’re guiding to $700 million for the year. How much is related to supply constraint or working capital? Because I think if I back into your net income guidance, it’s over $900 million. So wondering how to think about normalized free cash flow?
Mike Dastoor: There is an element of supply chain constraints and the impact on inventory that’s included in that $700 million. I think you’ve got a – you’ve got to look at it from a growth perspective as well. We’re growing revenue by $2.2 billion over ‘21 to ‘22. That comes with associated working capital as well. So for us to go from 640 to 700 in spite of us growing revenues by $2.2 billion or [8%] (ph) it’s pretty healthy. And I think the management team is fully fully focused on free cash flow. So I feel good. We’re looking at working capital. We’re looking at CapEx. So it will be $700 million, can it go higher if things loosen their grip a little bit on the supply chain constraints? Absolutely. But at this stage, $700 million is a pretty strong free cash flow number, I think.
Mark Mondello: Adam, if I could interject, I think – and listening to Mike respond to that, if you do think about the growth we’ve been on largely organic, the working capital needs and then you do think we’ve gotten a little bit fluffy on inventory based on the supply chain challenges. As that stuff kind of plays out through fiscal ‘22, if we could imagine fiscal ‘23, there is an opportunity in fiscal ‘23 for us to deliver even stronger cash flows.
Adam Tindle: Yes, that’s exciting and we will look forward to that. Thank you guys, appreciate it.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Mark, you guys took a much earned victory lap on the diversification story with the presentation. So I was just curious, as we think about diversification going out maybe 2, 3, 4 years, how do you think your mix changes? And what would the impact be on operating margins? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: I don’t know. To try to speculate how it changes, I would tell you that – we have no intention of – we’ve been on a journey for 5, 6, 7 years. We’ve talked repeatedly about the fact that back 6, 7 years ago, and I think Adam alluded to it, which I really liked in his prepared remarks in terms of historically in our industry and the industry has changed substantially. But EMS companies would get overweighted on a single customer and I think with that comes to risk. I look at the job our team has done and it’s unbelievable in this one area for sure. And you look at that pie chart that we put up during the presentation, we think diversification is so important again, just because it absolutely drives resiliency. How that might look, how might that look 3, 4, 5 years from now? I can tell you that it will look however it needs to look for us to continue to drive margins and cash flows. And when you look at our business today and you go back to that pie chart in the presentation. There are some slices of that pie chart that deliver both margin and cash flows. There is some parts of that pie chart that deliver very strong cash flows and support margins. And then there is other parts of that pie chart that deliver really good margins and support cash flow. So when I think about the collective tie, if you will, boy, it has us positioned really well. And I do think that hangs with us for the next 2, 3, 4 years.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s helpful. And then just secondly, at the risk of using the word secular trend, but the 5G trend is pretty strong. But your connectivity and mobility markets, it doesn’t look like you’re looking for much growth this year. I was just curious if you could tie those points together and explain that a little bit more. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think there is a couple of things going on there. We’re – depending on whether you’re looking at a proxy of kind of ‘19, ‘20 to ‘21, ‘22 or you’re looking ‘21 to ’22, one thing that we’ve transitioned to in that sector is a consignment model, again, that should have – that will play out by the end of ‘21, early ‘22. So – and then overall, I think one of the things that’s going on in that marketplace is, I think we’re doing a very, very good job in terms of our solutions and services to hyperscalers and cloud. But the other thing that’s going on there is the – we were a very, very material partner in terms of wireless infrastructure. And so in some of that as infrastructure comes forward, there is going to be kind of a swap out or a conversion from legacy 2.5G, 3G, LTE, etcetera, to 5G. So on a net revenue basis, maybe the growth rates won’t be as reflective as maybe what you alluded to is, for sure, 5G cloud-based infrastructure, I would agree with you in I think it is a secular trend. But in terms of Jabil’s portfolio, there is going to be kind of a swap out or a conversion of hardware. So I don’t – I forget the number that Mike put up, but I think the growth rate in that area was like strong single digits, which, by the way, we really like. But I think that’s the main reason for it. We are we are positioned very, very well for anything to do with wireless 5G cloud infrastructure type of secular trends, we’re positioned very, very well.
Mike Dastoor: And Steve, if I could just add a little bit on the mobility piece. We’ve been pushing for diversification as a company. We’ve been pushing for diversification from a product standpoint, we think we’re getting there. We’re being extremely disciplined on CapEx and on our free cash flow. So I think the mobility piece, the lack of growth there is something we watch very carefully and it’s something we’re actually pushing towards.
Steven Fox: Great. Thant’s very helpful. Thanks again.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Suva: Thank you. Regarding the challenges in the supply chain, kind of where you sit today, is it kind of stabilizing a little bit or getting incrementally better or incrementally more challenged? And the reason why I ask is, hopefully, COVID at some point gets behind us. But you also now hear discussions about power outages in China and rating of power and things like that. Are those impacting you or – how should we think about that and relative to your outlook? Is it kind of the same amount of cushion or are you building in a little bit more? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. I don’t know where to start with that. I would say we’ve – as we’ve indexed through ‘21, you take a look at every single quarter, Mike and I get together along with Steve Borges, Mike Loparco, Kenny Wilson, our ops group, and we kind of hold hands, look hard, hard at the business. And then risk adjust accordingly, give guidance and then work really hard to deliver to our guidance and our commitments. I think we did that really, really well, Q1, Q2, Q3. And in fact, we kind of topped off revenue to the upside in each of those quarters. Q4, if I look back on that, maybe we should have risk adjusted a little bit differently back in June. But boy, we certainly felt good about our guide. And then what happened, Jim, is literally 2, 3 weeks after our call in June, the supply chain issues inside of our 4Q just we saw incremental tightness, and I think Mike used that term. And I think that term is very reflective of exactly the kind of the situation and the way the world look to us as we march through most of the fourth quarter as we sit today and we gave a lot of very, very careful thought in terms of our outlook for the $31.5 billion that we have in our outlook for ‘22 again, a 7%, 8% upside, the $6.35 in core EPS, again, a substantial uplift to the $5.61 for ‘21. The cash flows. And then I think as important or more importantly than any of those is the 4.5% margin and the trajectory in margins. We spent a lot of time talking through COVID variants. We spent a lot of time talking through every single element of supply chain risk, and we did our best to handicap that. So I – when does the fever break on that? It’s really hard to tell because I think it’s going to be a combination of the demand and the supply side. Does demand start to soften a bit? Does the supply start to strengthen a bit, and there is a significant amount of variables there. The way that we think about it is, we think our first quarter and second quarter of fiscal ‘22, we are going to still see tightness about equivalent to what we saw in the last 2 months of ‘21, so very tight supplying components Q1, Q2 of ‘22. We think that – our estimate is – and Frank Mackay said in our supply chain video that you just saw, I think our team is rated well to have strong opinions on the supply chain because of the 400 customers we serve, our geographic landscape and just the amount of overall parts we buy. I think that things will start to maybe move in a better direction as we get into the back half of $22 million we’re, by no means, suggesting that the supply chain is back to normalized levels by the back half of the year. But again, just to be repetitive because I think it’s that important. Q1, Q2, we’ve kind of handicapped those with the same level of tightness that we experienced in July and August as we rounded out FY ‘21. And we think things will get a bit better as we get into the back half of ‘22, if demand holds and we’re working through this solely on the supply side then I would think that we don’t see normal conditions in the supply chain until we get into maybe the first half of ‘23, the way things sit today. The one thing, Jim, and I think Mike said this in during his prepared remarks, when we showed the supply chain video, for us to have delivered a year in ‘21, where top line was up 7%, 8% in this marketplace. It’s congrats to the entire team. But boy, the job our supply chain folks have done in the last 6 to 8 months is outstanding.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details.
Mark Mondello: Yes. You are welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I think I heard in the prepared remarks something about a change in the compensation program to focus more on operating margins, cash flows and EPS. Mark, you’re guiding about 30 basis points improvement in operating margin overall for fiscal ‘22 and also to $31 billion plus in terms of revenues. But going forward, should we take this as an indication that there is more focus now on margins versus revenue growth? And in that vein, can you remind us what is the long-term range for margins for DMS as well as the EMS segment? I mean you are projecting 5% operating margin for DMS for fiscal ‘22. How much more upside do you think there is in that segment? And the same question for EMS, I mean, 3.8% margins in fiscal ‘22. How should investors think about the long-term range for that segment?
Mark Mondello: Okay, Ruplu, there was a lot there. Let me process for a second and figure out which order I want to try to address that. So, if I forget something, bring me back because there is a lot of content and a short question. Let me start with compensation. So, I think we are a company led by our Board and highly, highly supported by myself and Mike, where we have a huge belief in pay for performance. And I don’t know if Adam said change in comp or alluded to comp, and I don’t – I wasn’t listening that closely to that portion of his prepared remarks. But for sure, I think what Adam was communicating is when it comes to our leadership team and our management team, we absolutely want a significant amount of our compensation tied to the commitments we are making to shareholders and customers. And we have had that mindset for many years. I think that what you would see in the forward proxy, if I had to guess, is you will see another year where the commitments that we are making to everybody on this call and our shareholders specifically in terms of the 4.5% margin, the $700 million in cash flow and then the $6.35 in EPS. I think you will see those firmly embedded in our compensation plans. In terms of where margins might go, I think again, as we have talked about many, many times, starting 2 years ago, there is just a – there is an intense focus on we love the portfolio that we have. I will say it again, being well diversified with some of the greatest brands on the planet across eight different sectors has given us a foundation inside the company that we love. And with that foundation, it’s – I don’t know a goofy analogy would be built in the house. You can have a really nice kitchen and really firm walls. If you don’t have a firm foundation, it doesn’t last very long. And I think I would bring that up because our commercial portfolio, the way it exists today is really the foundation of the company. And then you add to it some of the things that we talked about in prepared remarks, you would look at our structure, you look at our team, you look at our approach. Those would be the walls and the trust is in the roof of the Jabil house. And from that, I think that we took margins up. We took – when we were building the foundation, our margin ranges were around – the core op margins were as an enterprise were around 3.5%. And we came into ‘21, in fact, it was a year ago now where we made a commitment and gave an outlook to everybody to say, we think we can deliver 4% this year, and we end up delivering 20 basis points higher than that at 4.2%. And now what we are sitting is, is saying, okay, we think we can stretch that 30 basis points in ‘22 to get to 4.5%. And again, I would suggest that all that’s around just the foundational strength of the company. Again, as well as solutions approach, structuring team. And then I said something in my prepared remarks around, I think we have got more to do and maybe there is two parts of that comment. For sure, we have got a lot of hard work ahead of us to deliver what I think is a very appropriate outlook for ‘22. So therefore, that’s kind of derivative number one of my comment on we got more to do. But a big part of why I made the comment on more to do has to do with fiscal ‘23 and ‘24. And I would like to see us and hope that we can keep the positive trajectory on margins and drive margins past the 4.5%. In terms of DMS, I don’t know, I don’t want to get into that breakdown now. I think your math is correct. And I validated the math on one of the blue green slides that I think the one I showed that we think diversified will be 5% this year. Given a range to that, I don’t know. We kind of have thoughts in our head and – but I look at the diversified groupings of businesses that Kenny and Steve run. And we have taken that from 3.7% in ‘20 to an outlook now of 5%. I think that expansion is tremendous. And then you look at our legacy business that’s run by Mike Loparco and his team, and we have taken that from 2.7%, and that’s all of EMS. That’s our former high velocity business, etcetera, etcetera. And now we have got an outlook of 3.8%. I don’t know if we get there in ‘22, but we keep doing what we are doing on the legacy kind of EMS side of our business, which, by the way, I think I am doing it a huge disservice to even use the word legacy because the business that we are running on the EMS side of the house today is distinctly different than it looked 5 years ago. But if things went right there, I don’t see any reason why we can’t run the electronics side of our business at 4%. So again, you kind of do the math on a weighted average basis and all that, and I think you get margins higher than 4.5% going forward.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great. I mean I appreciate all the details on that. So, thank you for that. For my follow-up, if I can just ask Mike, I think you guided another $330 million, I think for growth CapEx this year. Can you remind us like based on your existing infrastructure, how much revenue can that support today? And then once you have that $330 million of investment, what would be the max revenue that your infrastructure would be able to support? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Sure, Ruplu. So, the thing – we look at it from a different perspective, we look at it from an end market perspective because different end markets have different CapEx requirements. It’s not just about existing capacity and forward-looking capacity. I think we have been on a journey. We are continuing on this growth path, the secular trends are very much alive and doing well in Jabil. So, our growth CapEx in that 300-plus range is what will drive our capacity going forward as well. But it’s all over the place, Ruplu, is the simplest answer. It’s – I can’t put my hand on a particular what this capacity lapped or this will take us to x dollars of revenue.
Mark Mondello: Hey Ruplu, maybe I could interject. I think I know where you are going with some of that, but one of the things that we had some shareholders climbing all over us 5 years, 6 years ago on having strong opinions around our capital allocation, use of cash and some other things, and that’s how shareholders should be and will be. As I look at the landscape today, I don’t know of a time where we have ever been more diligent in use of cash both internal capital investments, OpEx investments and then returns to shareholders. So, here we sit in the current landscape. A few weeks back, we announced $1 billion, another $1 billion buyback. I think capital returns to shareholders will always be part of our plans in our plans, especially for the next number of years. And then I think about the processes we have inside the company today in terms of the diligence to which we allocate capital internally. And again, these won’t be exact numbers, but it will be directionally correct. We are going from maybe historics where I think our CapEx investments might have been 3.2%, 3.3% of revenue I think Mike had a chart there somewhere that shows CapEx as a percent of revenue down at 2.6%. And I see no reason why we might not even drive that a little bit or drive that a little bit lower. But the other thing that we look at is with that CapEx investments, with their EBITDA, etcetera, etcetera, again, the $700 plus million of free cash flow. And I believe Mike also shared a slide talking about our real ROIC on all-in investments is upwards of 30%. So, we feel pretty good about how closely we are watching each and every penny in terms of both OpEx and CapEx investments.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details and congrats on the strong execution.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please proceed with your question.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I just – the inflationary pressures that are out there right now and how you are looking at managing them, whether it’s headcount or commodities or logistics as you look to next year as well as going forward. How much do you think is transitory and how much you think is here to stay? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks for the question. It’s a complicated one, isn’t it? Think about half of the smart people that you listen to suggest it’s transitory and half of the smart people you listen to believes something different. I think the way we are handling it inside the company is we showed – I would start with, we showed three videos and one of the videos was around kind of the factory investments, automation, factory productivity. And I think factory productivity is something we continually focus on. When you think about the construct of Jabil today, you are talking about a company that has, I don’t know, 55 million square feet of factory space all around the world. So, driving productivity, driving cost optimization. It’s just what we do. It’s integral to what we do. It’s – and a lot of that effort year-in and year-out is to offset wage increase, inflationary costs. It keeps us competitive. It allows us to offer customers cost reductions when appropriate. We eliminate waste. But the other thing that’s happening with all of that is the fact that a big part of those efforts are also helping with our margin expansion. So again, I think it was my response to either Jim or Ruplu. We will continue to obsess about taking great customer – great care of our customers and at the same time keeping our people safe. That’s at the forefront along with the purpose that I talked about in my prepared remarks. If we do that, then I think the financial returns come along with that. But one of the things that adds a little bit of complexity to it is the dynamics around inflationary costs. I think that we have done a good job having long conversations around what we think those could be. How much of that will be offset by the factory productivity and cost management. I think we have been very aggressive going into ‘22 in terms of our base cost because that’s directly inside of our control. And again, I think that’s fully embedded in our FY ‘22 guide. What we are trying to do is we are trying to do our part in serving our customers in an environment that, at least currently has inflation embedded in it. Whether that goes beyond ‘22 or not, I don’t know.
Shannon Cross: Okay. Thank you. And then just one specific, I am just wondering, the 13% growth in digital print and retail, does that return to normal or what’s driving that? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: I don’t think it’s returned to normal. I think our digital – let me make a comment that will be inaccurate in some ways, but it will give you an idea of what I am trying to get at. A number of years ago, when we would talk about print as a business or a sector, you would think about print. So, you think about putting income paper and this out and the other. And by the way, that’s still a very important aspect to that business. But when we look at digital print and retail today, there is a reason that we use the term digital. I think I said earlier, it’s an overused term and so maybe we are overusing it too. But I think it’s so appropriate in this business sector from the standpoint of when we look at what’s in that sector today, along with whether it would be any type of office printing or large form factor printing. I also think about digitization and mobile printing. I think about scanners and printing in terms of factory efficiencies. If inflation is here to stay, factory productivity, warehouse productivity, retail productivity is going to be hugely important. Because dollar-for-dollar, all of that effort is going to help to offset passing on inflationary cost to customers, which for those businesses and those customers is going to be huge in terms of them protecting their cash flows and margins. So, we are doing a ton in that area. And then the other area is Fred McCoy and his team who oversee that sector of our business, they are doing a bunch of amazing things in terms of kind of the transformation going on in the retail space, in terms of automation. And again, overall productivity optimization and efficiencies, where the retail space connects with the consumer. So, those are the areas that are driving growth in that sector.
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. So, you called out healthcare where you are seeing acceleration from kind of a small penetration rate of in-sourcing. So, given the kind of attractive margin profiles there, do you expect to see continued structural step-up in margins as we look further out beyond ‘22 as this trend accelerate, given it’s kind of your second largest segment today? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Sure. So, are we going to see a step up in margin, I don’t know. What I believe is I think that there is a really good opportunity for a step up of margins. If we continue to do our job in the macro holds in blah, blah, blah, I think we are not done at enterprise level margins at 4.5%. And I think that you stated it. It’s interesting, isn’t it, that in FY ‘22, our healthcare and packaging business is now our second largest sector. Oh, by the way, that sector has doubled in size in like 3 years or 4 short years. So, I think this gives me a nice opportunity to give a shout out to Steve Borges and his whole team, what they have done there and then the contributions we are getting from our consumer packaging team. I think that – maybe Mike or Adam alluded to this. I think that there is a – maybe a newer found trust between the most awesome healthcare brands out there, whether it be diagnostics, whether it be pharma, whether it be med device, I think that whether it would be by the way, personalized health, personalized healthcare, on body diagnostics and tracking I think that there is a newer found trust with the capabilities that a company like Jabil has today, which again are night and day compared to what we were doing 6 years, 7 years ago, I think that trust will open up more and more conversation around opportunities where maybe they will look a little bit like what we did with JJMD. I think the other thing that plays well for us there is if you can imagine maybe hardware businesses that maybe we take our experience in connected devices and sensors and things like that, and we start leveraging those parts of our business, along with our wireless expertise, etcetera, etcetera, again for personalized healthcare, on-body health monitoring and again, individual medicine, I think that also is going to drive continued growth in the healthcare space for us.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. And then, Mike, on free cash flow, you have hit highest level in 4 fiscal years, despite some higher than usual working cap drag, nice guide for ‘22, and you mentioned some baked-in supply constraints there. So, assume kind of some working cap drag continues, if you could talk about the puts and takes in operating cash and your view on timing of normalization. Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yes. I think the – like I said before, I would really feel comfortable with the $700 million free cash flow guidance that we provided for ‘22. I think that discipline in our working capital discipline in our CapEx. All of that continues. Our earnings potential is extremely strong. Our revenue is growing by a couple of billion dollars and that comes with some level of associated working capital. I think over time, as supply chain constraints normalize, I expect the $700 million to go higher if that happens sooner rather than later. So, it’s – I think at this time, it’s appropriately sort of de-risked at the $700 million level. It can go higher if supply chain constraints ease earlier. And I think that sort of growth level would be possible beyond ‘22 as well.
Paul Chung: Great. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thanks and good morning Mark and Mike. I wanted to get back to an earlier question regarding your strong guide for automotive for FY ‘22, particularly against the backdrop of global production cuts due to the chip shortage. So, is this more of a function of new program wins with existing or new customers and is primarily around EV or are there other growth drivers there such as autonomous safety and entertainment or infotainment? And any color you could add would be great.
Mark Mondello: Well, I think you said it well. I think it’s all of the above. I mean it seems so incongruent that we can sit here in this environment and offer up a presentation, which suggests that our auto and transportation sector is going to go from $2 billion, $2.2 billion in ‘21 and be over $3 billion in ‘22. It may be lacks logic in this environment. But I think you said it well. I think, a, I would start with, we worked with Chad Morley and his team that run that sector and gave a lot of thought to how to handicap or risk adjust that for ‘22. We went through a lot of discussion points around supply chain risk. And for sure, there is risk around silicon and semiconductor supply chain headwinds in automotive as everybody on the call knows. But in doing that, we also looked at kind of our current relationships, new customer relationships. And again, I think a couple of the positive variables there is we started down a path probably 3.5 years, 4 years ago, where we over-indexed hard towards autonomous driving and maybe more accurately, electrification of vehicles. I think Mike had a slide during his presentation, and there is this acronym ACE that Mike alluded to. I have you go back and look at that particular slide because I think it’s – for a single slide, there is a lot there, and it’s very illustrative of the areas that we are focused on both from an engineering standpoint, a capability standpoint, a design standpoint. So, you take that slide, you combine it with some of the marquee brands that that I think actually Adam showed on a slide under automotive and transportation. And I think you shake all that up, and that’s what gives us the confidence that automotive and transportation sector will be over $3 billion in ‘22.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Great, that’s very helpful. And then just for my follow-up, regarding your outlook for the Networking and Storage segment, with your modeling down. Is that a function of end markets outlook or a function of you deemphasizing some programs as you are continuing to focus on higher value add, higher margin areas?
Mark Mondello: It’s both. And I don’t want to at all suggest that networking and storage customers aren’t higher value-add. I think that even though we are indexing networking and storage down I think from what was like $2.7 billion, $2.8 billion in ‘21, down to like $2.6 million in ‘22, that’s not a reflection of most of our customer relationships in that area. That sector is still extremely material for us. And more than anything, that sector, although margins arguably are very tight in that sector for us, it comes off of some of the long-lasting legacy brands. The cash flows on that sector are very good. And again, it has a very, very integral part to our overall composition and forward-looking for ‘22 and ‘23 in terms of appropriate contributions to the overall financial returns of the company. So, I think that kind of gives you an idea of why that might look like it looks.
Matt Sheerin: Got it. Thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: Yes. You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. A number of companies have talked about trying to improve the resiliency of their supply chains going forward in terms of inventory management strategies, adding new suppliers and so think there will be opportunities for Jabil as a result of that. Can you talk about to what extent you are expecting to see any benefits from some of those supply chain resiliency efforts in fiscal ‘22, or is the supply chain still so tight in ‘22 that it’s going to be hard to implement any of those sort of improvements and that’s perhaps more of an opportunity for Jabil in fiscal ‘23 and beyond?
Mark Mondello: I think in the near-term, there is little to no opportunities because we are scratching clan, fighting day in and pay out just to get the parts we need to build the products to hit our commitments. So, in the near-term, it’s kind of hand-to-hand combat and very tactical in nature. Oh, by the way, if we are going to be in hand-to-hand combat and it’s going to be very tactical in nature, I will take our supply chain team every day. So again, I think that’s kind of the – that’s kind of the fogginess on the horizon right now. And I think I alluded to it earlier, I think we are in that stage. Certainly, the first half of ‘22 could be a little bit longer. What I then think happens, assuming that the macro holds and assuming the world is still somewhat round and assuming that – because of that, there is still decent demand. Then maybe there is a little bit of an uptick as pipelines are getting filled as people think about supply chains, again, I don’t think it will be a good idea if the reaction to all of this. But we have been through this before. We went through the tech rec. We went through the financial crisis. We have been through these ebbs and flows. I think there will be maybe a period of time where there will be a rebuilding of inventory and maybe that provides kind of a small degree of upside over a small timeframe. But I think that I don’t think building inventory and having redundancies here and there are a good solution. I think a better solution is we invest, I don’t know the exact number, but we invest, call it, $250 million, $300 million of OpEx a year. And a portion of those investments are around very sophisticated supply chain tools, data analytics. And I think Jabil continuing to invest in tools like that. So that we can go back and challenge customers in terms of historical behavior, forward-looking forecasts and do it with kind of, again, data analytics and a higher degree of sophistication from an IT standpoint. I think tools like that will become more and more valuable. And then you add to it the fact that we are going to connect those tools to what we are doing in our factories in terms of machine learning, robotics and automation. And you think about that inside of a company like Jabil that will be bumping up against $34 billion, $35 billion in scale factories all over the globe. I think the way we are thinking about that, boy, we are going to be really well positioned to help a lot of the customers we serve in terms of how to further optimize supply chains going forward.
Mark Delaney: That’s helpful. Thanks. And for my second question was on the EMS segment margins in the fourth quarter. The company already spoke to the reasons for the strength in margins on a year-over-year basis. But I was hoping you could touch on the reasons for strength on a sequential basis, revenue was slightly down quarter-to-quarter, but margins were up nicely, maybe it’s the same reason around the inventory strategy with cloud, but perhaps something else on a quarter-to-quarter basis? And if so, I was hoping to better understand what it may be. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, sure, Mark. I think the year-on-year comp is distorted because Q4 of ‘20, we were still wrestling around with COVID stuff. And I think all our metrics in ‘20 were distorted to the downside. This isn’t intentional, but we have kind of – the way – this is more coincidental than anything. So, the way the construct of Mike’s and his team’s electronics business stacks up is, is the – it just aligns with the fact that our 4Q ends up typically being stronger for that part of our business. And that’s not an intentional thing. That’s just – that’s how we run our business from a bottoms-up makeup. So, I think what you are seeing – I think what you saw in the fourth quarter was just a repeat of, again, another strong 4Q by the electronics side of our business. And in fact, if you kind of map what we said for ‘22, we kind of gave you – we kind of gave you everything you need to map out Q1. If you think about the fact that we believe – and I think we gave you the full year. So, I think revenue for ‘22, first half to second half is going to be about 50-50 for the company. You will probably be able to get to some math that says, once again, we think our electronics business in terms of margin will be stronger in the second half of ‘22 and probably strongest in the fourth quarter. And again, that’s really just a makeup of customer sectors and markets and it happens to fall into our fourth quarter. What I am more interested in, for sure, is we have an electronics business that if you just go back to I don’t know, like fiscal ‘19, the electronics part of our business, the way we define it today was in the 2.9%, 3% range all in. And I am most interested in our ability to try to get that part of our business bumping up against 4% margins. By the way, and – the numbers that we just – we offered during the presentation, which also has a high degree of satisfaction, if we can execute because I think we gave you numbers that would suggest that, that part of our business is going to grow nearly 5% on the top line. And so with that growth, at that scale, if we can get that part of our business bumping up against 4%, boy, that does wonders for our overall portfolio.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And this does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. We thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-06-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Jabil's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil's third quarter of fiscal 2021 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with slides, please visit jabil.com with our - within our Investor Relations section. At the conclusion of today's call, the entire call will be posted for audio playback on our website. Before handing the call over to Mark, I'd now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website, beginning with our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected third quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by saying thank you to all of our people here at Jabil. Thanks for the attention you give to our customers and the care you offer one another. At Jabil, it’s people that drive our success, and it's these same people that truly make us who we are. Each day, they carry our culture, and they cement our values. Again, thanks to all. Please turn to slide five. We will now take a look at our Q3 financial results. The quarter came in ahead of expectations, driven by solid execution and a moderate uptick in demand. Said differently, we saw well-balanced contributions across the company. Altogether, the team delivered core operating income of $277 million on revenue of $7.2 billion, creating a core operating margin of 3.8% for the quarter. For sure, I'm pleased with these results. Although what's most interesting to me is the current construct of the business and the improvements we've made to our balance sheet. This powerful combination has us feeling confident as we look towards fiscal '22. As customary, Mike will provide more detail around the quarter and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks. Moving to slide six, you'll see a pie chart, a colorful chart that represents our commercial portfolio and underscores the effectiveness of our team. Today, our business is diversified, and it's diversified at scale, providing more resiliency than ever before. And in my opinion, it offers Jabil a real competitive advantage, especially when we consider our performance and the sustainability of the business. Furthermore, each individual piece of the pie harbors specific domain expertise and deep technical knowledge, all of which make up our library of essential and valuable capabilities. Add to this, the method in which our team weaves together these capabilities, it elevates the way in which we serve our customers, particularly when we move with speed and precision. This approach is enabled by our structure and open collaboration across the enterprise. And when it's done correctly, it yields a proven formula that allows us to simplify the complex for many of the world's most remarkable brands. With that, let's turn to slide seven, where you'll see management's outlook for the year. And looking at this slide, you can see the earnings power of the company and imagine our potential as we look to FY '22 and beyond. For this year, we now anticipate core earnings per share to be in the range of $5.50 on revenue of $29.5 billion. But most importantly, we're maintaining our outlook of 4.2% for core operating margin and increasing our outlook for free cash flow by 5% to $630 million. For me, a positive testament on how the team is managing the business. In wrapping up our forecast for FY '21, I'd like to note, when we communicate inside the company, our strategy is understood, and our path is clear. During these internal discussions, the thing that stands out to me is our team's obsession with how we produce outcomes. And when we think about the how, we think about our behaviors, behaviors such as keeping our people safe, servant leadership, ensuring a fully inclusive work environment and giving back to our communities. I'm proud that our team's dialed in on all of these areas. In fact, their conduct is exceptional. Consistent with the past few years, we're looking forward to hosting our Annual Investor briefing. This year, the briefing will be held on the morning of September 29. We'll open the session by reporting our fourth quarter and full year results. We'll then follow with a complete review of our priorities, and we'll connect the dots on how these priorities will guide us throughout fiscal '22. Add to this a discussion on end markets and our observations specific to the macro environment. Our management team will also share how we plan to expand core operating margin year-on-year. In addition, we'll also describe the hard work put forth that reinforces our goal to deliver double-digit growth in core earnings per share and free cash flow for fiscal '22. In wrapping up the September session, Mike will break down the shape of the year and share our capital return framework for the coming one to two years ahead. We have lots to share, and we have a good story to tell. As we transition to my final slide, I'll once again say thanks to our team. Their efforts over the past two to three years have allowed us to reshape the business as we've targeted growth in select markets. A few examples of these markets are areas of 5G infrastructure, electric vehicles, personalized health care, cloud computing, clean energy and eco-friendly packaging. I really like the decisions we're making, and we're doing so, while ensuring each employee can be their true self, while respecting the environment in which we work. In closing, we've made tremendous progress, financially, operationally and commercially. At Jabil, we solve problems over and over again. It's why we welcome the continued challenges put forth by our customers. Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Mark. And good morning, everyone. As Mark just highlighted, our third quarter results were very strong driven higher by the combination of continued end market strength and excellent operational execution by the entire Jabil team. In Q3, we saw continued strength with notable revenue upside during the quarter in mobility, cloud, connected devices and semi-cap relative to our plan 90 days ago. Given the additional revenue, I'm particularly pleased with the strong leverage we achieved during the quarter, which enabled us to deliver a solid core operating margin of 3.8%, approximately 30 basis points higher than expected. In Q3, our interest and tax expense also came in better than expected. The compounding effects of higher revenue and the associated leverage, along with lower interest and tax expense, allowed us to deliver strong core diluted earnings per share in Q3. Putting it all together on the next slide. Net revenue for the third quarter was $7.2 billion, approximately $300 million above the midpoint of our guidance range. On a year-over-year basis, revenue increased 14%. GAAP operating income was $240 million, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.12. Core operating income during the quarter was $277 million, an increase of 61% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 3.8%, 110 basis point improvement over the prior year. Net interest expense in Q3 was $36 million, and core tax rate came in at approximately 18%. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.30, a 251% improvement over the prior year quarter. Now turning to our third quarter segment results on the next slide. Revenue for our DMS segment was $3.6 billion, an increase of 21% on a year-over-year basis. The strong year-over-year performance in our DMS segment was broad-based with strength across our connected devices, health care, automotive, and mobility businesses. Core margins for the segment came in at 3.9%, 140 basis points higher than the previous year, an incredible performance by the team. Revenue for our EMS segment also came in at $3.6 billion, reflecting strong year-over-year growth in our cloud and semi-cap businesses. Core margins for the segment were 3.8%, up 90 basis points over the prior year, reflecting solid execution by the team. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. Cash flows provided by operations were $585 million in Q3 and capital expenditures net of customer co-investments totaled $197 million. We exited the quarter with cash balances of $1.2 billion. We ended Q3 with committed capacity under the global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity, along with our quarter end cash balance, Jabil ended Q3 with access to more than $5 billion of available liquidity, which we believe provides us ample flexibility. During Q3, we repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares for $130 million. At the end of the quarter $124 million remain outstanding in our current stock repurchase authorization. And we intend to complete this authorization during Q4, as we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders in FY '21 and beyond. Turning now to our fourth quarter guidance. EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 11% on a year-over-year basis to $3.95 billion. This is mainly due to strong end market outlook. EMS segment revenue is expected to be $3.65 billion, a decrease of 2% on a year-over-year basis. It's worth noting our EMS business remains strong and healthy. The modest decrease is reflective of our previously announced transition to a consignment model, offset by higher server volumes in the cloud business. We expect total company revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 to be in the range of $7.3 billion to $7.9 billion or an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $280 million to $340 million for margin range of approximately 3.8% to 4.3%. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.45. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1 to $1.20. Next, I'd like to take a few moments to highlight our balanced portfolio of businesses by end market. Today, both segments are in incredibly good shape. Last quarter, I highlighted some long-term sustainable secular trends in strategically important end markets such as health care, automotive, connected devices, 5G, cloud, and semi-cap, all of which continue to show strong performance for the balance of FY '21 and beyond. In tandem with this, in more foundational areas of businesses like print, retail, mobility, networking and storage, we've retooled, re-optimized and re-imagined our longstanding partnerships, with some of the best brands in the world by leveraging Jabil's differentiated capabilities to deliver successful solutions to our customers. The resiliency in our portfolio, coupled with the long-term secular trends underway across our businesses, we believe will continue to drive sustainable growth across the enterprise in FY '21 and beyond. Putting it all together for the year, on the next slide. For FY '21, we expect core operating margins to be 4.2% on revenue of approximately $29.5 billion. This improved outlook translates to core earnings per share of approximately $5.50. And importantly, we now expect to deliver more than $630 million in free cash flow, despite the stronger growth. In summary, I'm extremely pleased with the sustainable broad-based momentum underway across the business, which has allowed us to deliver much better than expected results through the first nine months of fiscal 2021. As we enter Q4 and look beyond, we fully expect the long-term secular tailwinds that are driving our business to continue. This, coupled with our improved portfolio mix and lower interest and tax expenses, gives me confidence around continued margin accretion and strong earnings growth in FY '22. We've been working extremely hard as a team to grow margins, cash flows and positively impact our interest and tax. Seeing this hard work manifest in strong financial results is a testament to the exceptional execution by our teams on all fronts. I want to offer my sincere thanks to our team, for their tremendous commitment and execution during FY '21. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Jabil. I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants, that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your understanding. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. And congrats on the quarter and on the guide. I have two questions. The first one is on margins. So you talked about margin accretion in fiscal '22. Mark, when I look at fiscal '20 versus fiscal '21, you're having strong margin improvement, 100 basis points to 4.2%. But going forward, should we think that the margin improvement will be more on the DMS, the Diversified Manufacturing Side versus EMS? Because it looks like from your last quarter's guidance, EMS revenues are going from $13.4 billion to $14.1 billion, but the margins are still 3.6%. So just your thoughts on what you can do to improve margins? And what are the areas, what are the leverage factors you have to improve margins going forward?
Mark Mondello: So Ruplu, if I could take the liberty of maybe answering the question directly, but maybe slightly indirectly, right? We - I think one of the interesting things about the way we've shaped the company the last four or five years is, is we have a portfolio where we balance constantly, and the balancing really is about the team. It's led by the likes of Mike Loparco, Steve Borges to Kenny Wilson, the guys running the segments. And then our operational team, our supply chain team, day in and day out, we're balancing between cash flows and margins, and they're not mutually exclusive. So one of the things I said something in my prepared remarks around FY '22, you know, our objective internally and we decided to share it on the call is in terms of margin accretion, we think we'll get margin accretion year-on-year. And then in terms of core EPS off of the $5.50 that we talked about today for '21, our goal is to try to get EPS next year with a six handle on it, which is the double-digit growth. And then as importantly is the cash flows, which we think next year we can get a seven handle on the cash flows. Where does all that come from? I think it comes from things that we continually talk about internally, and we've talked about on the call. It comes with our approach, the solutions we're taking to the marketplace, and then again, Ruplu, the portfolio overall. If we look at our DMS business, very round numbers, right. Our DMS business in fiscal '20, you know, $13 billion, in '22, it will be substantially higher. If we look at our EMS business, $13.5 billion, $14 billion, I don't think the top line will grow as much as DMS. But I think in terms of what that team has done reshaping the business, they've been very, very selective and intentional in terms of where we're making investments. So I would say, it's approach. I would say, it's portfolio. And I don't think we need, you know, we don't need substantial tailwinds to deliver '22. Now if the macro goes sideways on all of us, all bets are off. But I don't think we would have - Mike and I had a long talk the last couple of days, and we just felt it was appropriate to give, again, a little bit of color on kind of where we're up to internally in terms of '22. Quite frankly, when I get together with my direct reports at this point in the year, we spend very little time talking about 4Q. We've got a wonderful team of folks that will, we hope, touchwood, will deliver the year. We're spending all of our efforts on '22. So again, I don't know if that answers your question, but we'll provide a lot more color on that on the September 29th meeting.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details on that. I appreciate the color. Maybe for my last question, Mark, if you can just kind of talk a little bit about the health care and packaging side. How is the J&J business trending? How is the core medical business trending? And any thoughts on packaging, so any color on the growth of that market? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, I'd say we like it all. We continue to make investments in capabilities. If I take that in reverse order, we've had a couple of press releases come out, and we're not big on press releases in terms of - I think companies get over press released. So, we try to be very selective. But on the packaging side, a lot of focus on integration in terms of smart packaging and then a lot of efforts in terms of the environment, what we call eco-friendly packaging, and we're bullish on that. And in terms of health care, we've been banging on the drum on health care for three or four years. And again, I would just say health care overall, whether it'd be on the pharma side, med device, diagnostics, et cetera, is performing above plan. And we've got a pretty interesting path forward for FY '22, Ruplu.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Got it. Thanks again and congrats on the strong execution.
Mark Mondello: I look forward to talking to you on Monday.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Yeah, same here. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steve Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions, if I could. First, on the 30 basis points of upside in the quarter, could you break that down a little bit in terms of how much was just pure revenue-driven versus some execution? And what the headwinds might have been in the quarter related to supply chain and COVID? And then secondly, Mark, you mentioned how on the EMS side, you're re-imagining some OEM relationships in the last couple of years. Can you just give us a couple of examples of what that exactly means and how it's driving growth? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: I like your term re-imagining. I'll come back to that in a minute. For the quarter, it was just - I forget the words I used in my prepared remarks, but it was modest top line strength, it cut across I think the upside for Q3 was just under $300 million versus guide. If I had to think through the areas where we saw that, this is an overused term, an overly generic term. But when it's the truth, it was really across lots of our different sectors. If I had to pick a couple, network and storage was stronger than we expected, connected device, I think, was a bit stronger than we expected, cloud, a bit in mobility, but it was a broad scatter [gram] (ph). And in terms of the 30 bps upside on margin, again, I just think it's an indication how we're running the business. We got a little bit of a leverage on the $300 million, and then it was really good execution by the team. And touchwood, I think the good execution continues. In terms of the re-imagining, I don't know if I said that or Mike said that, but I think it's an interesting way to think about it. It's - I think we start with Steve, I think it's huge around obsession around our customers. And it's about starting every conversation about what's best for the customers is not necessarily what's best for Jabil, but then we've got to do a lot of processing to be sure that what's best for the customer aligns with our path forward for the next couple of years. Again, if you think about - you've been connected with us a long time. We've been on this three, four year path of really good intentional growth with a long-term eye on margins and cash flows, because the margins and cash flows going forward are going to give us a decent amount of optionality, a decent amount of levers to turn for shareholders. The team has done a nice job. If you look at where our revenue was back in '17, and you look at where it's going in '22, I think the top line of the company has grown or will grow like close to 50%. And it's not growth for the sake of growth, because what's coming along with that is, again, potentially in '22, a seven handle on cash flows and a six handle on core EPS. Again, those are goals, those are objectives, but that's where we're spending all of our time. In terms of the re-imagining part, looping back to that, Steve, we ask ourselves all the time. Are we or are we not providing great value for every single customer in every single subset of customers? And if we're not providing the best value and they can go find that value at a different price somewhere else, we kind of encourage that, because I think when we're doing our job, when we're providing good value, everything kind of works, the tension in the system comes out, so we've been spending a lot of time on that. And then, I think, somewhere in your question, I think, for the quarters, but maybe I'd talk about it, Steve, for Q3 and Q4, we're still seeing some supply chain headwinds. But as I said in the March call, and I said on - I was doing something with Paul [ph] with JPMorgan, we just have the best supply chain team. And I don't say those things often, although I love our team. I just think we've got - I think we have the best supply chain team in the industry. Our approach to demand planning, and the analytics we use, the fact that our supply chain team is tightly linked to their commercial folks and then the trust and long-term relationships we have with suppliers, and that spans across things, whether it's semis, PCBs, interconnects, passives. And then, we - I think, we've done a very good job in terms of bulk purchases, locking in pricing on raw commodities. So, yes, there is headwinds. I think I said in the March call, Steve, that we thought the supply chain headwinds would probably be with us through the early part of '22, as we sit today, I think that's true for about half of the challenges, and the other half of the challenges may actually creep into the summer of '22. But I think a large catalyst to that is going to be, does demand hold or not across all the different end markets.
Steve Fox: Great. That's super helpful. Congrats on the quarter.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Adam Tindle: All right, thanks. Good morning. Mark, I just want to start from a high level, you're wrapping up another strong year here. And if I look back over the past five years or so, it's been kind of two different eras. Prior to this, it's been a heavy focus - it was a heavy focus on diversification, adding revenue, while operating margin was kind of flattish hovering in the mid threes and CapEx was a little bit heavier. This recent era has focused on digesting and optimizing margin and cash flow. What inning are we in on that second journey for margin and cash flow? It sounds like you're expecting it to continue into 2022, I'm thinking beyond that. And how do you think about the right timing to perhaps step on the gas [ph] with CapEx for an outsized growth era again?
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I'm pausing, because I'm thinking. I think it's a great question. I think - I don't want to be dismissive of your question at all. I think that you can hold us accountable to offer some of those details in September. But I don't want to duck the question altogether. I think what inning are we in? I don't separate the - or bifurcate the journey. I think it's all - I think it's a holistic journey. So I look at it and say, you know, this strategy, this whole path started in around fiscal '16, something like that. Where we're at today and heading into fiscal '22, I don't know. To use an American phrase, I guess, maybe seventh inning, something like that. But I wouldn't want to take that it's over. Like, if we do our job right with the margins - by the way, we're still going to press on growth. I think sheer numbers and math on that, Adam, is I said on the JPMorgan thing, I said I can envision us being a $40 billion company at some point. So that would suggest continued growth. But with the sheer math, I think the top line growth starts to attenuate a little bit, although still grow. If we can control our overhead costs, continue to get leverage on the factory network, scale matters for sure, we continue to be really selective in the customers we serve. And I go back to something I said in Steve's comment, every single dollar of revenue we bring in, if we stress test that around, are we or are we not providing great value for the customer? Again, it takes some of the friction out in the relationships. I don't know. I would think that in '22, we'll see margins greater than '21, and I would think in '23 we'll see margins greater than '22. And the one thing about our business is, especially if top line growth, let's say, hypothetically, and this is a complete hypothetical. But let's just say top line growth for the next five years normalizes at 4%, 5%, 6%. And I don't know what that's going to be. I think '22 will be greater than that. But let's just say longer term, you know, this machine now, with this portfolio, the cash flows look awfully good in the modeling that store and I sit around and play with. So, I don't know where we're at. But it's been a lot of hard work and pretty excited about the next couple of years, Adam.
Adam Tindle: Understood. I wanted to follow up on that cash flow question for Mike. Mike, Mark mentioned the composition of balance sheet in his remarks is a key positive. Net leverage is tracking the multi-year lows as EBITDA continues to build. And I think Mark mentioned perhaps a seven handle on cash flow next year. So, maybe just talk about how you think about optimal capital structure and timing and priorities for deployment of capital to create shareholder value. Why not just return all that 700 plus next year?
Mike Dastoor: So Adam, that's a great question. I think we'll provide a lot more color in September around our capital allocation. I think it will be a balanced capital allocation methodology as we've done in the past. We're committed to returning to shareholders. And I absolutely think it's on the cards to look at that seven handle and see how much we can return to shareholders. Having said that, the discipline we're seeing in our working capital, the discipline we're seeing in our CapEx spend, et cetera, just gives me a lot of comfort that there's a lot of optionality, I think, was the word Mark used going forward in terms of what we can do with our free cash flow. And returning to shareholders will be, in my opinion, will be number one, for sure.
Adam Tindle: Understood. Congrats on the results.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment Research. Your line is now live.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And I just got to say, wow, congratulations on the results and the recovery of your teams through COVID. Looking ahead, both for the next quarter and maybe further out, how should we think about seasonality of your reporting segments? I know we've been a long time since it's been normal. But how should we think about seasonality and maybe strip out the layer of the consignment?
Mark Mondello: So it sounds like there is two questions there, Jim, and thanks for the kind comments. Seasonality and consignment. For sure us transitioning to consignment in some of our business distorts the seasonality because it has an impact on top line, which is just fine, by the way, because our – again, our focus is on bottom line margin and cash flow. In terms of seasonality, externally, so if I try to net out the impact of consignment, I think that as long as the portfolio exists the way it exists today, so things like automotive and transport and health care and packaging and mobility and connected devices and then the digital print, retail, industrial, semi-cap, wireless, et cetera, network storage, I would say that as the company grows depending on where that growth comes from, and again, I think we're doing - I think the team is doing an exceptional job of what they're saying yes to and what they're saying no to. I would guess as we go from, say, a $30 billion company to maybe a $34 billion, $36 billion company, what you think of as historical seasonality going back to say, the shape of the year in fiscal '17 or '18, that probably flattens a bit. So I think the seasonality, I think there will be some of that there. But if you went from peak to trough, it probably narrows. I think that's happening a bit this year. So - but with that said, I think this fiscal year, if you take the mid point of our guide we just presented for Q4, I think the op income we just provided mid point was 3.10 [ph] Q1 was around 3.65 [ph] Q2, 2.85 [ph] So Q3 was a soft quarter. And I think that aligns a little bit with historical, although going forward, again, I think the shape of the year really starts to flatten, and quarter-to-quarter, I think demand narrows.
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you so much for the additional details.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Shannon Cross from Cross Research. Your line is now live.
Shannon Cross: Thank you. My first question is with regard to 5G and cloud, can you just provide some more details? Does it seem like, especially from cloud, ignoring consignment, that this is people buying to, sort of, I don't know, pre-buy for capacity needs in the future or fulfill what's the hole that they have right now? I'm just, kind of, curious about how you see this trend? And if you think there's any pull-through from fiscal 2022?
Mark Mondello: I don't know that there's pull-through for – so by the way, thanks for the question, Shannon. I don't know that there's pull-through for '22. I think hyperscalers, I think cloud and I think 5G wireless, I think all of that has good runway. So, I'm not overly concerned about demand evaporating as long as, again, we go back to - we're providing a great service with great quality to the customers. I see the - although they're different, they're the same, I see both the cloud markets as part of now a robust ecosystem that the world is heavily relying [ph] on. And I see 5G much the same, although a bit different. So, if we were to take a look at - and don't hold me to these numbers, Shannon, but 5G wireless cloud for us as we exited last year was a little over $5 billion. And I think as we go into '22, you know, we'll see a reasonable uptick to that. Again, I just think it's a great fit to our portfolio. I think the solutions and the technologies that we're providing, both on the design side and the process side and the configuration and distribution side, they just fit that marketplace today. So, that's my thinking on the 5G cloud wireless stuff.
Shannon Cross: Okay. Thanks. And then I was just wondering in theory we're coming out of COVID and things are opening up at least in some geographies, how have the conversations with customers sort of changed? And I'm wondering, is it - are people focused on on-shoring, diversity of supply chain, looking more to outsource? Or I don't know, how have things changed maybe when you discuss potential new business versus conversations you would have had in 2019? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: I want to make a comment that I'm not sure is linked to your question, so bear with me. And I just think that maybe a bit unrelated to COVID, but maybe related to COVID, I'm really not sure. But I do believe I'm sure in my next comment, which is when you get to be our scale, and you think about the OpEx we spend in IT, and I think about the OpEx we spend in terms of automation and data analytics and artificial intelligence and machine-learning and all the things that are going off every day in our ecosystem. I think we, for sure, have the most efficient IT system of any manufacturing services provider out there because I don't think anybody else has the holistic connection that we have of their IT systems factory-to-factory and then linked in with supply chain and ops, by the way, huge, huge advantage. But I think about the expertise, I think about the experience, I think about our lessons learned, mistakes we've made. And then I think about the global reach or people and everything else, I think because of that, there is just less and less people in the world that want to take on the task of building stuff. Customers still want it for sure, and they're expert in this, by the way. Our customers are expert in branding, marketing, and they're expert in product design. But there's just less interest. The capital intensity of the business, sometimes people look and go, geez, you guys run a business at 4% to 5% operating margin with huge barrier to entry. I think in some weird way, I think building stuff is a secular trend at scale because again, the barrier to entry is way, way high. And it's just really, really hard, but it's what we do, and we do it well. So I think that's a general comment. I'm not sure it has much to do with COVID, although maybe COVID has slowed people down a little bit to think and figure out are they doing the right things for their businesses strategically versus tactically. So maybe there's a little bit of a catalyst there, Shannon. In terms of on-shoring, off-shoring, China, yes, China no, Asia yes, Latin America yes, Mexico, US, Northern Europe, Western Europe, Southern Europe, et cetera. I still end up being a big believer that the capital markets are always, over the long term, going to decide where stuff gets built, where the supply chains get designed. And again, there's pockets of friction, whether it be geopolitical or whatever. But however which way that goes, I'll come back to boy, does scale matter. And when you take a hard look at our footprint, our expertise and where that exists around the globe, I think we're in really, really good shape, regardless to how that plays out.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live. 
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. And thanks for taking the questions and let me add my congratulations to the good results and outlook that the company reported today. I was hoping to talk a little bit more on health care. And the company has built a very good set of capabilities, I think, not just in traditional medical products, but also some things that sit directly with consumers to help with consumer health and wellness. And given everything in the world and some countries still going through, but has gone through over the last year with COVID, I'm interested in what sort of trends Jabil has seen when you talk with your customers and potential strength of the intermediate to longer term around some of those products targeting things like wearables, consumer health and wellness, patient monitoring, those sorts of areas? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Well, I think you answered part of your question, Mark. By the way, thanks for the nice comment at the opening. I think Steve and his team, they're the experts. But if we just step back, the reason we're bullish in that area is a lot of what you alluded to. It's a long-term industry that has historically been heavily around kind of pharma, big eye on diagnostics, med device. And in some ways, there's been such amazing focus on the patient that maybe there's been a little bit of a fall behind in some of the technology, whether that be connecting to 5G or whatever it might be, Mark. As we look at it the next couple of years, I think one thing COVID did is it reshaped activity at hospitals around the world. Elective surgeries were kind of put on the shelf. I think as vaccines take hold, there's a pent-up demand for elective surgeries. So, I think that will be goodness for that whole industry for a period of time. And then maybe at a more strategic long-term deal, for sure, personalized medicine, telehealth, prevention in terms of physiological, biological makeup, DNA chains and then monitoring, you know, aging population and on-body monitoring, you know, that started years ago. But the output from the monitoring was poor, unreliable. I think that's gotten substantially better. We're playing in the middle of that, not just with health care customers, but others that want to make a real difference in that space. So I think those are some of the catalysts why we've got a pretty bullish outlook on health care. And then I think the other part that's beneficial for Jabil is, I think the trajectory where Steve Borges and our team are taking health care, whether it be on med, pharma, diagnostics, on-body, off-body, personalized health, they're able to look around the company and say, wow, and I ironically said some of this in my prepared remarks. Steve and his team can weave together lots of interesting capabilities, whether he borrow some capabilities for Mike Loparco's group or Kenny Wilson's group, both on tooling, both on mechanics, both on how to connect to 5G wireless, industrial design, et cetera. So A, we like where the market is going, and B, I think as the term I used in my prepared remarks, I think our library of collective capabilities is going to serve us well as we take solutions to the marketplace.
Mark Delaney: That's very helpful. Thanks. My second question was on how the tight component and supply chain environment may be impacting some of your customers. And there's been a lot of discussion across various end markets of many big companies unable to get all of the supply that they would like. I'm curious how you think that may be impacting some of the orders and inventory strategy from some of your customers? And how you're trying to plan for that in terms of your operations, financial planning and potentially factor that into some of the comments you gave about what fiscal year may look like? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. We - I don't know, take these as very round numbers. We haircut our Q3 outlook, you know, unconstrained in Q3, just rough numbers was probably $7.1 billion. We cut it to a mid point of 6.9 because of concerns around supply chain components, silicon, passes the whole deal. And we ended up delivering 7.2, which I think is just stellar recognition the job our team has done managing the supply chain. By the way, again, day in, day out, not without challenges. So the challenges are real, and I mentioned it earlier on the call. We – unconstrained, would 4Q be a little bit higher? Probably. Have we haircut it a little bit? Yes. But we got a lot of confidence in our supply chain folks, and we'll see what happens. So I don't want to make a kind of peanut butter vanilla statement on supply chain because truthfully, Mark, there's so many variables that go into it, everything from which end market, what's the construct of the technology, which part of the supply chain are people leveraging, what kind of relationships are there, how quickly and how agile are the design teams to maybe alter some designs, et cetera, et cetera. So it's everything across the board that we're dealing with. The one nice thing about Jabil is because we build a little bit of everything, and we have so many good relationships both on the customer side and the supply side, we have a very good vantage point, we believe, in being able to triangulate what's really going on. And again, I think that allows us to help our customers and again, gives us a bit of a competitive advantage. But as I said before, I don't think we come out of this choppiness of supply chain until the spring or summer of '22. What you can be rest assured is, is as we did on this call for 4Q and as we'll do for September, we'll take all that into consideration and try to handicap that appropriately before we give any forward looking numbers.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Chung: Hi. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my questions. So just on the outsourcing versus insourcing, which industries are you kind of seeing a greater priority to outsource? And are those higher margin opportunities as well in terms of the industry? And then what are the kind of margin dynamics when you're working with existing customers that accelerate this move from in-sourcing to outsourcing? Do you see some operating leverage benefits there on that shift as well? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I guess, my first answer will be pretty short, which is a great question. It's just the insource to outsource, it's all over the map. It's not - as we sit today, I mean, there are certain industries that are fully outsourced, and we're all aware of what those are. I really do believe, though, that in boardrooms, talking to my counterparts at lots of our customers, again, there's just - there's not a lot of interest in people wanting to build their own stuff because it is capital intensive, it is hard. If you don't have the OpEx and the reinvestments, constantly, you fall behind. And - but I don't - I wouldn't point to any specific end market or sector at this point in time. It's kind of all over the map. And in terms of is it margin rich or not margin rich, that's all speculative on a relative basis. I can tell you for Jabil, again, we'll deliver, again, on a relative basis fairly modest margins, but very good margins for us. At - looking to deliver this year at 4.2%, we're looking to accrete margins and have them be higher in fiscal '22. But in combination with that, Paul, is the importance of the cash flows as well. So I'll say something, like I said earlier, we are spending a lot of time with the very first question being, if we're going to add a single dollar of revenue to our top line, are we or are we not providing great value to that customer? And if we can get by that yes or no question, then it becomes, can we make it work for Jabil, either on the cash flow side or the margin side. And then we try to keep that well balanced going forward. And I would suggest that even though FY '20 was a COVID year, team did a nice job navigating COVID in '20, and I think the team is doing a nice job this year. And if we continue to work hard and do what we think we can do, I think it's setting up for a nice FY ‘'22.
Paul Chung: Got you. Thanks for that. And then can you talk about the $250 billion tech bill passed by the Senate recently? Do you expect the firm to kind of participate and here in what magnitude or kind of too early to tell?
Mark Mondello: You said $250 billion, right?
Paul Chung: Yeah.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Okay. I didn't - you broke up a bit. I want to be sure we're talking about the same bill. It's too early to tell. We have great relationships around the D.C. area in terms of understanding it. It's just too early to tell. So TBB I can tell you that I think we'll benefit from that indirectly, whether we were to - there's nothing in our forward looking numbers that anticipates us participating in that directly, but we'll see. But again, we're staying well-informed on that because it has the potential to be an important bill for us.
Paul Chung: Yeah. Okay. Great. Great quarter. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thanks. And good morning, everyone. Mark, your early outlook for 2022 implies the DMS segment growing faster than EMS. Do you see that coming from all of four key sub-segments as you've seen this year? Or is that from one any particular market? And if you are seeing that broad based strength is that just from underlying demand or are you also seeing share gains or new program wins there?
Mark Mondello: So your observation on the math is correct. And I know this isn't very satisfying, but it is really kind of across the board. I'd like to be able to point to something, but let's just say on a collective basis, Matt, I think it's a combination of change in technologies, as an example, a higher percentage of vehicles moving more towards electric content, electrification or EV altogether. That's just a broad example. So it's technology. I think it's human behavior in terms of - we just - when Delaney was asking earlier around health care, we talked about personalized medicine, connected health, on-body monitoring. But that doesn't mean that market's getting bigger. It means that the activities in the market are shifting, and some of those activities work well in our favor. So I think it's a technology shift. I think it's lifestyle shift. For sure, some of it's market share gains. And then for sure, some of it is just kind of continued global GDP growth and things like that. So it's a combination of all of the above. And I don't really have a specific sector in DMS I'd point to.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And question for Mike regarding the inventory situation. Inventory was up sequentially in dollars and also on a days basis, which makes sense, given the strong seasonal guide for Q4. But should we expect you to be at that somewhat elevated levels for a while now? And are customers compensated you in any way such as in the form of deposits or anything else?
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So, Matt, I think the inventory balance you see at the end of Q3 was largely timing. All that disappears or reverts back in Q4. I expect inventory levels by the end of Q4 to be around the 60 day number and in the longer term, mid-50s, for sure, that's what we're working towards.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining our call today, everyone. If you have any follow-ups, please reach out to me. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-03-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's second quarter of fiscal 2021 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within our Investor section of our website. At the conclusion of today's call, the entire call will be posted for audio playback on our website. Before handing the call over to Mark, I'd now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected third quarter and fiscal year 2021 net revenue, earnings and cash flows. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by offering a warm thanks to all of our people here at Jabil. Thank you for your commitment and thank you for always making safety your top priority. And stepping back and reflecting for a moment, it's hard to believe that 12 months have passed since we first encountered COVID. I think about sitting alongside Mike and Adam one year ago, here in our March 2020 earnings call, when clarity vanished and uncertainty ran wild. Yet in typical Jabil fashion, our people did what they do; they dove in and gave their very best to combat the pandemic. They did so by looking after one another, while taking outstanding care of our customers. It's a point in time that I'll never forget; it's a point in time that highlights the level of respect and admiration that I have for our team here at Jabil. Their attitude and their actions continue to impress. And for sure, there is no other team I'd rather be part of. Again, much thanks to all of our employees who simply make Jabil, Jabil. Please turn to Slide 5 where we'll take a look at our 2Q results. Our second quarter came in well ahead of expectations, driven by stronger than expected product demand, solid execution and a well-balanced contribution throughout the entire company. The team delivered core earnings per share of $1.27 on revenue of $6.8 billion, resulting in a core operating margin of 4.2%. I'm really pleased with our financial results for the quarter. Although, what's quite interesting to me is the overall construct of the business in combination with the improvements we've made to our balance sheet. All in all, our performance during the first half of the year gives us excellent momentum as we push towards the back half of fiscal '21. It also sets a firm foundation for further margin expansion as we look to FY22. As customary, Mike will provide more detail around our second quarter results during his prepared remarks. I'd now like to share a pie chart which is indicative of our commercial portfolio. Slide 6 underscores the effectiveness of our approach and the base from which we operate. Today, our business is wide-ranging and resilient; this is especially true when any individual product or product family is faced with a macro disruption or cyclical demand. Furthermore, our current business mix provides a unique set of capabilities, innovative capabilities openly shared across the enterprise with speed and precision as we simplify the complex for our customers. It's a proven formula that's trusted by many of the world's most remarkable brands. Moving to Slide 7, I'll address our updated outlook for the year. We now believe core earnings will be in the neighborhood of $5 a share, an increase of 25% from what we anticipated back in September with top line revenue coming in around $28.5 billion. This incremental revenue improves our portfolio as evidenced by another 10 basis point increase to core operating margin which we now forecast to be 4.2% for the year. Lastly, we remain committed to generating a minimum of $600 million in free cash flow, a testament to how we're managing our capital investments. As I wrap up the outlook, it's notable that our strategy is working, our path is well understood and how we go about producing results is important. On this last point, when we think about the how, we think about purpose; a purpose that guides us in our journey, a purpose which is grounded in a series of behaviors; behaviors such as keeping our people safe, servant leadership, ensuring a fully inclusive environment and giving back to our communities around the world. I'm just so proud that our team is hitting the mark in all of these areas. As we transition to my final slide, I want to once again say thanks to our team. Their efforts over the past two years to three years have allowed us to reshape the business as we've targeted growth in select markets; markets that largely align with secular trends. A few examples of these being 5G, personalized healthcare, electric vehicles, digital learning, cloud computing, clean energy and eco-friendly packaging. Our team continues to develop deep domain expertise in concert with these secular tailwinds. I like the decisions we're making and what we're doing, and we do what we do while respecting the environment and safeguarding our workplace. We're committed to a workplace which encompasses tolerance, respect and acceptance. We encourage each and every employee here at Jabil to be their true self. We strive to make the world just a little bit better, a little bit healthier, and a little bit safer each and every day. One factor that makes good companies great is possessing a value system which allows them to solve problems over and over again; we embraced this way of thinking and welcome the challenges put forth by our customers. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. As Mark just detailed, our second quarter performance was outstanding driven by the combination of broad-based end-market strength and associated leverage, and improved portfolio mix and excellent operational execution by the entire Jabil team. We saw broad-based revenue strength across the business, most notably in mobility, cloud, healthcare, connected devices, automotive and semi-cap. Given the additional revenue, I am particularly pleased with the strong leverage we achieved during the quarter which enabled us deliver a strong core operating margin of 4.2%. And finally, our net interest expense came in better than expected during the quarter, due in large part to better working capital management coupled with the proactive steps we've taken over the past year to optimize our capital structure. Putting it all together on the next slide, net revenue for the second quarter was $6.8 billion, $300 million above the midpoint of our guidance range. On a year-over-year basis, revenue increased by $700 million or 11%. GAAP operating income was $236 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.99. Core operating income during the quarter was $285 million, an increase of 78% year-over-year representing a core operating margin of 4.2%, a 160 basis point improvement over the prior year. Net interest expense in Q2 was $33 million and core tax rate came in at approximately 23%. Core diluted earnings per share was $1.27, a 154% improvement over the prior year quarter. Now, turning to our second quarter segment results on the next slide. Revenue for our DMS segment was $3.6 billion, an increase of 26% on a year-over-year basis. The strong performance in our DMS segment was extremely broad-based as several of the end-markets we serve are becoming increasingly critical such as connected devices, healthcare, automotive and mobility. Core margins for the segment came in at an impressive 5.1%, 210 basis points higher than the previous year, an incredible performance by the team. Revenue for our EMS segment was $3.2 billion, also reflecting strong broad-based demand. Core margins for the segment were 3.1%, 80 basis points over the prior year. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. Cash flows provided by operations were $20 million in Q2 and capital expenditures, net of customer co-investments, totaled $152 million. We exited the quarter with cash balance of $838 million. We ended Q2 with committed capacity under the global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity, along with our quarter-end cash balance, Jabil ended Q2 with access to more than $4.6 billion of available liquidity, which we believe provides us ample flexibility. During Q2, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares for $82 million. At the end of the quarter $254 million remained outstanding in our current stock repurchase authorization, and we intend to complete this authorization during the second half of FY '21 as we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. Turning now to our third quarter guidance. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 19% on a year-over-year basis to $3.5 billion; this is mainly due to strong end-market outlook. EMS segment revenue is expected to be $3.4 billion, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis. It's worth noting our EMS business remained strong and healthy. The modest increase is reflective of our previously announced transition to a consignment model in the cloud business. We expect total company revenue in the third quarter of fiscal '21 to be in the range of $6.6 billion to $7.2 billion or an increase of 9% on a year-over-year basis at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $220 million to $270 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.90 to $1.10. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.69 to $0.89. Next, I'd like to take a few moments to provide an update on the long-term secular trends underway across our businesses which we believe will drive sustainable growth across the enterprise in FY '21 and beyond. In healthcare today, the industry is undergoing tremendous change due to rising costs, aging populations, the demand for better healthcare in emerging markets, and the accelerated pace of change and innovation. Consequently, we are witnessing healthcare companies shifting their core competencies away from manufacturing towards innovative and connected product solutions. We're in the early days of outsourcing of manufacturing in the healthcare space. On top of this, we are also seeing the impact of connectivity and digitization across healthcare. I expect these trends to accelerate over the next few years. Our deep domain expertise within the healthcare industry uniquely positions us to build technology-enabled products that help our customers excel in today's evolution of healthcare. Another end-market experiencing a rapid shift in technologies is the automotive market. Today, electric vehicles account for less than 2% of total vehicles in the market. Climate change, fuel efficiency, and emissions are ongoing concerns and regulatory policies worldwide are beginning to mandate more eco-friendly technologies. As a result, OEMs are making a substantial investment into vehicle electrification effort. Jabil's long-standing capabilities and over 10 years of experience and credibility in this space has positioned us extremely well to benefit from this ongoing trend. Turning now to 5G; 5G will transform the way we live, work, play and educate. As the underlying infrastructure continues to roll out, 5G adoption is accelerating. Jabil is well positioned to benefit from both, the worldwide infrastructure rollouts and with devices which would be needed to recognize the full potential of a robust 5G network. 5G is also accelerating secular expansion of cloud adoption and infrastructure growth. This, coupled with the value proposition Jabil offers to cloud hyperscalers, is helping us gain market share in an expanding market, evidenced by the significant growth over the last three years. The value proposition that continues to resonate with our customers is our design to dust capabilities which incorporates engineering, manufacturing and eco-friendly decommissioning observers [ph], all within collocated facilities. This is incredibly powerful as accelerating cycle times, security and transparency at every step of the hardware lifecycle become continually more important to our US domicile hyperscalers. Shifting now to packaging; we are uniquely positioned to benefit from the global shift to smart and eco-friendly packaging. As consumers become more informed about the environmental impact of plastic waste, demand for sustainable packaging solutions is accelerating. And then finally, within semi-cap, the demand for semiconductors has never been higher with the accelerated convergence of technologies and the associated data generation and storage needs. Nearly every part of the economy runs on silicon today. Jabil serves the semi-cap space with end-to-end solutions, spanning the front-end with design and complex fabrication equipment along with the back-end with validation and test solutions. In summary, I'm extremely pleased with the sustainable broad-based momentum underway across the business which has allowed us to deliver much better-than-expected results in the first half of FY '21. As we turn our attention to the back half of the year and beyond, we fully expect the long-term secular tailwinds that are driving our business to continue. This coupled with our improving portfolio mix and lower interest and tax expenses has given us the confidence to meaningfully raise our FY '21 estimates for revenue, core operating income, core margins and core earnings per share. We now expect core operating margins to be 4.2% on revenue of approximately $28.5 billion [ph]. This improved outlook translates to core earnings per share of approximately $5. And importantly, despite the stronger growth we remain committed to delivering free cash flow in excess of $600 million for the year. We've been working extremely hard as a team to grow margins, cash flows and positively impact our interest and tax. I am very pleased with our team's exceptional execution of our strategy on all fronts. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements we will not address any customer or product-specific information. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Ruplu Bhattacharya of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the strong results. You know, I had a couple of questions. Maybe Mark, first question on the EMS side. You're guiding now to $13.4 billion that's almost a billion dollars higher than the previous guidance. But the operating margin is still guided at 3.6%. So just curious, I mean, why isn't the operating margin target for that for this year for EMS moving up a little bit more? Just if you can just talk about the puts and takes on that. Thanks.
Mark Mondello : Thanks, Ruplu. I feel good about where the margin. I think you're right, we look at the overall corporate margin for the year, we think we'll be around 4.2%. And EMS will be in the range of I would guess 3.6%, 3.7%. I look at that relative to fiscal '19. If I go back that far, and I think EMS in '19, was around 3% all in. Last year, we're below that and I acknowledge that was a COVID year with excessive COVID expenses. But I feel pretty good about that business overall. I think we're doing the right things in cloud. I look at that business today in terms of a mix of legacy business, some businesses that we've gotten a bit of a nudge or help with COVID. But most importantly, Ruplu, I think about things that Mike was talking about in his prepared remarks in terms of trends that we think are going to be around for a while. Things like 5G, electric vehicles, cloud computing, clean energy.  So I feel good about the year. We continue to make OpEx investments as well in the EMS segment, but I think we're on a good trajectory. The things I obsess about or worry about. The condition of the EMS business, the next two, three years isn't one of them. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. And that makes sense. Just on the mobility side, I want to ask a general question. I mean, are you concerned or how concerned are you about any configuration changes that might come up in the rest of the year? Can you may be at a high level, just talk about how prepared Jabil is this year versus in prior years about handling mobility related, you know, volatility that can come up in the rest of the year?
Mark Mondello : I don't want to speculate on any configuration changes or anything like that. Our relationship in that space with our main customer there is super solid. And when I just think back about the last two, three years of execution, I've got again, very little doubt in our ability to execute on the mobility side, configuration changes or not. So again, not an area that then I'm losing a lot of sleep over.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great. Thanks for the details and again, congrats on the quarter end and the strong guide. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Tindle of Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. Good morning. Mark. I wanted to start with a question on operating margin and acknowledge it's been very strong so far. A two parter [ph] just on near term and long term moving forward. So first on near term, your Q3 guidance implies that total company operating margin is going to be down, maybe somewhere around mid-3% range or so and then back up to around 4% or so in Q4, based on the EPS guide if I got that correct, doesn't look like that's volume related because revenue is going to be flattish during this time. So, maybe just more color on drivers of the Q3 dip and rebound in Q4. And secondly, you mentioned longer term as you exit this year with a four handle. The trajectory that that puts you on as you think about fiscal '22 and beyond, because you said you wanted to build on that? 
Mark Mondello : Yes, thanks Adam. Q3 is always a little bit of a debit for us. And, as much as we take a lot of I don't know if the words pride we feel really good about the overall mixing of the business. What we've done in the last two, three years. But again, we always see a little bit of a soft spot in terms of enterprise level, in terms of up margin. I think you're right, enterprise margins for Q3 will be around the 3.5% range. And, again, I compare that to last year, which maybe it's nonsense, because of COVID it's up substantially year-on-year. I'm going off a memory, but I got to believe that if we went back to fiscal '19, we'd be up year-on-year in terms of Q3 to Q3 as well. So none of it has anything to do with reflection of the business other than for certain parts of our business as you know, Q3 tends to be more of an investment quarter on an OpEx line than the other quarters. The thing that I'm focused on more than anything is beginning of the year.  So we've had, we've strung together, I don't know, adding four, five years where the overall enterprise up margin line has been bouncing around 3.5%. That says we've really been focused on adding good quality growth to the company. And in September, we gave an outlook that said for the year we do a four handle on up margin. 90 days ago in December, we took that up to four one now we're taking that up to four two. So I feel, I'm more focused on that trajectory than the quarter-on-quarter results. And in terms of your comments forward looking beyond '21, we'll give more detail around that in the Investor Day in September, I had said something in my prepared remarks today around the fact that we're very focused on continuing a positive direction with margins as we get into fiscal '22. And that would be relative to the four two, that we hope to post this year. 
Adam Tindle: Got it. And maybe just as a follow up for Mike, you talked about being able to plan to generate over $600 million of free cash flow this year, wondering if that's also something that you can build on like Mark's comments on operating margin as we think about a go forward basis, or are there are CapEx investments to achieve that operating margin improvement? And maybe you can just tie in your capital allocation priorities as you answer that question? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor : Thanks, Adam. Yes, definitely free cash flow will, I think we've said more than $600 million for this year, as we continue into FY '22. I expect that to continue to grow. Again, we've said this before CapEx is something where we've been extremely disciplined in that 2.9%, 3% range. So free cash flows next year again, we'll get guidance in September, but I expect that to go up on a similar unraid [ph] as it's done in FY '21. As relates to capital allocation Adam, we continue to be sort of well balanced. We continue with our buybacks. I talked about our buybacks in my prepared remarks, we have to earn $34 million left of our authorization, we intend to complete their authorization in Q3 and Q4 or in the second half of the year. So that shows that we're extremely committed to the buyback program. And that will continue into '22, '23. I don't want to preempt anything now. But I'm sure we'll be continuing that progress from a buyback standpoint. Most of the, I think we laid out a few quarters ago the capital allocation percentages, roughly half buys into buybacks, dividends, some of the balance of that goes into debt restructuring and the balance would be opportunistic, sort of M&A as well. So well balanced. Capital allocation continues going forward.
Adam Tindle: Very helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Suva of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Suva: Thank you and good results. If I look at your updated guidance on the buy segments, am I correct that the 5G wireless and cloud is the one that kind of is giving you the most surprise there? And if so, are any of your segments or all of them or any of them experiencing semiconductor shortages? Are you able to procure all the components and items needed? Thank you. 
Mark Mondello : Thanks, Jim. I assume you're talking about our eight sectors [ph]. Yes, so, I'm not quite sure we mean, in terms of surprise, in terms of the uplift, for sure. So I don't know that it's a surprise to us that we're seeing strength in 5G and cloud. Back in December, we knew that there was going to be some component shortages and constraints. But we've been very bullish on the 5G wireless infrastructure and cloud area of our business. So whether surprised or not, it's certainly an area where we continue to see strength. And I think that's largely both on the 5G side and the cloud side. Our services and our solutions are being well accepted and embraced out in the marketplace. So feel really good about that area of the business. In terms of supply constraints, I would say that we talked about this a bit in December, let's say, nine months ago, or so. You know, there was demand drops everywhere, based on COVID. I think that people took a lot of their demand signals, cut them abruptly. And then, at least our conversations with our customers, very few people anticipated the rebound that we've seen, which largely started August, September timeframe, and a bit to our surprise is continued to be very strong through early stages of 2021. And on the supply side, again, all of that drove constraints.  One good piece of information, I think to share is any type of supply constraints, whether it be around resin, whether it be around silicon, whether it be around passives, whether it be around mechanicals all that's handicapped into our numbers and I would actually say that we took a fairly deep handicap to that for our Q3 and Q4. So I feel if anything, maybe there's some slight upsides to what we've put out today, assuming that the supply constraints don't work and worse. And the other thing I would say is, I think the procurement team at Jabil just simply the best team in the business. And if I think about our scale, if I think about our holistic approach to demand planning, whether that cuts across healthcare or mobility or EMS business or automotive, our team's knowledge of the marketplace, the knowledge of the commodities, knowledge of technologies, and in the long standing relationships we have is really allowing us to navigate what otherwise is a tough component market at the moment. So I feel we're getting along and getting by quite well, all things considered on a relative basis.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Please proceed with your question. 
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions if I could, please. First Mark, could you just give a little more color on where the healthcare solutions businesses on its margin journey and how it did in the quarter? You know, maybe referencing back to when you first did the J&J [ph] deal, and what you were thinking for next year? And then secondly, I just don't clear based on what you just said about constraints and potential inventory builds, Mike, you're talking about still doing $600 million in cash flow, free cash flow is the difference between prior thinking just basically higher EBIT, offset by more inventory investments or there other puts and takes. Thanks. 
Operator: [Technical Difficulty] Please continue to stand by the presentation will resume momentarily. This is the operator, the presenters have been rejoined, please presume
Mark Mondello : Hey Steve, somehow you cut off.
Steven Fox: Sorry for breaking the conference call. Did you hear any of my questions? Or should I repeat?
Mark Mondello : If you could repeat them, that'd be great. 
Steven Fox: Yes, sure. So first question, again, was on the health care area. So if you can provide some color into how it performed during the quarter, both top line and margin and where you are on the margin journey, you know, referencing back to when you first did the J&J deal? And then secondly, I'm just trying to understand make sure I understand the that the cash flow target staying at $600 million plus, you have higher EBIT, but it sounds like higher inventory investments. Is that basically the puts and takes versus 90 days ago, or is there anything else? Thanks. 
Mark Mondello : Yes, thank you. So on the healthcare side, I think we're -- I think we continue to hit it on all cylinders. Steve Borges [ph] and his team who run that business, we started talking about the JJMD relationship. I don't even know how long ago now to 2.5 years ago, we kind of laid out a roadmap there and our health care team has executed nearly flawlessly to the roadmap that we laid out. So feel good about that and then the business around the JJMD. And I talked in my prepared remarks about different trends. And the team is really focused on things like for health care, like personalized health, like digital health. We announced sometime during the quarter, another relationship that has everything to do with technology around auto injection and auto injectors. And so I just look at the technology, the investments that our healthcare teams are making, and feel really good about that. Our healthcare and packaging business, speed, last year, I think was in the neighborhood of $4.1 billion, $4.2 billion. And I would guess, as we exit this year, health care and packaging, we'll be bumping up against $5 billion. And I think we'll continue to see good solid growth in that area for the next two to three years.  In terms of the $600 million of cash flow it's another number that I feel really good about and on the surface. Maybe it's a little bit confusing, because EBITDA is going up and margins are going up. So why wouldn't cash flow go up? We have been working diligently to continue to shape the portfolio. Our number one focus as our leadership team is cash flows and management over the next two, three, four years. I think if we ever get to a point where as a leadership team, we decide not to grow the company. That would be a perilous thing to do and makes no sense to us as long as we're adding good quality business, again, attached to secular trends that allow us to continue to expand margins, as we look at '22 and '23. So if I take you back to the beginning of the year, we said we do $26.5 billion, $27 billion in revenue. Now we're bumping up against $28 billion, $28.5 billion. And with the additional top line with the way the teams managing working capital, the way the team's managing CapEx, and then Mike alluded to the fact that we were going to complete our buyback authorization by August 31 of the year.  So I think we're being well balanced in terms of both capital investments, OpEx investments and shareholders. I feel good about the $600 million plus. And then we'll give an update to what I think you should anticipate is stronger cash flows as we get into the Investor Day in September. 
Steven Fox: Great, appreciate all that color. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Coster of JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks for taking my question. You talked earlier of, a platform for better margins in the future. And they're really improving. And I'm just wondering, Mark, if you can talk about how much of this is structural in the industry itself? And how much of it is under your control? What is that you are doing today that makes you feel sure that you're locking in higher margins in sort of medium term?
Mark Mondello : I don't know that it's structural to our industry. I hope so. I think if our competition can lock in higher margins that's always good but we're pretty inwardly focused, Paul. I think about first and foremost we obsess about customer care and customer solutions. And I think, if we don't get that out of order, Paul, and we continue to obsess about our customers and what they need in solving their issues; the financials will follow. If I step back and I look at this fiscal year, I was noticing something over the weekend, this will be along with the margin trajectory, I think this would be the first year we've ever had in the history of the company, if we execute, and that's a big capital, if but if we execute, we're going to string together four consecutive quarters where every single quarter is at or exceeds $1 per share. And that just kind of jumped off the page. But in terms of margin expansion, you asked about is it structural? I think so. That's our plan and that's what will allow us to take margins up from the 4.2%, as we get into next year.  And I think about everything from our balance sheet, if you take a look at, and again, now I'm coming at it a little bit more from an EPS perspective. But since you asked the question around is it structural. Our balance sheet continues to improve, net debts going down, interest expense is going down. Overall, liquidity has gone up. And then I take a look at the business and I look at things like I think we have very, very good overhead and overhead costs, I think about overall demand, I think about the secular trends that we've talked about, sometimes that's a really, really overused term. But we are truly embedded in so many of those markets, which I think are going to be around for the next two or three years. And then, the whole COVID thing, it's not behind us yet. But with the vaccine being here, we hope to have 70%, 80% of our employees globally have access to the vaccine over the next six to eight months. It's just and then I think lastly, and we've been talking about this for 10 to 12 quarters is the mix of our businesses as healthy as it's ever been.  So I think you shake all that stuff up together. And again, I take a look at the last couple years margins have been around 3.5%. I think that there's a real opportunity here for us to, on a structural basis, increase margins by 100 basis points as we look forward after that 3.5% base.
Paul Coster: Well, maybe the follow up then Mark is, what is it that you're not doing? Are you able to, it sounds like you had the choice of not doing some business, because you could be satisfying your customers delighting them even but it could be bad business that you're doing ultimately, from a margin perspective. So can you talk to us a little bit about how you shaped the portfolio and what you do at the front end to prevent low margin business coming in and hurting the overall business model?
Mark Mondello : I think it starts with absolute clarity, communication to the troops internally. You know, I can tell you this, I've been with the company a long time. Right screw things up is when I have stuff in my head with the leadership team and we don't communicate it to the group. What I can tell you and the reciprocal of that is when the group understands where we're going and why we're going there and what our purpose is there's no better team, there just isn't. And so people understand that there's two things that we're focused on for the next two, three, four years, and that's continued expansion of cash flows, and continued expansion and margins. And by the way, our portfolio, we kind of refer to as a portfolio for a reason. We have some business that might be a little softer on the margin side, but based on terms based on the business itself have tremendous cash flows. And we have other businesses that have tremendous margin, but maybe the working capital is a little richer, we have some of that in our healthcare, space and other areas. But when you blend all that together, I think there's just a picture here, that we're just starting to paint. And, again, we feel pretty good for the next two to three years.  To answer your question directly. We're just going to stay away from bad business. And you know that that could mean a variety of things. But I think internally people are pretty clear on what we're going to go after. Certainly, if we can go after business where there's going to be positive trends going forward. It's goodness for everybody. But I think I think the organization is pretty clear about the type of businesses we're not going to go after.
Paul Coster: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Shannon Cross of Cross Research. Please proceed with your question.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I wanted to dig a bit more into the 5G Wireless and cloud outlook, the increase? I'm just curious to know specifically, maybe you can give some more details on what's driving that and what I'm trying to figure out is, is this demand that would have come in the future but as being pulled in now as people start to ramp 5G? Or are you seeing market share gains and actually end market growth because obviously, the market is growing? But how much of it has been driven by increased and demand overall? And then I have a follow up. Thank you.
Mark Mondello : Shannon, I'd say and I don't want to be offensive by not getting into details. I would say this with a high degree of confidence. For sure, we're seeing stretch secular trends and trends that are very positive in terms of cloud and finally, what looks to be reasonable plans in terms of the 5G Wireless rollout. So that's going to be helpful. And we think that's here to stay for, not a number of months, but a number of years. And by the way, we think that's going to have all kinds of tangents tied to it as well, once the 5G rollout gets underway in terms of derivatives to other parts of our business. And then I think I complement that with saying, there's just been good acceptance of our solutions and our services in the space, both on the design side, I think Mike alluded to, he was using some fancy terms around, what we call a kind of designed to dust and repurposing older servers. And he did a nice job explaining it, but it sounds a little, I don't know, overly technical or whatever. But when we talk about the design side, all the way to repositioning and disposing of older hardware, kind of front to back, I think, Shannon, the solutions we have in that space. Again, it's still what I would call early days, but had been received quite well. And I would also suggest that there is some market share wins in there as well.
Shannon Cross: Great, that was helpful. And then my second question is just on stimulus, if you think back to last summer, and maybe what you, I know, it's somewhat hard to determine how much benefit you guys saw directly from stimulus, but how are you thinking about it, when you gave us the guidance for this year in terms of the checks that are going to be hitting in the next few weeks? Thank you.
Mark Mondello : Yes, thanks. Let me break up the back half of '21 with '22 and '23. I can't make sense of the US equity markets anymore, because I don't know how they got detached from fundamentals in so many ways. I just think that when you put $4 trillion of stimulus into the system, and there's dollars everywhere, they got to go somewhere. I think that stimulus will be a bit of a driver for the next couple quarters, maybe into 1Q of '22. But the nice thing is, so as we navigate '21, I see two things. I see certain parts of our business being driven by what I would call COVID type behaviors, some of those will dissipate, some of those maintain. I see certain parts of our business that are stimulus-related. In certain parts of the United States right now, you go and you try to buy a truck or car, an appliance, whatever it may be; there is backlogs everywhere, and I think that's stimulus related. But as the impact of stimulus, and the impact of COVID start to attenuate a bit and fall off of it, I think what's right behind that is kind of -- no kidding, no nonsense secular trends. And again, Mike talked about it, I talked about it in our prepared remarks; and I think those specific trends certainly will be a driver for our business the next two, three, four years, so it's not like I'm sitting here going, geez, when stimulus abates [ph], when COVID types of hardware either go away or reduce -- that there is not going to be other elements that continue to give us a little bit of an uplift. So, I don't know if that helps or gets at your question, but that's how I see it.
Shannon Cross: Yes, very helpful. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello : Yes, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Sheerin of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thank you and good morning. Mark, your commentary across end-markets extremely positive; one area that you're still guiding down year-over-year as networking and storage. Looks like you took that up a little bit from $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion but still down. Could you tell us what you're seeing in that market? Is there still weakness in on-prim spend and expectations of that improving as the recovery continues post-COVID?
Mark Mondello: Yes, sure. So the network storage business was around $2.8 billion in fiscal '20. September, we took that all the way down to $2.2 billion, and again, that's a reflection of a couple of things; it's a reflection of some of the legacy business may be starting to lose footing, and lose a little traction out in the marketplace. Number two is; again as we continue to think about our portfolio for fiscal '22 and '23, there are certain areas of that business that when we think about our overall invested capital, might not make sense for us any longer but the nice thing is, from the September timeframe to December timeframe, to today, we've actually been on a trajectory back up. So that's nothing more than, A) we have tremendous relationships with certain customers in that space; and we'll continue to serve those customers, serve them well; and as long as they'll have us, and appreciate the value we provide, we're all in. And -- so I -- again, I think about $2.8 billion in '20 to down $2.2 billion in the last -- I think December, and today we've taken it back up by $200 million roughly. And I would just look at -- I'd look at network and storage as a -- a very key element of our eight sector makeup. And I would say that even though in some of those businesses, margins might be tight, cash flows are quite good, so it's a very good complement to the other seven sectors.
Matt Sheeran: Okay, thank you for that. And then just a question regarding your packaging initiatives, particularly the eco-friendly initiatives; you just announced a big paper bottle solutions, investment, and plan. Could you talk more about that; the opportunity? And how important is that in terms of a growth driver for Jabil?
Mark Mondello: Well, won't be much of a growth driver this year. We have to be very, very, very selective in our M&A. We are committed to returning capital to shareholders but at the same time, and I made this comment around growth; you know, if we ever get to a point where we're not growing the company, then shame on us, but we have to do so in a margin-friendly cash flow-friendly way, which is I think, what I hope this year's results will start to prove out. And as part of that the good news is, almost all of our material growth is organic which is the best growth to have by two magnitudes, but we will continue to complement that with select M&A activity, and for us to put some dollars in play with the acquisition you're talking about is a wonderful company with wonderful people and great leadership, a company called Ecologic. We are very excited about the platform that they've developed, and we always ask ourselves the question; when we're looking at acquisitions we start with culture alignment, we start with capability and competency, and then what are we going to do with the business when we own it strategically. We have a wonderful roadmap internally around sustainable packaging, and this is kind of a second or third step for us, we believe that we'll be able to take that technology, and as we look towards fiscal '22, fiscal '23, give that technology -- it's due in terms of further R&D, and then giving that technology exposure to maybe bigger brands that we support based on our balance sheet, our scale and our relationships.
Matt Sheeran: Okay, thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: Matt, you're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning. Thanks very much for taking the questions. The company's doing very well on margins and guiding to 4.2% for this year, despite what I would think are some temporary cost headwinds related to the supply chain environment, including the shipping cost as the most important component shortages that the whole industry is having to deal with. Can you talk about how much of a headwind the company may be seeing from some of those supply chain types of costs this year? And if we were to add that back, do you think that's more representative of the underlying margin levels that the company can hopefully build off of going forward? Or are there any other temporal factors that we should be thinking about that's influencing margins this year?
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mark. You know, I -- geez [ph], I said earlier, we've -- we've certainly handicapped the business for Q3 and Q4, and I think our handicap has been appropriate. So I think that in and of itself might suggest that -- you know, if we didn't handicap the business, maybe margins would be 4.3% for the year, I wouldn't get much ahead of that. But I also mentioned earlier, Mark, the method to our madness in terms of supply chain management, it's wonderful. And just listening to others, either a few customers, suppliers or folks in our industry, we're navigating this thing beautifully, and it's a tough deal but the impact to us, I think will be minimal on a relative basis. And again, as we sit here today, we had a debrief from our entire procurement team last week, and we feel like this thing will start to show levels of relief, as we get into 1Q of 2022 and for sure, as we get into calendar 2022. So to frame out that timeframe, call it September, October, November timeframe; we'll start seeing relief. And then I think things will be back to more normal conditions, call it January, February, March of 2022. With that said, again, we gave the guidance we gave to today for Q3 and Q4, and I suddenly feel confident. And as I mentioned earlier, when you look at margins at 4.2 [ph] for the year, I think -- I think we're going to continue to effort to have an upward trajectory of that as we get into 2022, even with considerations of near-term supply changes.
Mark Delaney: That's very helpful. My follow-up question was on the EV opportunity, and automotive has been a growing business for Jabil, and an area I realized that Jabil has a lot of capabilities already; Foxconn is moving to divert or brought it out it's business in doing full electric vehicle architectures, and even final car assembly. I'm interested if that's the type of business that Jabil would also consider expanding into within the automotive and EV space? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: I think it's a part right [ph] to think that we'll set up automotive factories. The capital intensity, that is enormous, and I don't want our people focused away from what we do really, really well which is sensors, components, sub-assemblies for the entire automotive space; and thank you for the compliment on that, we do have a very good track record in automotive. One of the strategic decisions we made two and a half, three years ago was -- is all hands on in terms of really focusing hard on electrification and EV, not just with automobiles but all the transportation; and I think that -- I think that decision is paying dividends to us. When you think about the term electrification, that would suggest right in our core and the R&D dollars and the investments we've made in that area have been substantial; so I feel pretty good about how we're positioned there, and we'll see how that plays out for '22 and '23. If I had to speculate, make a little bit of a guess today; I think today we look at that the -- the H-sector [ph] chart and -- in FY '20 automotive transport was about $1.7 billion, in September we took that up to $1.9 billion. We're sitting here today saying it will be a bit over $2.2 billion. And I would -- if I had to venture a guess today, I would say the trajectory of that sector as we move through '22 is going to continue to be up and to the right. Thank you.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thank you.
Operator: This now concludes our call. Thank you for your interest in Jabil. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's first quarter of fiscal 2021 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the slides, please visit jabil.com within our Investor Relations section. At the conclusion of today's call, the entire call will be posted for audio playback on our website. Before handing the call over to Mark, I'd like to now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with the forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected second quarter and fiscal year net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2020 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by offering my sincere gratitude to all of you here at Jabil, and thanks for hanging in there during these trying times, while making safety your number one priority. At Jabil, we're fundamentally in the people business. The manner in which we care for and accept one another is truly what makes us who we are today. And again, thank you. Let's please turn to Slide 5, where we'll look at our results for the first quarter. The quarter came in well ahead of expectations, as the team delivered core operating income of $365 million on record revenue of $7.8 billion, resulting in a core operating margin of 4.7%. The 4.7% margin is a 100 basis point increase year-on-year Q1 2021 to Q1 2020, which as a reminder, was a pre-COVID quarter occurring in September, October and November of 2019. Moreover, I'm really pleased with the financial makeup of the quarter. Well-balanced contributions from our EMS and DMS segments, supplemented with substantial upsides from our cloud computing, connected devices and mobility sectors. Q1 overall gives us excellent momentum to what looks to be another outstanding year. As is customary, Mike will provide more detail around our Q1 results during his prepared remarks. Moving to Slide 6, you'll see a terrific illustration, which underscores the effectiveness of our team. When I look at the slide, what gets me most enthused is the fact that we get one plus one equals three in so many ways across our two business segments. One example of this are the financial goals and objectives for each segment. Our DMS segment focuses on expanding margins, while offering reliable cash flows, while our EMS segment focuses on expanding cash flows while offering reliable margins, perfect complements that fortify our financial results. These two segments placed side-by-side underpin our resiliency, especially when an individual product or product family is faced with the macro disruption, cyclical demand or unforeseen market dynamics. Speaking of a macro disruption, today, more than ever, I look at Jabil as an essential business and a trusted partner. Essential and trusted in a sustainable sense, knowing that Jabil is a primary manufacturing partner that supports a few trillion dollars of market value. Day in and day out, we deliver high-quality products while solving and simplifying complex challenges for the customers we so humbly serve. Add to this, the collaboration embedded in our model, plus the deep domain expertise and a longstanding culture of always doing what's right. It's a proven formula which stimulates progress. And since we're on the topic of progress, let's turn to Slide 7, where we see management's outlook for the year. Not only is the Company well positioned to exceed our financial goals around margins for the year, but we're now predicting core earnings per share will be in the range of $4.60, up 15% compared to 90 days ago and up 55% to 60% when compared to fiscal year 2020. This meaningful increase to earnings is largely driven by two catalysts. The first being our well-diversified commercial portfolio, which gives us a firm and steady foundation on which to operate our business. And the second being the reduction of our net interest expense, driven by proactive steps we've taken over the past nine months to 12 months. I'd like to offer another round of thanks to our employees. Your stamina and collective efforts in placing the needs of the customer first has enabled an additional $1 billion of revenue for the year. Wonderful mix of revenue and leverage allowing us the opportunity to raise our core margin by 10 basis points to 4.1% for the year. A clear reflection of our actions, specifically when it comes to margin expansion and growth of earnings. Furthermore, we will give continued attention to core areas of differentiation and investment. Areas like our homogenous IT framework, factory automation and machine learning, back office data analytics and specialized supply chain tools, all in the name of greater efficiencies and performance. In closing this morning, I do want to share a thought that encompasses our team. Delivering for shareholders and serving our customers is a must, but we'll only do so by respecting our environmental and social responsibilities, while also safeguarding Jabil's workplace to ensure every Jabil employee can be their true self with acceptance of individual differences. With that, please keep safe and I wish all of you a peaceful holiday. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Q1 was an exceptional quarter. The team delivered record results on three fronts: revenue, core operating income and core diluted earnings per share. We saw broad-based strength across both segments, which allowed us to deliver financial results that came in above what we expected in September. Our overperformance in the quarter was largely driven by three factors. For starters, our multi-year journey to both diversify and reposition the Company continues to pay dividends. During the quarter, our healthcare, automotive and semi-cap businesses all performed at or near the high end of our expectations for the quarter. Consequently, these results alone would have put us near the top end of our guidance range for Q1. On top of this, during the quarter, a few of our highly regarded strategic customers in our mobility, connected devices and cloud businesses experienced unexpected high levels of demand in Q1, which caused revenue to come in much higher than expected. Clearly, our value proposition across key end markets continues to resonate with customers as a result of our unique set of capabilities in design, engineering and global supply chain and manufacturing. And then finally, our interest and tax expense came in better than expected. The proactive steps we've taken over the last few quarters to bolster our balance sheet afforded us the flexibility to efficiently access the debt capital markets, thereby reducing net interest expense during the quarter. The compounding effects of higher-than-expected revenue and the associated leverage, along with lower interest and tax expense, allowed us to deliver record revenue, core operating income and core diluted earnings per share in Q1. With that, I will now review our Q1 financial results. Net revenue for the first quarter was $7.8 billion, $800 million above the midpoint of our guidance range. On a year-over-year basis, revenue increased by $300 million or 4% despite our strategic shift to a consignment model within our cloud business. GAAP operating income was $314 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.31. Core operating income during the quarter was $365 million, an increase of 32% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 4.7%, a 100 basis point improvement over the prior year. I am particularly pleased with solid operating leverage as a result of our optimized cost structure and strong demand. As I mentioned a moment ago, our net interest expense came in better than expected at $34.4 million, approximately $13 million better than expected and our core tax rate was also better than expected at 25.7%. Core diluted earnings per share in Q1 was $1.60, a 52% improvement over the prior year quarter. Now turning to our first quarter segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $4.2 billion, an increase of 13% on a year-over-year basis. As I mentioned earlier, the strong performance in our DMS segment was extremely broad-based. Core margins for the segment improved 70 basis points over the prior year to 5.7%. It's worth noting, during Q1, we saw an abrupt and unanticipated intra-quarter strengthening of the renminbi versus the U.S. dollar, which weighed on our DMS core margins by an estimated 50 basis points. Nonetheless, an incredible performance by the team. Revenue for our EMS segment also came in strong at $3.6 billion, reflecting robust demand in semicap, digital print and cloud. Core margins for the segment came in at an impressive 3.4%, 100 basis points higher than the previous year and well above expectations. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. In Q1, inventory days came in better than expected at 55 days. Cash flows provided by operations was $65 million in Q1 and net capital expenditures totaled $242 million. We exited the quarter with cash balances of $1.1 billion. We ended Q1 with committed capacity under the global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity along with our quarter-end cash balance, Jabil ended Q1 with access to more than $4.9 billion of available liquidity, which we believe provides us ample flexibility. During Q1, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares for $50 million. Turning now to our second quarter guidance. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 22% on a year-over-year basis to $3.5 billion. This is mainly due to strong end-market outlook and a favorable year-over-year comparison. EMS segment revenue is expected to be $3 billion, a decrease of 8% on a year-over-year basis, reflective of our previously announced transition to a consignment model in the cloud business. We expect total Company revenue in the second quarter of fiscal '21 to be in the range of $6.2 billion to $6.8 billion for an increase of 6% on a year-over-year basis at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $210 million to $260 million with core operating margin in the range of 3.4% to 3.8%. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.83 to $1.03. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.82. Next, I'd like to take a few moments to highlight our balanced portfolio of businesses by end market. Over the last several quarters, we repositioned our business to serve critical and long life cycle products, while also providing the foundation for predictable yet strong cash flows and margins. As part of this journey, we've reshaped and will continue to reshape the portfolio, further improving the mix of our business. Our DMS business is in incredibly good shape today, headlined by nearly $5 billion healthcare and packaging business which serves many of the most critical healthcare, medical device and consumer packaged goods companies in the world. The convergence of technology in our daily lives expedited by 5G and remote work and learn environments continues to drive our mobility and connected devices business. With over 50 years of experience serving the automotive industry, including a 10-year partnership with the world's leading electric vehicle manufacturer, we are well-positioned for continued growth. Jabil has made an intentional and early shift towards supporting technologies that enable autonomous, connected and electrified vehicles. Our investments and expertise in these areas have allowed us to capture new business with some of the world's leading OEMs and Tier 1s. In EMS, we participate in the design, product development, industrialization and manufacturing with some of the most sophisticated tech products in the marketplace today. Supporting these markets requires an ability to manage large, complex material supply chains with sophisticated IT systems that enable us to manage change and mitigate potential risk to our customers' supply chain at a rapid pace. Today, our EMS business serves a diverse blend of end markets in areas that provide us with confidence in future earnings and cash flow generation. In summary, I'm extremely pleased with the robust start to the year. For the year, we now anticipate revenues will be up roughly $1 billion from prior guidance and core operating margin has increased 10 basis points to 4.1%. This improved outlook translates to core earnings per share of $4.60 for the year. And importantly, despite the stronger-than-expected growth and associated working capital, we remain committed to delivering free cash flow in excess of $600 million for the year. We've been working extremely hard as a team to grow margins, cash flows and positively impact our interest and tax. I am very pleased with our team's exceptional execution of our strategy on all fronts. I would like to wish each and every one of you a safe and happy holiday. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we cannot address any customer or product-specific questions. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Adam Tindle of Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. Good morning and congrats on the strong results and outlook. Mark, I wanted to start on the outlook, the $4.60 for the full-year and go into this question with acknowledging you've done what you said you're going to do, have a very good track record, but I think that incremental $0.60 implies an increase in the back half of the fiscal year. I know you're getting some benefit in the first-half, but still an increase in the back half of the fiscal year. And just wanted to ask what gave you the confidence to raise that far out? Imagine we're going to get some investor questions with the context that mobility seems like an unusual potential cycle, uncertain ending. There's something different about this fiscal year level of visibility that you had versus years passed where ending of the cycles has surprised the supply chain?
Mark Mondello: I don't know that I look at a timeframe change. I mean, we - in September, we talked about the full-year at $4. So, we felt compelled to address the $4 or a change to it. So I don't think anything has changed in terms of confidence of the business relative to September. If I break the answer up into a couple of things: one, we - we've been on the six, seven-year journey, where we've really focused - we focused a number of years on driving the top line, because our strategic belief in a business like us when we're a service business, the more diversified we become, the more resilient, the more predictable, the better the Company is. And so, it was all hands on deck. And what's interesting, Adam, about that is the proof is in the pudding. One could say, geez, you guys chased a lot of growth. That's true, but we went through a period of time from fiscal 2016 to - I think even fiscal 2019, maybe fiscal 2015 to 2019. We're through a lot of the period of time when we were diversifying the margins of the corporation at an enterprise level were around 3.5%. And I would contend that we must have done a pretty good job of the diversification, not only diversifying the different end markets, but the quality of - the quality of revenue we brought into the Company, which has allowed us largely to come into this year and offer $4 a share. The second part of your question in terms of the $4.60. I think what I just said gives us confidence in the $4.60. We had a midpoint of $1.25 for 1Q. We delivered a $1.60. So you take a look at the spread on that to start the year and that spread going from the $1.25 to a $1.60 was really broken down I think into three parts. One was there is a few areas of our business that we saw very strong demand. Number two is just the overall construct of the portfolio. Number three is Dastoor, Sergio and our finance team have done a wonderful job over the last six, nine months or so working the balance sheet. And so, we're starting to see some foundational positive changes to interest expense. So you shake that up to start the year, and then we - I think with our 2Q guide, I don't know consensus was around high-80s and I think our midpoint is $0.92, $0.93. So we took Q2 up a $0.05. And that, we're in the middle of 2Q now, so we got reasonable visibility to that. And then as we look at the back half of the year, Adam, if I just think about revenue, so back in September, we started the year would be about $26.5 billion, maybe $27 billion. Now it's looking more or like $27.5 billion. About $800 million, $900 million of that is in the front half. $100 million to $200 million is in the back half, which I think addresses your point in terms of - it's a reasonable blend throughout the year. And again, when I think about - when I think about the $0.60 delta, I think, about a combination of again the strong portfolio. And then, I also think about the foundational change to interest and tax, probably leaning more towards interest and tax, I would say, of the - going from $4 to $4.60. $0.25 to $0.30 is kind of foundational interest in tax, which is I think a huge positive. And then the balance of that would be the portfolio itself.
Adam Tindle: Okay, that's very helpful.
Mark Mondello: Something else I think is worth noting. We thought long and hard on how do we - we felt compelled to update the year, right? And because we started with a look to the year in September. So, we thought long and hard on how conservative do we want to be and we just kind of laid out the numbers and we went over this multiple times. And to us, $4.60 feels like a good number. But I think what's really, really important for this call is to suggest that as a leadership team, that $4.60 and the 4.1% that we - that we've now put out there is our outlook for the year. I think a very important element of that is the $4.60 and the 4.1% are now kind of foundational for us to build off of for fiscal 2022. So I think that's - I don't think that point should be lost.
Adam Tindle: That's helpful. Yes, that definitely doesn't stop there. Mike, I wanted to just on a follow-up on CapEx. Mobility is upsiding, forecasts are increasing. In the past, as this happened, CapEx crept up over the course of the year. Just curious, you talked on the last call about keeping CapEx flattish year-over-year. I think you maintained your free cash flow guidance this year. What's enabling this upcycle to be different than previous cycles, where CapEx increased? How can you maintain share, if you don't increase capacity?
Mike Dastoor: Adam. That's a good question. I think we've been - I'm extremely pleased with the discipline that we're showing on the CapEx front. The entire team is being extremely thoughtful about CapEx. And we're pushing back on customers where we feel that the CapEx is not warranted. So good discipline, Adam. I would sort of think of CapEx at a 3 percent-ish rate on revenue. I think we've been 2.9%, we've been 3.1%. We've been 3% in the last four, five years, but I think a 3% sounds like a good sort of gauge for CapEx going forward.
Mark Mondello: Adam, if I could comment on something that I think you hit on that. I also think I wouldn't want loss, because there is a lot of numbers - good numbers on this call. And as we were growing the business and focusing on diversification, and I would now contend we're well diversified. So it's a journey, but I think the Company is very well diversified at the moment, again, result of a lot of hard work and effort. But two things happen when you're in that type of mode. Number one is we got a little bit fluffy in terms of headcount and overhead and we dealt with a lot of that this past summer. That's coming through in the results. Number two is the working capital management. And the working capital management, I've seen out of our team in the last six to nine months has been absolutely fabulous. And I think the fact that we're looking, our outlook reflects another $1 billion of revenue for the year and we're still keeping cash flows north of $600 million speaks volumes of that in terms of us being very, very intentional on working capital and working capital management.
Adam Tindle: Yes. It seems like a structural change. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Adam.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Suva of Citigroup Investment Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much, Mark and Mike, and congratulations to you and your team and for being safe as well as delivering results. My question is again on your capital discipline and big upside. The question I have is, any commentary you can give about like utilization rates or machine optimization rates or something like that? Because it just seems like you're getting more and more efficiencies out of your plants and equipments. If I understand it correctly, because it sounds like you're not having to really invest a significant more amount of capital and therefore returning more cash flow. Can you comment a little bit on that because I think some people may wonder are you maxing out and not able to fit any more business into your sites, whether it be healthcare, whether it be packaging, whether it be DMS? Any commentary would be great. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. I'll try it in a couple of different ways. One is, as Mike said, I think it's - I think a good proxy for modeling going forward is CapEx to be about 3 points of revenue, plus or minus. Some quarters, it will be less. Some quarters, it will be more. Here's what we can I think assure you on. If CapEx goes up a bit, actually look at that as a good thing because with the disciplines we've put in, with the company being well-diversified, the pipeline that we have today on an organic basis, it's probably about $3.5 billion, $4 billion of topline, which by the way we absolutely will intentionally walk away from some of that. So the kind of the purposeful nature of bringing additional topline into the Company I think is as high as it's ever been. If CapEx were to go up to 3.1% or 3.2% or something like that, again, you can be rest assured that that's going to be accretive both the cash flows and margins going forward and by the way in a relatively short-term basis in terms of bringing the business on. So - but that's kind of one. Number 2 is getting back to your question specifically around factories. What our operational people have done? And we - the genesis of what we do for living is we build stuff. We have - everybody is important. Our finance group is important, HR is important, commercial - but our operational people are at the very core of what we do, Jim. And what they've done in terms of navigating COVID, keeping our factories up and running. I said something in my prepared remarks around the fact that COVID has proven to us to be an essential business, but I think of essential two ways. One is, essential around COVID, but on a more sustainable basis. We're an essential business because when you sit back and think about our size and scale today and the fact that we kind of build a little bit of everything, we really do - we really do help support and partner to a few trillion dollars of market cap. And what our operational team did, getting back to your question around factory utilization and efficiencies through COVID, was miraculous. And by the way, we did that with a de minimis amount of COVID cases. And by the way, I want to be careful with that statement, because those were COVID did impact them was very binary. But when I think about back to utilization through this pandemic, a huge shout out to our operational teams. As I look forward, Jim, for the balance of the year, our factories are running at what I would - what I would call very normalized utilization rates. And there is - there is nothing there that gives me pause that says the CapEx is going to have to go to 4% or 4.5% of revenue, because there's going to be some big step function in terms of additional capacity. And the last - the last thing I'd like to comment relative to your question is, is we've also been talking for the last three, four or five years on the OpEx investments that we're making, which our OpEx investments are probably $100 million a year. And that's kind of what I would call progressive IT, factory of the future, machine learning, data automation, much of which affects our factory floors in terms of productivity and efficiencies. So, I think it's a combination of all of that stuff.
Jim Suva: And as my follow-up, in the past, many of the supply chains have talked about component shortages whether it be microprocessors or memory or capacitors or something like that. Has the component shortages completely worked itself out because I know now you have a strong position in cloud as well as mobility? Any thoughts around component shortages. And is that backlog completely worked through, or is there still some shortages out there that could have actually give you more upside?
Mark Mondello: I'll give you a two-part answer to that. Number 1, I'll give that's a great - that's a great opening for me to give a shout out to our supply chain folks. If you - as you do, Jim, you know us around the industry, we have - I think we have fundamentally one of the most respected supply chain global teams in the world and they do a fabulous job for us when markets get tight and otherwise. With that being said, of the 100 or 200 things that Dastoor and I worry about day in and day out with our team, as we sit today, supply shortages is one of them.
Operator: The next question is from Ruplu Bhattacharya of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the strong results and the strong guide. I have two questions, one on DMS and one on EMS. Maybe on the diversified manufacturing side, can you give us some guidance on seasonality and margin progression during the year? Given that automotive is now part of that segment. And in mobility, if we have - if we continue to have two launches of phones every year. Should we still expect that the third quarter would be the lowest margin quarter for DMS? Or - any guidance on quarter-to-quarter seasonality and margin progression would be very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Okay, Ruplu. If I don't give you a complete answer, shout back at me because there was quite a bit there and I was kind of thinking through it, as you were talking. I think - I don't know what order I'll get this in, but let me try a couple of things. I think - I think foundationally, fundamentally, however you want to look at it, the thing - we talked a lot about diversification. And I know your question was largely around DMS, but if I could, for a moment. The most amazing thing today about the construct of the Company is - is if you extrapolate out the numbers that we've given today, you could - DMS will be in the range of about $15 billion for the year topline. EMS will be in the range of about $12.5 billion topline. That's with the new model on our cloud services business. And then you look at these complementary segments, Ruplu, DMS today - and again, this isn't hard and fast guidepost, but it's directionally how we think about the business and behave. Our DMS segment, so the $15 billion is the way to think about that is, it's about expanding margins and ensuring good reliable cash flows. The complement to that on the EMS side, which is a $12.5 billion, is really about expanding cash flows, while being sure that they focus on reliable margins. And those complements, as I said in my prepared notes, is I really think we get one plus one equals three. More specific to your question, when I think about kind of the year overall, I - Q1, we saw some - we saw - in Q1, we saw strength across the entire business other than maybe two or three pockets. So say out of - out of 10 to 12 pockets of business, let's say, two, three, four were neutral to slightly down, but it was just one of these quarters where everything kind of - everything kind of connected, whether it be mobility, connected devices, cloud, automotive transport, healthcare packaging, semicap, even network and storage. So - and then pockets of industrial as well. And again, it's just another illustration of the real promise of being diversified. As I think about the year going forward, I would think we'll continue to see reasonable strength across most - all of those end markets unless there is a big macro disruption and we'll see what happens today with the - or this week with the stimulus plan, but - and again, I think that - that leads us to why we have a degree of confidence in the $4.60. And then, there was another part of your question, I believe Ruplu specific to our mobility sector. In terms of shape of the year for the Company, I would say - I would say, we just printed a 4.7% margin in 1Q. I would say that 2Q and 3Q, we'll probably be sub-4%, and then there is an opportunity in the fourth quarter to get enterprise margins back towards the 4%. You shake all that up on a blended basis, you get the 4.1% which is aligned with our guide today. And then your question specific to DMS, because of the dramatic increase we've had in healthcare and packaging plus the contributions on connected devices, automotive transport, all combined with mobility. If I had to guess today, Ruplu, we just printed in DMS a 5.7% core margin for 1Q. I think that there is a good opportunity for both the second quarter and the third quarter to remain above 4%. And then with investments and things like that, maybe the fourth quarter just shy of 4% something like that.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks. I mean thanks for all the details. Really appreciated. That was very helpful. Maybe I'll ask a different question for my follow-up, which is how do you think about uses of cash, given where we are in the economic cycle? Is it relevant - is it - would it be meaningful for Jabil to look at acquisitions, maybe look at inorganic growth? And how would you prioritize that against buybacks, maintaining the dividend and any debt paydown? So if you can just give us your thoughts on use of cash and your strategy on inorganic growth. And thanks. Thanks so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Ruplu. This is a Dastoor question, but let me jump in, because you started with M&A. And then Mike can complement it, if I - if I don't get this all correct. But I think what - I think what Mike did in September, if I remember right, he laid out kind of a - our capital allocation construct. It was a single slide. I don't remember all the details on the slide. We reviewed that and talked about that a bit coming into this call. That structurally hasn't changed. And I think that and I've said this a number of times before, in my opinion, and opinions certainly defer, I think we've been a very reasonable and reasonably friendly to shareholders in terms of our - in terms of our capital allocation strategy where because our belief in the Company and where we are headed, we've been - we've been reasonably aggressive in our buyback since June 2016 which in a few months will be coming up on five years of that type of behavior. I think that will continue for a period of time. When I think about growth, I mentioned earlier Ruplu that right now our organic pipeline, a pipeline that will be at or accretive to margins, is probably $3.5 billion, $4 billion. Again, we'll selectively walk away from some of that, but for sure, organic growth is by far the most optimized growth for shareholders. When we think about M&A, we do - we typically buy four to five companies a year. It's typically around engineering and engineering talent. What we pay for those is more on an asset basis. It doesn't cost us much more, and at times, it's less expensive than just hiring the people. And then - and then, we're always looking at strategic types of things like strategic patents that we like and whatnot. So as we sit today, at least for the - at least for the balance of '21, I don't - I don't think there's going to be any behaviors of big acquisitions for the Company's strategic or otherwise. Mike, you got anything to add?
Mike Dastoor: Yes. From a buyback basis, Ruplu, while we have a $600 million authorization out there, we will continue to be thoughtful, we will continue to be opportunistic. As things start returning to normal, once the vaccine takes hold, we might accelerate some of that purchase that we did in Q1. We're taking it slowly right now, but we'll accelerate that if circumstances warrant.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fox of Fox Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fox: I had two questions. First of all, on the cloud business, can you - I understand that there is a lot going on that's Jabil specific and it's providing upside. Can you talk about sort of how much of that is reflected in - what you did in the quarter and you're thinking for the rest of the year and also your ability to sort of diversify among service providers? And then secondly, Mark, you've mentioned a couple of times now some of the investments in machine learning and automation. Can you talk about how much of that is sort of table stakes versus maybe creating other areas for you to generate some operating leverage going forward? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So first part of your question. I don't want to get into - I don't want to get into a lot of details, Steve, on our cloud business. I can say at a high level, we started down this journey two years ago, 2.5 years ago. The service that we provide again is asset-light geocentric. We've been very consistent on that. The adoption and the acceptance of that model by the end market has been very, very good. There is a little indication that that's going to change in the near term. As we said before, I think we - I think we continue - we will continue to invest in that as long as we've got a service and a solution that's well embraced. I think we - we derisk the downside to that business. So again, overall, I - that's all the detail I'd like to provide at the moment because, again, I think, we've got continued momentum in that space. In terms of operational investments, so machine learning, IT, automation, flexible automation, data analytics, etc., I would say 30%, 40% of investments are table stakes where technology is going. And I would say, 50%, 60%, maybe a little more, is differentiation and has to do with, again, if you look at fiscal '16, '17, '18 throughout fiscal year '20 with COVID. But we're talking about uplifting margins on a $27 billion, $28 billion, $29 billion, $30 billion based company, we're talking about uplifting margins by 60 basis points, 70 basis points. We'll see what '22 holds. A material contributor to that is, is the methodology to which we've invested in IT and machine learning and different things to help us optimize our factory floors. I do think what's fact is, is we have 50-plus-million square feet of manufacturing space around the world. We have some of the most incredible systems in terms of supply chain, both of those areas. So, when you think about the core of what we do as a living, we build stuff. The barrier to entry to building stuff is getting higher and higher because of the scale of the investments, the global nature, the risks, etc. And when I think about the two things that are most profound at our core, one is building stuff, two is supply chain. And I would suggest that the investments we continue to make there are differentiated. And one data point on that would be, I don't know of any other company of our scale, in terms of the manufacturing services and solutions world, that has 50 million square feet of manufacturing space connected on a holistic IT system. And I would contend that one example gives us a definitive competitive advantage. And I could go deeper, but I won't on the same thing on supply chain.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Chung: It's Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking our questions. So, your outlook in DMS is seeing raises in every segment. Is this kind of a function of pent-up demand and a more market share gains or expanding business with existing customers or all three? And then, has COVID structurally changed manufacturing strategy from many of your customers? Are they accelerating the shift from in-house to outsourcing?
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I think that - I think it's all three. I think that as we look - and I think your question was specific to DMS, although I think part of my answer would be for the whole corporation, inclusive of EMS. But I would say, again, sums market share gains, sums expansion of growth and being side by side with our current customers participating in their growth. So we've got market share gains for sure. We've got growth with our current customers, for sure. And then, again, as I mentioned earlier, this robust organic pipeline, a decent amount of that is brands that we don't currently serve. So I would say the outlook on DMS - again, I think in fiscal '20, our DMS revenue was just a hair over $13 billion. I think this year, it will be a hair over $15 billion and all three of those things would contribute. There was a second part to your question.
Paul Chung: Yes, just COVID accelerating the shift.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So I - our observation would suggest that, let's say February-March time frame of this year through probably the spring of '21, I actually think COVID has put a halt on most fundamental strategic shifts and decisions by many corporations in terms of what they want to do with their manufacturing structurally. Although my guess is and having participated in some of this, there is lots of discussions, but much like our Mike Dastoor was alluding to, I think a lot of companies have battened down the hatches in terms of preservation of cash. Everybody kind of want to see where COVID goes, does this vaccine work, what's the vaccine distribution look like, what's the timing of the vaccine taking hold, et cetera., et cetera. If there is any good news in what has been a horrific pandemic, it's that as we get to middle of calendar '21, back half of '21 and into '22, I think what has been kind of a discussion points through COVID ends up converting to some actions once people feel like COVID has stabilized or somewhat behind us. So I think that'd be a good thing.
Mike Dastoor: If I can just add, I think more than COVID per se, if you look at the convergence of technology that's been expedited by 5G, some of it is expedited by the work and learn from home environment, which probably extends beyond COVID as well. I think that's driving this big push into technology. And I think we're seeing the benefits of that. I think it's a very long legged sort of approach on that one. And I think we're in the right spaces. Right now, we're in all the right end markets and I think we're seeing the fruits of all of that.
Paul Chung: And then my follow up is on free cash flow. All your metrics on revenues and op margins have increased, but your free cash flow was reiterated of exceeding $600 million, but I assume the magnitude of the exceed is larger today than it was in 4Q. First, is that kind of a fair assumption? And second, what can swing free cash flow higher as we kind of navigate through fiscal year '21? Any puts and takes you want to call out? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: All right. So we did have - we did see a bit of an increase in revenue that comes with some working capital. We still feel strongly that our free cash flow will be above $600 million. I talked about discipline in CapEx. I think Mark alluded to our working capital discipline. The team is fully engaged, fully focused. So there's a number of levers that we're focused on in that free cash flow bucket, so to speak. And I feel, over time, that just keeps getting more and more attention, that keeps getting higher and higher. So I think right now, we feel good with the $600-plus million. And I think I'd highlight the plus there. And I think the focus that we have continues to bear fruit, again.
Operator: The next question is from Shannon Cross of Cross Research. Please proceed with your question.
Shannon Cross: I was just wondering in your conversations with your customers and obviously COVID has played into it, but just in general, how things changed in terms of their desire to onshore or diversify the countries where they manufacture. And I'm just wondering, we obviously have a new administration coming in. Have things shifted at all in terms of the conversation over the year, or do you think people are sort of remain on track thinking that maybe onshoring a bit more, as well as diversifying is the way to go? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Shannon. I think the - I think there's been lots of conversations over the last two, 2.5 years between trade tariff and COVID. I think, and again, lots and lots and lots and lots of discussions. And the one thing is, is when you do what we do, you're in the middle of all those discussions because we are the primary manufacturing partner to so many outstanding customers and brands. But when it comes to actioning on those, I just - I don't think that - I don't think there has been a lot of change. There's - we've talked about this many times over on calls, we've had some customers that have wanted to derisk Mainland China. That's been the exception, not the rule. We've been there for them. One of the benefits you have when - you have a partner like Jabil is we have a really, really optimized footprint all over the world. If I add COVID on top of that, again, lots and lots of discussions. But in the end, I think that the manufacturing and value supply chain ends up following the dollars and following end-market consumption based on a product-by-product basis. And largely, I don't see that changing.
Shannon Cross: And then I'm just curious, during the quarter in terms of linearity, were there any - anything to point out within your segments maybe that improved during the quarter versus weakened toward the end of the quarter? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: No. Actually, this quarter - 1Q had really nice linearity.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Sheerin of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Sheerin: Just another question on DMS in the upside to guidance across those sectors, specifically in healthcare. Could you update us on how J&J programs have been ramping? And are you beginning to see that as a contributor to the strong operating margin expansion you've seen year-over-year in that segment?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I won't go too deep into the J&J relationship, specifically JJMD. I'd just say that we've talked about this at a high level, when we first engaged. We kind of laid out a path forward. What's been really nice is, is the path we laid out is the path that we've realized, which is a huge acknowledgment both to J&J and our team. And yes, I think the JJMD relationship is getting to a scale where for sure it's a contributor to our healthcare and packaging business. And through all this, JJMD has been a wonderful partner for us.
Matt Sheerin: And then on the cloud business, you talked about the strength that you're seeing from customers there and I know you've gone through that transition to a consignment model with the largest customer. Is that largely in the numbers now? And Mike, were there any near-term impact to cash flows because of that transition?
Mike Dastoor: I think it's all part and parcel of our strategy, Matt. We've been working on that for a while. There will be pros and cons to that. I think largely pros, obviously, working capital improves, margins improve. So the consignment piece is strategic in nature. It wasn't something that just happened to us. It's something we've been working on now for a while. And now, over the year, over the coming few quarters, it will hopefully get fully implemented.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Delaney: Thanks very much for taking the questions, and congratulations on the good reports. Mark, thanks for all the comments you made around sustainability and Jabil's efforts there. And I was hoping to just better understand Jabil's ability to offer more environmentally-friendly manufacturing. Can you talk about some of the business implications from that, both in terms of what it may mean for some of the customer relationships and your ability to sustain good market positions? But then to the extent there is any added costs to implement a cleaner manufacturing and clean energy, how does that impact margins and is that something customer pay for or is that more of a shared expense?
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Mark. I'd first comment on kind of a macro level and then maybe break it down a bit. I try to express either through these Q&A sessions or more on a prepared remarks basis. The financial results are super important. They are really important to shareholders. But to me, the results themselves are really an output of us taking great care of customers and obsessing around our customers. And along with obsession around our customers that drive these financial results, we also spend, I think, just a tremendous amount of time as a leadership team, talking about approach because results can be derived in many different ways. And when we think about approach inside the Company, one is about an amazing culture that we have, two is about kind of carrying about people and foundational beliefs around diversity and inclusion for all, and then the other one certainly, Mark, is more core to your question, which is around the ESG, social and environmental. I think Jabil, the best thing we can do for our customers, our suppliers, is lead by example. We made a comment - I made a comment in September that said, we're committed to reducing our gas house emissions in - across the Company in the next five to six years by 25%, 30%. And we're on a path to do that. I would suggest that where people get - I think, get confused is, is jeez, that's going to cost us a lot of money. In reality, it's the timing of the costs, but all of that ends up being a net pickup because running the company with lower greenhouse gas emissions, clean energy has a really nice ROI to it. So one, the best thing we can do is lead by example by walking the walk versus just talking about it. We also said in the September call something like we would like to lead our industry, not only in financial returns, but also in approach in terms of ESG, in terms of areas of safety, water usage, hazardous waste. And then the other thing is, Jabil purchases like $20 billion of stuff every year. And we believe we can have a very positive influence on the entire supply chain in terms of leading by example and also kind of mandates that we put on our strategic and key suppliers. And then if I broke that down even further, Mark, Jabil is firmly into renewable value chain. And if I had to guess today, depending on how we characterize that, I would say, we're in the renewable value chain well into the billions of dollars. When I think about what we do for electric vehicles, what we do for wind, what we do for solar, what we do for smart meters, what we do for power efficiency, what we do around energy storage. Another one that we're spending a lot of investment dollars on and attention is sustainable consumer packaging. And then also, when I think about 3D additive and all the investment dollars there, when you think about the additive process, especially with metals and then certainly with polymers, that's also something that squarely an ESG-type category. And then lastly, Mark, we have thousands of engineers and we have a whole subset of engineers that are focused specifically around ESG type of stuff. One example being, we have a dedicated group of engineers around power and power efficiency. So that's kind of how I see how we play in that whole marketplace.
Mark Delaney: And thanks for everything the Company is doing with those efforts. My follow-up question was on financials. And Mike and Mark, you both talked about some more structural savings, you think are going to be sustained around interest expense and tax rates. Is the right way to think about what those levels may mean is to use the guidance for fiscal 2Q and expect to those sorts of level to continue? Or is there a better way for us to be thinking about interest expense and tax rate beyond the second quarter? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: Yes. I would sort of estimate interest to be in that $40 million-ish range. I think we delivered about $35 million in Q1. I'd feel better if the estimates going forward are in the $40 million. That's sort of substantially lower than what we thought at the beginning of the quarter. And similarly for tax, I think I'd go with the 26-ish-percent tax rate. Again, that is about 100 basis points lower than we actually indicated at the beginning of the year.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Adam Berry for closing remarks.
Adam Berry: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to us. Other than that, please stay safe, but stay healthy. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-09-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Jabil Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call and Investor Briefing. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Adam, please go ahead.
Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil’s fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 earnings call and investor briefing. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor.  We will begin today with Mike who will review our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results. These slides are currently posted on our website at jabil.com. Following those comments, we will transition to our third annual investor briefing, where Mark will review our business overview and Mike will provide an outlook for our first quarter and fiscal 2021. We will then open it up for your questions. Please note to view our investor briefing slides during today’s session, you will need to be logged into our webcast@jabil.com. Following today’s session, you will find our entire slide deck for both our fourth quarter earnings and investor briefing on our website. The entirety of today’s call will be recorded and posted for audio playback on jabil.com within the Investors section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the earnings information that we cover during this conference call. Before handing the call over to Mike, I would now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website beginning with our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected first quarter net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Adam and good morning everyone. I am very pleased with our fourth quarter performance. Both segments executed extremely well and delivered financial results that came in well above the guidance we provided on June 19. The overperformance was driven mainly by two factors. First, during Q4, we experienced fewer corporate-related disruptions than we anticipated in June, which resulted in higher than expected throughput in our plans, a more efficient supply chain and lower corporate related expenses. And second, our teams in both segments quickly moved to capitalize on upside demand, mainly in the mobility, 5G wireless and cloud end-markets. The compounding effects of higher than expected sales, improved productivity and lower costs allowed us to deliver strong revenue, core operating income and core diluted earnings per share in Q4 well above our expectations in June. With that, I will now review our Q4 and fiscal ‘20 financial results. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $7.3 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $197 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.44. Core operating income during the quarter was $255 million, well above our expectations in June, driven mainly by the aforementioned higher sales and lower COVID-related impact that came in approximately $25 million lower than anticipated. Net interest expense during the quarter was $46 million. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 24%. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.98, an 11% improvement over the prior quarter. For the full fiscal year, net revenue was $27.3 billion, up 8% year-over-year. FY ‘20 GAAP operating income was $500 million, with GAAP net income of $54 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share, was $0.35 for the year. Core operating income was $864 million, representing a core operating margin of 3.2%. Core diluted earnings per share for the year was $2.90. Now, turning to our fourth quarter and FY ‘20 segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $2.8 billion, up 17% year-over-year. This growth was mainly due to our mobility and healthcare end markets. Core margins for the segment improved 60 basis points year-over-year to 3.5%. Revenue for our EMS segment increased by 8% year-over-year to $4.5 billion, driven mainly by the semi-cap, 5G wireless and cloud end-markets. Core margins for the segment were 3.5% during the quarter. For the year, our DMS segment revenue was $10.7 billion, up 8% year-over-year mainly due to our healthcare business. Core margins for the segment were 3.9%. Moving to EMS, in FY ‘20, revenue increased by 8% year-over-year to $16.6 billion as our value proposition continues to be well received in the areas of 5G wireless, cloud and semi cap. Core margins for the segment were 2.7%. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. In Q4, inventory days came in better than expected at 56 days, a decline of 11 days sequentially. Net capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $241 million and for the full fiscal year came in as expected at $796 million. Our fourth quarter cash flows from operations were very strong coming in at $687 million. As a result, the strong fourth quarter performance in cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the fiscal year came in higher than expected at approximately $461 million. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.7x and cash balances of $1.4 billion. To further strengthen our balance sheet during Q4, we issued a $600 million 3% senior note maturing in January of 2031. We used the proceeds to redeem our $400 million 5.625% senior notes due in December 2020. We ended Q4 with committed capacity under the global credit facilities of $3.8 billion. With this available capacity along with our quarter end cash balance, Jabil ended Q4 with access to more than $5.2 billion of available liquidity, which we believe provides us ample flexibility to navigate the current market environment. During Q4, we repurchased approximately 760,000 shares for $25 million bringing our total year-to-date repurchases to $215 million. In closing, I am very pleased with our strong execution and resiliency in a challenging environment and are encouraged by the positive momentum we carry into fiscal ‘21. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Mike. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I will begin by offering my sincere gratitude to all of you here at Jabil. Thanks for hanging in there during these trying times, while never compromising the safety of our people. Your response, stamina and attitude had been amazing and so appreciated. Again, thank you all. Today is our third consecutive year, where we not only share our results and give a quarterly guide, but we also provide a complete outlook for the year ahead. So, I will get us started with thoughts on our outlook and Mike will offer additional detail during his follow-on remarks. Moving to Slide 11, I will offer a few thoughts on our approach beginning with diversity and inclusion. Being that Jabil is a service business, we know that each employee is critical to our success. We also know that each employee has the right to be treated with dignity and respect, all day and everyday. We operate our business in 30 plus countries, employing people that don’t look the same, don’t talk the same, people that practice different religions have different sexual orientations, people with physical limitations and neuro diversities. Diversity and inclusion is top of mind as we employ folks all around the world, but we have got more work to do. We won’t abide racism for lack of human rights. We won’t accept discrimination for social injustice. Our team challenges the status quo and we hold ourselves accountable through action. Most recently, we formed a 9-person council to assist and guide our internal D&I efforts. This council will provide advocacy as we push to improve our own shortcomings. These 9-council leaders are talented and without a doubt will make us better. Consistent with this focus, we are pleased to be a premium sponsor for the upcoming Special Olympics U.S. games. The sponsorship has evolved into a partnership granting our employees the remarkable opportunity to engage with the athletes and their coaches. This will also make us better. In summary, our team continues to safeguard our work environment and ensure that everyone can be their true self without fear or anxiety, without harm or recourse and with full acceptance of our individual differences. The second aspect of our approach pertains to ESG and sustainability, a table we aim to always do what’s right. This includes doing right by our planet and doing right in helping others. We will expand our use of clean energy as we strive to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 25% within the next 5 to 6 years. Equally important is the pursuit of our sustainability goals as influenced by the United Nations’ decade of action. We are determined to lead our industry by attaining highest standards in the areas of employee safety, water usage, hazardous waste and supply chain management. Also, we understand what gets measured gets done. So we have applied this mantra to our people and their incredible generosity, which allows us to quantify their contributions as they volunteer their personal time. Let’s now turn to Slide 13. This slide paints a terrific picture underscoring the effectiveness of our team and the strength of our commercial portfolio. What you see is two segments, where one plus one equals three. Two segments that complement one another both in terms of in markets and capabilities, relevant capabilities that when properly combined, fuel our services and our solutions. Two segments that, when placed side by side, suggest resiliency at scale. So, let’s break down each segment. Please flip to Slide 14. Roughly 50% of our DMS segment is comprised of Jabil businesses that operate in a regulated type environment, businesses such as healthcare and automotive. These end markets share similar certification and validation requirements and must meet certain standards as they bring products to market. At the same time, capital investments align with the longer, more stable product lifecycles. The other half of our DMS segment is also comprised of two divisions, our connected devices and mobility divisions. These divisions excel at high volume production, advanced material sciences, aesthetically complex molding, precision mechanics and flexible automation. We are excited about the balanced portfolio within our DMS segment with a focus on expanding margins while offering reliable cash flows. Let’s now move to Slide 15, where I will share a few thoughts on our EMS segment. Jabil’s ability to combine years of manufacturing know-how and process standards with data analytics set us apart. Our longstanding customers leverage Jabil’s unique IT network as we manage all types of sophisticated global supply chains. Today, we serve a wonderful blend of markets across our EMS segment, markets that include 5G and cloud, industrial and semi-cap, digital print and retail, networking and storage. We are excited about the broad range of customers in our EMS segment with a focus on growing cash flows while offering stable margins. Putting this all together, let’s look at our outlook on Slide 16. For fiscal ‘21, we plan to deliver a core operating margin of 4% on revenues of $26.5 billion. This mirrors what we committed to you 1 year ago. It’s important to note that the 4% operating margin on the $26 billion correlates to $4 in core EPS, again, marrying what we said last September. Three primary actions give us confidence in our outlook: one, the improved makeup of our commercial portfolio; two, reduce levels of overhead; and three, lower cost associated with COVID. These three actions sum to roughly $180 million to $190 million of additional income year-on-year, FY ‘20 to FY ‘21. If I step back and think about where we are at today, much of our success here at Jabil is because we placed the needs of the customer first and we do so through non-parochial sharing of all resources and all capabilities. I think about this sharing as frictionless collaboration. When this collaboration is combined with the experience and actions of our team, you have a winning recipe, a recipe which delivers optimized solutions and services to our customers. I ask that you now please turn to Slide 18. In closing, our outlook for fiscal ‘21 is indicative of the positive momentum we are carrying into the year. It’s an outlook that’s grounded by the continuation of our straightforward strategy, a strategy built on five basic pillars ensuring our business mix remains well diversified, obsessing over our customers, while leading with engineering, driving growth through sharing and integrating our capabilities, expanding margins by contouring our portfolio, and leveraging our varied end markets to deliver reliable cash flows. Lastly, to our entire leadership team, once again, thank you for making Jabil, Jabil. Most importantly, thank you for being your true self. As CEO, I am honored to serve you year-in and year-out. I will now turn the call back over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks Mark. I would also like to thank our employees for their hard work, dedication and excellent execution during the challenging FY ‘20. Over the next few minutes, I plan to provide you with a framework that highlights how we will execute on our strategy and deliver on our financial commitments in the coming year. As we turn our focus to 2021, our financial priorities remain unchanged. First, we are fully focused on expanding margins. To position the company to deliver higher margins over the last few years, we have targeted growth in areas of our business, that have higher return profiles that offer accretive margins and strong cash flow streams. At the same time, we are focused on optimizing costs to ensure we deliver SG&A leverage across the worldwide Jabil footprint. Secondly, in FY ‘21, we are forecasting core earnings per share to improve nearly 40% over FY ‘20. And finally, we are focused on generating strong free cash flow through optimization of working capital and disciplined CapEx management. Next, let’s take a look at each of our operating segments and I would like to walk you through what we are seeing in the different end markets we serve and how each of these plays a role in delivering our financial targets. Our DMS team’s strong performance over the last few years reflects our improving business mix as a result of our intense focus on diversifying our end-markets, products and customers to create a more sustainable business. The team continues to do a tremendous job leveraging our deep capabilities in this segment like tooling, precision mechanics, acoustics, optics, automation, and material sciences to capture new opportunities in high value adjacent markets. Nowhere is as clearer than in our healthcare and packaging businesses, which have grown tremendously over the last few years through several key wins, including a transformational strategic healthcare collaboration. Today, we are one of the largest healthcare manufacturing solutions companies in the world and we are well positioned to capture future similar opportunities. In packaging, we are uniquely positioned to benefit from the convergence of electronics and smart and eco-friendly packaging. As we move to automotive, the bulk of our business focuses on electrification of auto based on a nearly 10-year relationship with the leading electric automotive company in the world. In the near-term, this market is recovering faster than we expected just a few months ago. Looking forward, we remain well-positioned as demand for increased safety, governmental mission regulations and the race towards electrification and autonomous vehicles are all playing a significant role in shaping the future of driving as we know it. Moving to connected devices, as more people worked and learned from home, we saw good demand for products, such as tablets, headphones and smart watches in FY ‘20. As we move forward into FY ‘21, we expect this dynamic to remain. Beyond these devices, we are also continuing to shape the portfolio with products that meet our margin and cash flow profiles. Consequently, this will result in lower revenue for FY ‘21. Beyond FY ‘21, we believe the adoption of 5G will provide a further catalyst for future growth. And finally, within mobility, we remain extremely well-positioned across all models and components as we continue to benefit from our diversification strategy. The out-of-season launch continues to perform extremely well. In tandem with this, the upcoming next generation launch which began in Q4 is going extremely well. Our team’s technical expertise and focus on operational efficiencies continues to contribute to a very strong customer relationship. In summary, for DMS to me, the key takeaway this year is the considerable mix shift underway. In FY ‘21, healthcare and packaging is expected to be more than a third of our DMS business, with estimated revenue growth of approximately $600 million in FY ‘21. Putting it all together for DMS in FY ‘21, we are expecting an impressive 80 basis points of margin expansion on mid to high single-digit revenue growth. Turning now to EMS, the trends in technologies disrupting the IT industry today are numerous and accelerating at a rate never seen before. The interplay between a dramatic increase in bandwidth brought about by 5G and the ever-growing power of computing in the cloud is creating a technology and business ecosystem that is changing at faster rates than earlier generations. All of this is happening in the context of increased consumption of silicon chips, unprecedented change in the retail landscape, additive manufacturing and software-driven architectures. In digital print and retail, we continue to expect softness during the first half of FY ‘21 driven by office and retail closures. However, longer term we are well-positioned in these end-markets as we partner with our customers to bring next generation print and retail technologies to market. Shifting gears to industrial, demand has been relatively consistent to-date, but moving forward, we are seeing signs that new building starts are being delayed, which could have an impact on demand in the first half of our fiscal year. However, in the medium to longer term, we are well positioned to take advantage of favorable macro tailwinds through capturing growth in the smart metering, power conversion and energy storage spaces. In semi-cap during the slowdown, the team did an excellent job of aggressively managing our costs while capturing market share and diversifying our business across both the front-end and back-end. With the ongoing recovery in the space, our efforts over the last 18 months are manifesting in stronger results. We are seeing solid demand and so far customers continue to march ahead with new fab plant investments, executing to their 2020 and 2021 roadmaps. In cloud, our unique offering continues to resonate with the hyperscalers, evidenced by the significant growth over the last 3 years. And this growth has only accelerated in the near-term as work and learn from home has significantly increased the demand for cloud infrastructure. Our customers are looking for much more flexibility in their server and storage hardware supply chains, while greatly reducing their cycle times. The message that is resonating with our customers is our design to dust capability to provide a consistent experience across capabilities, functions and geographies. Keep in mind that when we talk about our design to dust value prop, we can design, create, make and recycle all within the same four walls, which is incredibly powerful as security and transparency at every step of the hardware lifecycle become continually more important to our customers. Coupled with our vertical integration strategy, this level of engagement creates very sticky relationships with our customers. It’s worth reminding everyone our cloud business is a bit unique and has been deliberately structured as a geocentric asset-light service offering. With this in mind in FY ‘21, approximately $1 billion in components we procure and integrate will shift from the current purchase and resale model to a consignment service model. We will benefit from higher margins and lower cash use in this business as a result of the transition, which will further bolster the asset light nature of our offering. Another area undergoing rapid disruption is the 5G wireless end market. Over the last several years, we have invested in accelerated NPI, test processes and R&D, increasing our stickiness with customers and so maintaining our leadership role in the manufacture of base stations and radios as we transition to a 5G world. We continue to see growth in 5G offset by legacy wireless as the market transitions to newer technology. In FY ‘21, we expect 5G infrastructure rollouts to continue as network operators upgrade their services. And then finally, within the legacy networking and storage end markets, we expect consistent networking demand, but reduced storage demand driven by cautious overall enterprise spend and the ongoing shift to the cloud. In FY ‘21, this demand dynamic coupled with our decision not to pursue other products that do not meet our margin and cash flow profiles will result in lower revenue. Following 3 years of tremendous growth as part of our diversification efforts, we expect EMS revenues to be down year-over-year, mainly due to the consignment shift within our cloud business and lower networking and storage revenue. With the current mix of business in EMS, we expect a healthy 80 basis points of core margin expansion in fiscal ‘21. Turning to the next slide, as I mentioned earlier, we expect to expand overall core margins through cost optimization and targeted growth. We also anticipate a COVID related negative impact of approximately $30 million to $50 million for the year, significantly less than FY ‘20 due to fewer COVID related disruptions in our plants and the supply chain, along with lower PP&E costs. As a result at an enterprise level, we are well-positioned to deliver 4% in core margins for FY ‘21. Turning now to our CapEx guidance for FY ‘21, net capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $800 million consistent with FY ‘20. This will come through a combination of both maintenance and strategic investments for future growth. Let’s talk about our maintenance CapEx for a moment. We now have over 100 sites in 31 countries. At this scale, our factories require approximately $550 million in annual maintenance investments. This is inclusive of investments in areas such as IT, automation and factory digitization, which will drive optimization across our footprint and position us to deliver higher profitability. We are also investing in strategic growth in targeted areas of our business that are expected to deliver strong margin expansion and free cash flow. The bulk of our strategic growth CapEx will be in the healthcare, automotive, 5G wireless, semi-cap and packaging end markets. Turning now to free cash flow, in FY ‘21, we intend to continue generating strong cash flows as a result of earnings expansion, along with our team’s ability to execute and efficiently manage working capital. Working capital improvements will come mainly through improved inventory levels. These factors, coupled with our disciplined CapEx, gives me confidence in our ability to deliver adjusted free cash flows of more than $600 million in FY ‘21. Turning now to our capital allocation framework, our capital return framework beyond organic investments will prioritize the commitment to our dividend, share repurchases and a combination of targeted M&A, and optimizing our capital structure. We are comfortable with our ability to generate strong cash flows, which will allow us to continue to return capital to shareholders, maintain investment grade ratings and ensure we maintain an optimal capital structure. Turning now to our first quarter guidance on the next slide. EMS segment revenue is expected to increase by 1% on a year-over-year basis to $3.8 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to decrease 15% on a year-over-year basis to $3.2 billion. We expect total company revenue in the first quarter of fiscal ‘21 to be in the range of $6.7 billion to $7.3 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $295 million to $335 million, with core operating margin in the range of 4.4% to 4.6%. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $238 million to $283 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.35. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.79 to $1.02. The tax rate on core earnings in the first quarter is estimated to be in the range of 26% to 28%. As we transition to our final slide, you can really begin to see the earnings power of a diversified and balanced Jabil. Today, our business serves a diverse plan of end-markets in areas that provide confidence in future earnings and cash flows. We have deep domain expertise complemented by investments we made in capabilities, all of which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver 4% in core margins in FY ‘21 along with $4 in core EPS and more than $600 million in free cash flow. And importantly, our balanced capital allocation framework approach is aligned and focused on driving long-term value creation to shareholders. I would like to thank you for your time today and thank you for your interest in Jabil. I will now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks Mike. As we begin our Q&A session, I would like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. Good morning and congrats on a strong finish to fiscal ‘20. Mark, I just wanted to start on COVID cost, it was I think you said $25 million lower than expected in the quarter. So I think in the quarter, a little under $10 million a month. Thinking about where you sit here towards the end of September, is that still getting better? I am just trying to understand how much you have to go to get to this $30 to $50 million that you talked about for the full year in fiscal ‘21? And secondly, just to clarify is the $50 million or so restructuring program the reason that this came down or is that separate and on top of this, I just want to make sure I am not double counting?
Mark Mondello: Hi, Adam. Thanks for the nice comment. I will let Mike talk about the restructuring and maybe let’s get it clarify that a little bit. In terms of COVID, geez, I am really happy with how we handled it all in a really, really kind of opaque, murky deal. I mean, we take you back to February, things are blowing up. I think our COVID costs in February on a total monthly basis were like $55 million, $60 million for the month then we moved into Q3 and COVID costs were around $50 million and then Q4. As we are sitting in the June call, I think either Mike or I said Q4 would be around $40 million, $50 million. And as we got into 4Q, June was still kind of along that run-rate that has started to dissipate a bit in July and in a more normalized run-rate when compared to FY ‘21 as we are leaving August and as we continue to index through September, our run-rate in September looks to be much like August. So, assuming that the whole world doesn’t blow up again, at that point, all bets are off, but with everything kind of the way we see it, we feel pretty confident in the 30% to 50%, I think a way to think about those costs are maybe 60%, 65% in the first half of the year and something like 35% to 40% in the back half of the year. And with that, maybe you could expand a little bit on the restructuring question. I will let Mike address that.
Adam Tindle: Yes, I was just trying to understand what the restructuring, is that what is helping the COVID costs to get better or is the restructuring program on top of this and going to help in Q1,
Mike Dastoor: The restructuring effort is on top of that nothing to do with the COVID reduction at all, Adam?
Adam Tindle: Okay. And maybe just as a quick follow-up, I wanted to understand from a seasonality perspective as we think about fiscal ‘21. It’s just a little bit unusual based on your Q1 guidance to see revenue down sequentially in November quarter for Jabil. So, maybe you could touch on why that’s occurring is that – is the full move to the consignment shift in Q1 and what it means for the out quarters and also the cadence of margin as that occurs? It looks like you are starting at such a high point about mid 4% range in Q1, but the full year is guided to around 4% just trying to understand the cadence of the drop-off in margins as well? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Yes. So there is a couple of things in that. One is if I take a look at kind of our DMS business, I think kind of year-on-year Q1 ‘20 to ‘21 in the range of around 1%, so on the DMS Q1 to Q1. And I would think about our DMS business, Adam, more kind of first half to first half just based on timing of some products. So, if I take a look at and I don’t know – I don’t know the exact numbers, but rough numbers would be kind of DMS, first half, first half of ‘20 to first half of ‘21, we will probably see growth in the 6% to 8% range. And then I think if you look at the blue green slide overall for the year, DMS, so will be up about $800 million from call it 13, 13.2 up to around 14. So, I wouldn’t get too caught up in the Q1 revenue numbers. And then overall for the enterprise, if we execute well in Q1, like Mike said in his prepared remarks, we expect margins to be around the 4.5% range. With that same execution kind of total comparison, we could have a six handle on our margins for DMS in Q1. So, off to a relatively strong start which is typically how our years kick off. And I would say as I think about kind of Q2, Q3, Q4, if I am thinking about shaping the year, at an enterprise level, margins should be pretty stable. So, if we kick off with a 4.5%, I think Q4, we could end somewhere around 4% and then Q2, Q3 in between in the high 3s something like that and if you sum all that up kind of on a weighted average basis, EMS to DMS, we are shooting for 4% overall for the enterprise for ‘21.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thank you for taking my questions and congrats on the strong guide and the $4 target for fiscal ‘21, which is pretty much what you had guided in fiscal 4Q ’19, so that says – congrats on the guide. Just my first question, conceptually, I am wondering why add automotive and transport into DMS, so just your thoughts on why that segment was added into the DMS segment?
Mike Dastoor: I think it’s because every couple of years Ruplu, we have been on, I don’t know a 5 – 4, 5, 6-year journey. And we disengaged with BlackBerry back in the day. We sold our services business. We are really successful with in the mobility sector. And we have been working really, really hard to continue to diversify the portfolio. I don’t think that work is ever done, but where we sit today, if you just kind of sit back and look at the – for lack of better word, the portfolio slide on the blue and the green, geez, we have got, 8 areas of our business reflected there and I just love the way it looks. I said something like that in my prepared remarks. As part of kind of always reshaping there, I think I use the word contouring the portfolio we would like to have businesses together that makes sense from a capability perspective and market perspective. And we just felt like automotive and transport fits really well with our healthcare business in terms of overall regulated markets. And then the other shift we made and again, I know this can be aggravating to investors, because it ends up being a lot to follow. That’s not our intention. Our intention is to give us a good platform again for the next 24 to 36 months. We took our smart home business, which had been in our networking storage, because a lot of devices in home were networked together and we moved some of that over to connected devices just because of 5G coming on board. And when we think about things throughout the home, from a capabilities and an end-market perspective, it fit really well into connected devices. The good news is those modest shifts don’t change the enterprise level numbers, but that’s the logic behind it.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks. Thanks for the clarification on that. Mike and for my follow-up just on the EMS segment, just looking at industrial and semi-cap, you are guiding year-on-year flat at $3.5 billion. That just seems a little conservative given industrial end market should improve next year. And I assume semi-cap is not a target revenue or margins it should be improving. So, just your thoughts on what are the puts and takes in that segment, why are you guiding flat revenues year-on-year?
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to get into all the puts and takes only because Ruplu our industrial business has all kinds of puts and takes. I would say, I’d – if I were to knowing that we are not going to be right on any of these numbers exactly, if I had to handicap industrial and semi-cap, I would say I agree with your comments. If there is, if we are going to handicap that one way or the other sitting here today for the year, there is probably more upside than not, I would say certainly in – certainly in semi-cap and that’s offset by some softness at the moment in industrial and I think Mike talked in his prepared remarks about construction starts both residential and commercial we think will soften a bit, certainly through the first half of the year and then regain some momentum towards the back half of the year, but I think you are thinking about that the right way.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for taking my questions and congrats again on the strong guide. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citigroup. Your line is now live.
Jim Suva: Thanks. Could you spend a little bit of time talking about the shift to consignment model and not that there is anything wrong with doing that, but was it – is it across all your customers or particular customer driving that and is it all completed in calendar – I am sorry fiscal Q1 and the revenue impact, because I believe it would be a revenue comes out of the model four? And then I am just wondering does it impact seasonality going forward?
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. Sure. So, I think it’s really important for everybody to understand that our move to consignment wasn’t reactionary it wasn’t something that we just thought of. If you go back and I don’t remember when we first started talking about our cloud business, it was 4, 5, 6 earnings calls ago. I remember at that point in time, we gave it enough attention we were doing the JJMD deal and we also in one of those calls, we had two separate slides, one talking about our JJMD engagement in collaboration, which by the way is going very well and then we had a slide on cloud. There is a lot of questions at that time about are we getting into white box manufacturing in this set and the other and we have been very, very consistent in our approach strategically the cloud business that we are going to go into this in the geocentric service model, it was going to be a very asset-light very agile model both on the fixed asset and networking capital side as that business is scaled through, call it back half of ‘19 all through ‘20, we have always had a thought process in terms of again keeping the networking capital asset-light as well. So this has been in the works for quite some time. And I would say the consignment model that we have went through is largely around our cloud business and it’s largely in place. So, again, if you look at the shape of our EMS business, I think our guide for Q1 per Mike’s comments in the press release is like $3.2 billion for EMS. You compare that to a $3.7 billion, Q1 ‘20 to Q1 ‘21, that’s just reflective, largely around consignment. And then we also have some intentional reshaping of our networking storage business on top of that, but I would say, you can consider it in place and it will be reflective quarter-to-quarter throughout the year.
Jim Suva: Got it. So, you said effectively in place in Q1 so that would mean the revenue impact is pretty much all absorbed in Q1 and going beyond Q1, it sounds like revenue seasonality should be closer to normal, because it seems like Q1 would be hindered a little bit because of the shift to consignment model if I understand consignment correctly, where you won’t recognize the revenue, you are just going to pass that through?
Mark Mondello: I want to be careful that I understand your comment, because this is kind of an important topic. The $3.2 billion saying it straight up right, the $3.2 billion guide for EMS in Q1 is fully reflective of the consignment model. So there is no – there is no jeez, we are going to come back and go, the $3.2 billion turned into $2.5 billion because of consignment, it’s all in. So, again if you take that new and you take a look at our Q1 ‘21 relative to our Q1 ‘20 EMS, I think you will see the distinction there Q1 ‘20 in EMS was around $3.7 billion, something like that, Q1 of ‘21 is $3.2 billion. So again, it’s fully reflected. In addition to that, Jim, I believe that the blue green slides that we shared I spoke to it a bit, Mike went a bit deeper shows our overall company revenue for the year around $26.5 billion. The EMS segment, which is where our cloud business sits, show shows $12.5 billion. So again, overall for the company for the year $26.5 billion midpoint, about $14 billion of that is our DMS segment $12.5 billion is our EMS segment. That’s where our cloud business sits. Those numbers also are fully reflective of any and all consignment.
Jim Suva: Got it. Thanks so much. And my last follow-up is with the U.S. being a political entity list of can’t build to, can’t ship to things like that, is any of that impacting your company and how should we think about that?
Mark Mondello: Well, we talked about that last year. That was a hot topic as we were coming out of ‘19 into ‘20 and COVID kind of dominated everything. But that’s something we watch every week, every month. And I think we had talked about the fact that the first half of ‘19, I may have – I maybe off the quarter to Jim, but directionally as we exited fiscal ‘19 going into first half of ‘20, somewhere in that timeframe, when the tariff talks were hot and heavy and relatively new in front of headlines, we had said we were going to have a two to three quarter portion of our business, where we were going to spend upwards of $20 million, $25 million in terms of moving product around for customers. At that point in time, we have suggested that if the macro holds or even weakens a little bit, all of this product needs to get built. And I can’t think of a better place for customers to build it than at Jabil just because of our global footprint. So, we can continue to keep an eye on that. As mentioned previously that if we kind of collate up all of our business in Mainland China as we sit today and I have said this in the past, there are certain parts of that business that we just don’t think will move based on the indigenous supply chain and other factors. We have also said that there is a significant amount of our China revenue today that China for other parts of the world, non-U.S. and then the China revenue that we have that happens to be products to be consumed and shipped to the U.S. Some of that has already shifted and some of it customers look at it and they are comfortable keeping it in China for now.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details and clarification. It’s greatly appreciated.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steven Fox from Cross Research. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Mark, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about as you not to put the cart before the horse and actually hitting $4. But you have been messaging that, that wasn’t a major top line driver to getting to $4 over the last couple of years, it was more about improving margins on the different new programs you win – what have won. So, can you just talk about how much of that is still holding true? And then as you transition through those new programs, what is the messaging to the go-to-market teams beyond this year? Is it to return to growth leverage more internally, etcetera? And then I had a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Okay. Well, there is couple questions in there and I appreciate you not putting the cart before the horse, although I think we have kind of asked for it, because we came out with the four and the four. So, we got a lot of work to do to deliver the four and the four, but we wouldn’t have put it out there, if we didn’t see a clear path. Yes. For the last 3, 4 years, we have been talking about diversifying the top line, but at the same time, we have been caveating those comments with the fact that we are not going to chase revenue for the sake of chasing revenue. We are going to diversify income and cash flows, which is exactly what I think we have been up to. And I would suggest our team has been quite successful in that. If I think about FY ‘21, we are certainly not chasing revenue because on an absolute basis, some of this is consignment, revenues going down, but again, I would say overall, it is about us kind of continually taking a file and not a chisel and filing the portfolio with a real kind of no kidding focus on the margins in the cash flows. So, that’s what we are up to and we are going to work really hard to do our best to deliver that the four and the four.
Steven Fox: Thanks for that. And then just as a quick follow-up, I understand the accounting math behind the consignment shift, but what does it mean in terms of your ability to drive better engagements with those cloud customers? Is that a competitive advantage? Is it something everyone is doing or what would you say that means in sort of at the customer level for this shift?
Mark Mondello: I would say it’s neutral. That one aspect is neutral. It’s – there is in our geocentric asset-light service business there is high dollar components, where we don’t provide much value. And so having those pass-through materials is distortive to the real returns we should be getting on the value add we provide the customer. I would say our cloud business is founded on the services our team provides the geocentric nature of it, the flexibility, the agility, I mean, I think about COVID was unplanned and COVID hits and all of a sudden, people are working remotely working from homes and the ability of our of our cloud team to react all by the way as well as our mobility team and our connected devices team. I mean, those volumes spiked up. So, I would say it’s the most important part of our approach to that model is – or that businesses is the model itself and the relationships that we have, Steve.
Steven Fox: Thanks. That’s helpful. And good luck in game four.
Mark Mondello: Yes, we will need it. It was a good win by lightning last night. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good morning and thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the strong quarter. The first question was just following up on what Steven was just talking about in the cloud business and the company has been driving some very nice growth in cloud, I think one customer in particular has been good, but Jabil has talked about having a handful of customers in cloud and some opportunities to grow. Obviously, that’s a market that should exhibit growth, but grow as Jabil becomes bigger within the cloud markets. You have done a little bit more what sort of opportunity Jabil sees either in FY ‘21 or longer term to continue to take share within the cloud business?
Mark Mondello: Mark, I really appreciate the question. I am not trying to duck the question. But we are in the process now of varying conversations going on with current customers, hyperscale customers, smaller customers. So, I just – I don’t want to get into it on a customer by customer basis. I think what we have said in the past is we have got reasonably good confidence in our approach to what we are doing in that market overall and we certainly expect that market to be kind of multi-customer faceted if you will and that’s still our path and still our intent.
Mark Delaney: Okay, that’s helpful and understand the sensitivities. One other question I wanted to understand I think is on the mind of one investors who I speak to is thinking through some of the cyclical dynamics and the risks that either because some of the geopolitical tensions with China or just with COVID supply chain uncertainties, there has potentially been pre-buying taking place that in uncertain end markets, you talked about how Jabil is thinking about that risk and what you may have factored in as you were contemplating your 2021 outlook?
Mark Mondello: Which risk in particular?
Mark Delaney: Well, I think in a few areas, one is to the extent you are hoping there is any customers in China and they are worried about some of this geopolitical tension have they pulled in, but even, just more broadly with, there has been some uncertainties around, what ability has the supply chain been able to serve as customers and if customers worried about, companies not being able to manufacture or maybe they are pre-building products, because they just didn’t know how COVID may impact just the overall supply chain. So, had they maybe built – pulled in any of their plans, so just high level to the extent you have seen for either COVID or geopolitical reasons, customers building more than maybe they otherwise would have? Do you think you have seen any of that or did you try and think about that risk at all when you are contemplating your 2021 outlook?
Mark Mondello: Okay, I understand the question and it’s appreciated. I would say, if I am sitting on your side of the table, along with kind of the buy side folks, it’s immaterial. I will give you an example. And I am not suggesting that there is not pockets that are material, but in the big picture of what we just guided to our outlook for Q1 and then certainly for ‘21, I think all those puts and takes there is a lot of them, I think they are immaterial. I give you an example. There has certainly been on Steve Borges’ business with healthcare, there has certainly been some upside near-term upside in healthcare through the back half of ‘20 and probably the first quarter or two in ‘21 demand driven solely by COVID. Yes, there has been a falloff in his business due to COVID with elective surgeries as an example. Yet you spin all that up and you kind of get kind of a normalized business plan and same holds true with some puts and takes industrials, same holds true with some puts and takes in connected devices, although that ended up being a net strength. So, I would say all in all, we don’t have a crystal ball, but our Q1 guide and our overall outlook for the year, Mark, we have taken kind of all those puts and takes, we have stress tested it with all the teams and we feel like we have kind of normalized it to the 4%, the $4 and $26.5 billion in revenue.
Mark Delaney: Understood. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instruction] Our next question today is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live. Hello, Matt, perhaps your phone is on mute. Matt, if you can hear me, I cannot hear you. Please return to the queue by pressing star one. Our next question today is coming from Shannon Cross from Cross Research. You line is now live.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I had more of a big picture question as you look forward over the next few years. You talked about the investment that you are making in terms of CapEx and maintenance in that within your facilities. But I am curious, what kind of drivers do you see really improving productivity and providing more of a margin either to you or to your customers from a technology perspective within your factories and sort of how do you see the I don’t know the factory of the future in the next few years? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Okay, Shannon, that’s a cool question. That’s kind of what we are all about. We are a company at the core that builds stuff. And so we are, if I think Mike, when you talked about CapEx in his prepared remarks talked about a split between growth and maintenance, I would say in terms of productivity in the factories, that’s probably split between maintenance and growth. I would say, we are one of the leading companies that I know of in terms of automation what I would call flexible automation, what I would call automated, real useful automated platforms, you combine that with augmented reality, that will start hitting our factory floors, you combine that with machine learning. And then the other thing I think that sets Jabil apart is as you take all of that, Shannon, we have got a ton of factories, call it, we run our – we largely run most of our business on 35, 40 sites, although we have more. If I take those – if I take the sites that are most impactful to our earnings, they are all wrapped together in a single holistic IT system and I don’t know that anyone else has that. So, we will always continue to invest and invest aggressively in terms of the technology the productivity that you alluded to. I think what shareholders should hold us accountable for is with those investments and with the aggression around that type of investing I would hold us accountable for continued margin expansion and good cash flows. If I think about the journey we have been on, on top line diversification, where we have been going through that, our margins for 2, 3 years have been stuck around 3.5%. We are starting to see the efforts come through on the margin line. That’s why we – that’s why Q1 is looking at 4.5% and the year around 4%. So, I think the returns we are getting on those investments are coming through in terms of our bottom line.
Shannon Cross: Okay, thank you. That’s helpful. And then can you talk – you talked about strength in healthcare, but maybe if you could be a bit more specific, I know obviously, there was pressure from electives not happening and benefit from COVID in the near-term. But what other key drivers maybe you can talk about the Johnson & Johnson relationship are benefiting healthcare? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Well, I don’t want to – the – I look at the J&J collaboration and that’s kind of business as usual now. We spoke about that for a number of calls. That partnership that the team that’s responsible for that, that has gotten so deep and boy has that turned out, I think from both sides, we had high expectations. I think it’s turning out better than even we expected and I hope J&J would feel the same, but that the business is so far beyond that. I mean, I think we are talking about healthcare and packaging combined, bumping up towards $5 billion. I think about that business, Shannon. I always have my timing a little bit off, but it’s typically directionally correct. Our healthcare and packaging business in FY late ‘17, early ‘18, was like a $2 billion business, then it started bumping up against $2.5 billion. FY ‘19 healthcare and packaging, was probably closer to $3 billion. Last year, it was closer to $4 billion. And now we are bumping up against $5 billion. And again, as pleased as we are with the Johnson & Johnson collaboration, it’s just it’s a lot more than that. Steve and his team are focused in areas so broad-based today relative to 4 years ago with things like pharma, the med device, orthopedics, diagnostics, etcetera. And then I think they will also start to gravitate towards digital analytics and digital diagnosis as well. And then you add to it, I am very, very excited about what the next couple of years hold for our consumer packaging business as well. So, that line item when you look at it on the green blue slide, again, this is a little bit of a commentary around the whole company, but the healthcare packaging line is as diverse both end market and customer base as it’s ever been.
Shannon Cross: Great, thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Shannon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Obviously, lot to like here. I was particularly impressed by the statement of intent around diversity and inclusion. So that was welcome. Couple of quick things. One is you sounded, Mike, like you intentionally called some business in DMS segment, I think I heard that correct, what was the criteria for doing so, what impact does that have in terms of the year-on-year sort of base percentage growth or headwind, I suppose in 2021?
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Paul. Thanks for the question. We did call some we are constantly reshaping the portfolio as we see it right now on the networking and storage side, in particular. We have been looking at all businesses we have. I think we have declared a couple of years ago that we are focusing on margins. We are focusing on free cash flow. And we are tightening up all our financial metrics around existing and future customers. So, that’s one of the areas that we have looked at, in particular. I talked about connected devices as well in my prepared remarks. That’s another one where we have gone and called some customers there. So, it’s all directional. We have said we will do that. We will focus on that. And that is exactly what we are doing.
Paul Coster: And can you quantify in terms of headwinds on the – for that segment year-on-year?
Mike Dastoor: Yes, if you look at the blue and green slide, I will just highlight the networking and storage, that’s the last line on the blue side, that’s down by about $600 million. A lot of that is a simple straightforward, hey, let’s get this to our financial metric levels and then you have connected devices on the green side as well. That’s the – there is parts of business that are doing really well on the connected devices and then there is parts that we feel the financial metrics don’t just justify moving ahead with them.
Paul Coster: Okay, got it. I think Mark, you mentioned that you are starting to see sort of green shoots in the auto space, especially with electrification, which is good, but it’s really confusing monitoring that space at the moment. The big Tier 1s all seemed poised, but not active and instead just seeing a lot of small companies, kind of sneaking into the space at the moment and that seems to be where most of the action is and they are focused on sort of niche markets that seemed to have the best playback perhaps on electrification. Do you concur that that’s the kind of business that you are seeing now or are you actually starting to see the beginnings of the passenger vehicle market kicking into your business?
Mark Mondello: What I would concur is it is confusing from the outside in, it’s an interesting market. I think, I don’t want to generalize, but a portion of the automotive market is starting to be just a big rolling mobile device and that’s a really good spot for us and that’s where we are focused most of our attention. We do support legacy automotive technology. But as we continue to look forward, a lot of our attention will be again, if you just think of the automotive industry in the next 10 years being a connected device on four wheels. That’s kind of how we look at it and that’s where we are making most of our investments.
Paul Coster: Do you think that the inflection point there is in a couple of years still, I mean, that’s the impression I get is 2022, 2023 that the action really starts to heat up?
Mark Mondello: I would say that’s probably best case. Yes, we are thinking somewhere I would say volumes and whatnot start to heat up call it 2025, something like that, but there is a lot of work. There is a lot of work that goes in between now and then. So, we will be busy.
Paul Coster: Alright. Thank you. Appreciate that.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Paul. Yes.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thank you. So, I did want to thank you for all the details so far, Mark and Mike. One follow-up question regarding your guidance for the storage and networking segment, I understand that you are reshaping at walking away from some programs that are not profitable or don’t give you returns goals. But could you talk about how you see those end-markets playing out particularly storage, it sounds like you are looking at your further weakness there because of the move to the cloud? And then beyond that, we are seeing not as stable, but some of your peers also walking away from some of these programs in the data hub space, where they are not needing certain metrics and goals. And at some point, it looks like the leverage might swing back to the EMS guys like you – where you make win deals, because customers really have nowhere to go.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I don’t know, I look at it quite simply as I want, I don’t ever – I don’t want ever want to walk away from a relationship. But there are certain relationships where if we get to a point that customers can provide, others than Jabil business and get better value-add for it, then so be it. And I think in the network storage space, it’s been a market that we have played in actively since the early 90s. We have got some longstanding relationships that are, I don’t want to lose, but again, if we get to a point where things start to change, our value proposition starts to fall off, there is no reason to force that. And I think if I think about how well diversified the company is today when those situations occur, we don’t need to force it. I think that, that’s a – of the eight different business line items you are seeing there on the blue green slide, that’s an area at least specific to Jabil, that probably isn’t going to have a lot of hyper growth to it for some of the reasons you described and others. If I had to handicap it today, again, knowing that our numbers aren’t going to be exact, the $2.2 billion we are showing in that line item, I think it might come in a little bit stronger than that, but again, directionally, I think network and storage will be down year-on-year.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thank you for that. And Mike, regarding the inventories, which came down nicely and your inventory days were down and you did talk about that the supply chain being a little bit more efficient than it had been. Do you expect to maintain those low inventory levels as we get through next year and is that part of your pretty strong free cash flow guidance?
Mike Dastoor: Yes, that is certainly part of our guidance. That is part of our assumption. We are constantly working on inventory levels in the organization and I feel good about continuing to take that down further over the year.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you. That’s it for our call today. This call is concluded. Please reach out to us if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-06-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Adam Berry, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil’s third quarter of fiscal 2020 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today’s call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the discussion and view the slides, you will need to be logged into our webcast on jabil.com. At the end of today’s call, both the presentation and a replay of the call will be available on Jabil’s Investor Relations website. During today’s call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including among other things, those regarding our outlook for our business and expected fourth quarter and fiscal ‘20 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Mondello.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I’ll begin by providing a brief business update before turning the call over to Mike, where he’ll offer details on our Q3 performance and address our guidance for the balance of the year. So, before I get into the business at hand, I’d like to extend a warm thanks to our people here at Jabil for their hard work and commitment, especially during these trying times. I tend to think that successful and sustainable organizations are evaluated not only on their ability to deal with what they can control, but also on their ability to react and adapt to the environment, especially in environments that shift suddenly and shift unexpectedly. To this, I give our team high marks. Their response to COVID-19 gives me confidence and demonstrates our resiliency. At Jabil, we help design, develop and bring to life numerous products, products that the world depends on. In many ways, this pandemic has reinforced that Jabil itself is an essential business. If I may, I’ll now take you back to our second fiscal quarter for proper context specific to COVID. As our teams in China attempted to return from Chinese New Year in mid-February, they were faced with travel lockdowns, quarantines, and the need for social distancing. Add to this the fact that our sites in China were operating at less than 50% capacity. Given the ambiguity that was fast unfolding, we rescinded our financial outlook for the fiscal year. As we moved into the third quarter, COVID quickly spread impacting regions and countries that are home to our many factories. March quickly turned into April and April to May. And while many of us were hunkered down, following stay-at-home orders, transforming kitchens or bedrooms or garages into new found workspaces, our factories by and large continued to build and ship product. Most importantly, throughout it all, the global incident rate of confirmed COVID cases across Jabil remained remarkably low. I want to offer a special thanks to all of our frontline workers, those of you that work so hard in keeping our people safe, while taking amazing care of our customers directly from the factory floor, your ability to execute and perform has been nothing short of spectacular. And on top of it all, together, you created a COVID playbook that we use today across all sites, a playbook of protocols and best practices that we openly share with suppliers, customers, communities and competitors. Moving on to the critical business catalysts for the quarter. We saw strong demand in health care and packaging, cloud, edge devices and mobility. In our health care sector, we joined the fight against COVID as it was simply the right thing to do. Our teams quickly transformed manufacturing lines around the world, contributing to the production of critical products, such as ventilators, specialized manifolds, 3D printed components, face shields, protective masks and test kits. In terms of our packaging business, which serves many of the world’s top consumer brands, demand was strong in areas like cleaners and disinfectants, touch-less dispensers, antibacterial products, and eat-at-home food products. At the same time, internet usage was exploding, prompted by remote learning and video conferencing. Teams from our cloud sector along with the teams from our mobility and edge device sectors were in full-blown customer care mode as end users sought digital access to family, friends, business colleagues and patients, a trend likely to be part of the world’s new normal. During the quarter, these areas of strength were offset by weakness in our automotive and transport, and print & retail sectors. Nonetheless, our well-diversified commercial portfolio allowed us to deliver $6.3 billion in revenue, in line with our expectation. To me, this is quite meaningful. With each passing year, the blend of our revenues becomes better balanced and far less dependent on any single product or product family. Quite simply, greater diversification increases the reliability of our revenue. Having said this, and as we sit here today, the impact of COVID will cost us roughly $160 million to $170 million for fiscal year ‘20. Therefore, we’re taking aggressive actions to reshape the organization and ready ourselves for fiscal ‘21. We’ll reduce our workforce and in return lower our cost structure by roughly $50 million. I’ll now take a minute and express my appreciation for those impacted by this difficult decision, yet a decision that’s correct for the business. In taking this decision, we’ve done our very best to ensure that everyone is treated with complete respect, care and dignity. As we make our way through the summer months, there’s considerable work ahead as we prepare to host a call with investors, this coming September. For lack of a better description, we look at this call as having a conversation with investors, a conversation about how Jabil management is thinking about fiscal ‘21 during these uncertain times. It’s important to note that throughout this macro uncertainty, we remain steadfast in prioritizing free cash flow and expanding core operating margins. In closing, you can be assured that we’re navigating today’s issues, while being thoughtful about tomorrow’s challenges. Looking ahead, I believe our business landscape and how we choose to conduct our business may look and feel a bit different, it’ll possibly be more efficient, it’ll possibly be more optimized. I think, this can have real benefits as long as we don’t lose a single ounce of our customer intimacy or customer care. Also, I believe key secular trends will remain and remain in our favor. Lastly, plenty of stuff will still need to be built and building stuff is exactly what we do. Thank you. I’ll now hand the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before I cover our Q3 financial results, I thought it would be helpful to provide a brief update on how COVID-19 has impacted our business and the end markets we serve since we last spoke on March 13th. Following our call in March, COVID-19 quickly spread across the globe. However, as Mark indicated, for most of the quarter, our operations managed to remain largely open. Our teams were the local authorities and a large majority of our factories were deemed essential, so that we continue to build and ship products throughout Q3. In fact, since the end of March, we have largely been operating at 95% capacity, despite a handful of one to two-week closures in areas like Malaysia, India, and California. Putting it all together, at an enterprise level, demand largely held in Q3. However, the makeup of this demand varied extensively by end market and region as the COVID-19 outbreak and stay-at-home orders around the world impacted each in a unique way. Let me walk you through what we’re seeing in the different end markets today. Within mobility, the average out of season launch, which began in February is going extremely well. In tandem with this, the team has also started working on the launch for our upcoming seasonal next-gen mobility products, and this too is on track. Moving to edge devices and lifestyles. As more people work and learn from home, we’re seeing good demand for certain products, such as tablets, headphones and smart watches. In health care, we’re experiencing strong demand in the markets most critical in the fight against COVID-19, ventilators and ventilator splitters, oxygen, and temperature sensing equipment, diagnostic systems, including analyzers and test kits and masks ranging from protective face masks to reusable N95 masks. This trend is being offset by reduced demand for trauma and elective surgery products. Moving to packaging. As a reminder, our packaging business is a supplier to the world’s leading consumer packaged goods companies. COVID-19 is exerting enormous pressure on our customers to ship unprecedented levels of cleaning and food products. Because of this, we’re seeing increasing demand in packaging for laundry products, hard surface cleaners, touch-less dispensers and antibacterial wipes. In addition, we’re also seeing good demand for food packaging spurred on by more people dining at home. Moving to EMS. Within automotive, our near-term results and outlook have been diminished due to lower forecasted worldwide unit sales and OEM factory closures. However, looking forward, we expect weakness in the traditional automotive markets to be partly offset by additional growth in electrification, which continues to gain overall share of this market. In semi-cap, we’re seeing solid demand, driven by the ongoing recovery in this end market as infrastructure spending continues. New fab plant investments are multiyear investments. And so far, customers are marching ahead with their 2020 and 2021 roadmaps. In wireless and 5G, consistent with prior quarters, we continue to see growth in 5G that is being offset by 4G as the market transitions to newer technology. In the near term, we expect 5G infrastructure rollouts to continue as network operators upgrade their services. In cloud, our teams are seeing an increased demand for cloud infrastructure created by stay-at-home orders around the world, which is translating to higher growth. Moving to print and retail, we expect continued pressure in these end markets in the near term, driven mainly by office closures and stay-at-home orders. Turning now to industrial and energy. Demand has been relatively consistent to-date. But, moving forward, we are seeing signs of new building starts being delayed. This could have an impact on future demand. And then finally, within the enterprise end markets, we are seeing increased demand for networking products due to work-from-home dynamics, offset by cautious overall enterprise spread. We anticipate this demand dynamic to continue over the next few quarters. From a cost perspective, during Q3, we incurred approximately $60 million in direct and indirect costs associated with COVID-19 outbreak. The makeup of these costs consisted mainly of lower factory utilization due to lockdown restrictions, supply chain, inefficiencies and PP&E costs to keep our people safe. Turning now to our Q3 financial results. The combination of our ability to largely remain open, efficiently navigate sporadic factory shutdowns and the diverse nature of our end markets allowed us to deliver $6.3 billion in net revenue during the quarter, in line with internal forecast. To me, this is a meaningful and further illustration that our diversification strategy is working. GAAP operating income was $59 million and GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.34. Core operating income during the quarter was $172 million. Net interest expense during the quarter came in better-than-expected at $49 million due to better working capital efficiency and lower interest rates. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 53.7%. At the end of April, our non-U.S. entity’s tax incentive was extended by the government for an additional 10 years, which resulted in revaluation of certain of those entities’ deferred tax assets. While this resulted in a one-time charge of $21 million in Q3, moving forward, this tax incentive extension will continue to benefit our effective tax rate for another 10 years. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.37. It’s worth noting that the reevaluation of deferred tax assets negatively impacted our core diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.14. Next, I’d like to call your attention to an item, which impacted our GAAP results during the quarter. Over the past three years, we’ve experienced tremendous growth, adding in excess of $7 billion in revenue to our results. Importantly, the growth has been intentional and targeted at end markets that offer accretive margin and cash flow profiles. With the success in diversifying the business, we feel, it is an appropriate time specially admits the current economic landscape to take steps to proactively optimize our cost structure and improve operational efficiencies. Therefore, during Q3, we’ve taken steps to reduce our worldwide workforce. For Q3 we incurred approximately $50 million related to this, inclusive of severance costs and extended health care benefits to those impacted. We anticipate these costs will result in a net benefit to core operating income of $40 million to $50 million in FY21. This is in addition to the anticipated savings associated with the 2020 restructuring plan we announced last September. Now, turning to our third quarter segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $2.4 billion, up 13% year-over-year, while core operating income for the segment increased 27% year-over-year. This resulted in core margins expanding 30 basis points to 2.9%. Moving to EMS. Revenue for our EMS segment was $3.9 billion, down 2% year-over-year. From an end market perspective, we saw year-over-year strength in the cloud and semi-cap space offset by declines in automotive print and retail. Core margins for the segment came in at 2.6%. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. As anticipated in Q3, inventory levels contracted sequentially, with our days in inventory coming in at 67 days, a decline of three days, quarter-over-quarter. Cash flows provided by operations were $487 million in Q3, and net capital expenditures totaled $143 million. As a result of the strong third quarter performance and cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for Q3 came in stronger than expected at approximately $344 million. It’s worth noting, while we recorded approximately $50 million of expenses in Q3, associated with the aforementioned workforce reductions, the associated cash outflow will largely be in Q4. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.6 times and cash balances of $763 million. During Q3, we took steps to bolster our balance sheet adding over $625 million in liquidity, bringing our available committed capacity under the global credit facilities for $3.7 billion. With this additional capacity along with our quarter end cash balance, Jabil ended Q3 with access to more than $4.5 billion of available liquidity, which we believe provides us ample flexibility to navigate the current market environment, all while maintaining our investment grade rating. We repurchased approximately 800,000 shares for $21 million in Q3, bringing our total year-to-date repurchases to $190 million. Turning now to our fourth quarter guidance that includes approximately $45 million to $55 million in COVID-19-related costs. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 1% on a year-over-year basis to $2.5 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to decrease 8% on a year-over-year basis to $3.8 billion. We expect total Company revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 to be in the range of $5.8 billion to $6.6 billion for a decrease of 5% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $145 million to $245 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.86. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.04 to $0.50. Next, I’d like to outline our updated expectations for revenue in fiscal year ‘20 by end market. Within DMS, today’s revenue outlook is largely unchanged. Our diversification within DMS continues to pay dividends even in the current environment. We expect core margins for DMS to be 3.8% for the fiscal year on revenue of approximately $10.3 billion. Turning now to EMS. Within EMS, we’ve reduced our revenue outlook for FY20s driven by automotive, industry and energy, and print & retail, which has been partially offset by continued strength in cloud. We expect margins for EMS to be 2.6% on the year on revenue of approximately $15.9 billion. Putting it all together for the year, we now anticipate revenues will be $26.2 billion and core operating income to be $805 million. This outlook translates to core earnings per share of approximately $2.60 for the year. We also expect to deliver free cash flows in the range of $400 million to $450 million for the fiscal year. Considering this outlook, to me, it’s clear that our diversification strategy continues to work and has positioned us well to navigate an incredibly challenging market environment. In closing, I’m very proud of our Jabil team and their collective efforts over the past several months. Our early and focused efforts are working to protect the health and safety of our employees. And we continue to be vigilant in increasing our efforts in this area. I’m also very proud of the innovative ways in which Jabil’s teams have collaborated to join the global fight against COVID-19. I’ll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I’d like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we cannot address customer product specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on the strong quarter and guidance. Mark, for my first question, I want to ask you about your thoughts on DMS segment seasonality. In a typical year, your November quarter or fiscal 1Q is a strong quarter for the mobility segment, given the new phone launches that happen. But, if the world moves to a scenario where every year we have two main phone launches, maybe one in the May quarter or fiscal 3Q, then how should we think about the impact to DMS segment seasonality? And also, you also have a health care segment that is having strong revenues. So, at a high level, can you just help investors understand how you think about DMS revenue and margin seasonality?
Mark Mondello: Sure, Ruplu? I think, what I’d prefer to do is get into some of that detail during our discussion in September. I mentioned on the prepared remarks, even in this crazy environment, we’re going to do our best to get together with all investors in September and at least just let you know how we’re thinking about everything for fiscal ‘21. On the surface today, I’d be careful not to -- and I know you didn’t mean this, but for the group, right, I’d be careful not to interchange DMS with JGP. Our DMS business, again, is -- got a number of components to it. I would -- if I had to think about what we may say in September is, with the shape of our Green Point business, with the shape of mobility, with our significant diversification inside of JGP. And then, you add to it the tremendous growth we’ve had in the health care packaging side, I would say over time that maybe some of the cyclicality you saw in the business specific to DMS two, three years ago will flatten out a bit.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. That makes sense. And then, just for my last question, if you can talk about any component shortages that you’re still seeing, are you being impacted in terms of being able to ship any revenues because of component shortages? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: I’d characterize it this way, just so just have some relativity. If let’s say, pre COVID, let’s say the supply chain activity behavior pre COVID December-January timeframe was a 10, I think we hit our biggest, divot probably in the March-April timeframe, I’d call that maybe a 5 to 6. I’d say today, we’re back to an 8 or 9. And I think it stays there until we get to the backside of COVID, whenever that is.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great. Thank you so much, and congrats again on giving guidance for the next quarter. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Tindle of Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Adam Tindle: Thanks and good morning Mark, before the pandemic, you were thinking about just under $1 billion of non-GAAP operating income and the new guidance looks like you’d end up just under $800 million at the midpoint, vast majority seems like it’s related to COVID costs. And I wanted to dig into this. I think, you mentioned 160 to $170 million of COVID related cost expected for fiscal ‘20. So, if you could just touch on maybe some of the nature of the cost and really how permanent these costs are. I’d imagine there’s at least a portion of that that is non-recurring and should not impact fiscal ‘21. So, any sort of breakdown between what recurs and what is more of a permanent increase to the cost structure?
Mark Mondello: All right. Adam, I’ll take a shot at it and if I don’t get it right, come back at me. So, I think, pre-COVID, so let’s take -- let’s go way back to September. In September, I think we said for FY20, we do $960 million in core income, then I think in the December call, we took that up to $980 million, if I remember correctly. And today, we’re sitting with the model, if you take midpoint of Q4, we’re about $805 million, something like that, give or take. So, if I go back -- let's not go back all the way to September, I don’t think that’s fair because we took the numbers up in December. So, go to the December number, call it $980 million, today we’re at $805 million, the delta’s 175. And I think in my prepared remarks, I said that COVID-related costs would be -- for the year, would be a 160 to 170. So, the gap between December and now, 175, COVID related, call it 160 to 170. The rest of it is almost immaterial and a bunch of puts and takes, and noise. In terms of the COVID expense specifically, we talked a little bit about this in March when we talked about a $53 million charge in February alone. I think the nice thing that is happening here is the March call we did -- we had a $53 million charge to COVID, largely in partial February. So, on a monthly basis, we were -- COVID was costing us $60 million, $65 million a month. Then we moved to April, May, June timeframe. I think, Mike alluded to it, in Q3, COVID was about $60 million, give or take. And then, I think Mike in his prepared remarks was suggesting that COVID for Q4 would be $50 million. So, the nice thing is, touch wood, today, trends coming down a bit. I think that has to do with the fact that we’re becoming more optimized in our process and protocols, getting people in and out of factories. By the way, with our number one objective is at all of our factories keeping them safe. And then, how those costs break out, Adam, is we have direct costs which is largely around our protocols, temperature testing, PPE around all of our factories, very consistent to our COVID playbook, again, protocols, processes. Then we’ve had some disruptions in 3Q in terms of either government shutting down factories, states shutting down factories. Where we’ve had some confirmed COVID cases, we closed our factories until we can get testing completed. Through all that, we’re paying the idle labor. I think that’s the right thing to do in this time and place. And then also, we’re just -- just general pockets of disruption. So, today, our entire factory networks running at call it 90%, 95% and I think revenue reflects that. But, that could lead to the question of Gee, factory networks seem to be running at a normalized pace, why still the COVID costs? And the truth is, 3Q and we anticipate in 4Q, we’ll still have some one-off pockets of disruption, and we’ve kind of tried to handicap that as best we could for the fourth quarter.
Adam Tindle: Okay. That’s helpful. And it sounds like generally to summarize kind of on track versus your initial plan at the Analyst Day, if you were to exclude the COVID costs. And I don’t want to get too far ahead. But, as we think about the fiscal ‘21 plan that you laid out that had that $4 EPS number, if I think about what’s going on today, you’ve got an incremental $15 million cost optimization on top of it. It seems like DMS ramp is well on track. What would be maybe the headwinds today versus that initial $4 EPS number plan?
Mark Mondello: Let’s talk about that in September. And I say that not -- I don’t want to be evasive. Okay? But, man, our team is a bit tired, but boy -- and I talked about it in my prepared remarks intentionally. Our frontline workers are the folks at the factories. I’m always proud of our folks. The folks we have on the factory floor today dealing with this stuff every hour, every day, what they’ve done and given us the ability to -- at the beginning of the year, Adam, we talked about revenue being $26 billion. In December, we took that up to like $26.5 billion, $26.7 billion. And if we’re fortunate enough that the world doesn’t go completely haywire in the next 60 to 75 days, and we’re close to the midpoint of guidance for 4Q, we’ll do over $26 billion this year. I think, the numbers are coming in around $26.2 billion. That’s all -- that’s all our people at factories who are just amazing to me, especially through all this, because they are exhausted. I think what we’ll try to do our best is, in September and I refrained or stayed away from in my prepared remarks, I forget exactly what I said, but I didn’t really call it a formal Investor Day, because I just don’t know what the world’s going to look, either it is as Mike or Adam. But we felt like it’s important in September to go beyond a normal earnings call and try to lay out for you in a very descriptive way, how we see the world and we’ll provide you a fairly comprehensive assumption set. Man, I think -- and I say this all the time, and I said it for the four or five-year journey we’ve been on, the Company is diversified and our diversification in terms of our top-line, it’s somewhat kind of the main deal here in allowing us to hold revenue at what I think is a very, very solid level, all things considered. And again, in the most simplistic terms and you alluded to this with the opening of your question, which is, if COVID would have never occurred, I think sitting here as a leadership team, we feel very good that we would have delivered the 980.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jim Suva of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much, and congratulations on all the agility and hard work for your teams. Maybe a bigger strategic question. As we look at the world getting back post coronavirus, are there changes for more like localized manufacturing just from customers wanting to mitigate risk, meaning not be so concentrated in certain regions? And if so, I assume you probably have to talk about profitability, because putting together something in St. Petersburg may have a different cost profile than putting it together in a different country and then shipping it from the lowest cost, may be a little more expensive. But, can you kind of talking about are you seeing that having discussions, and does that really impact your profitability?
Mark Mondello: Could you clarify for me, so are you asking are we seeing -- specifically, are you saying are we seeing people, are they moving business around, are they moving business out of China, or is business moving back to the U.S.? Are you asking all of those or one of the three?
Jim Suva: Yes, kind of just in general, are those discussions happening and are they material or are they -- could you just kind of -- we read about the protocol trade wars, then we layer on a pandemic of health care on top of it. I’m just wondering, if this is facilitating less of a concentrated footprint, Jabil has a very strong worldwide footprint. And if so, I assume that you have to have some discussions about costs, just kind of overall the topic. That’s all.
Mark Mondello: Okay. So, I’ll give it my best. I think -- I don’t recall, I think it was the September call where we were in this trade tariff deal. That was kind of the headlines of the day and then COVID took over and trade tariffs just kind of taken the backseat, at least in terms of headlines. I believe what we said is, is there would be some cost -- our budgeting, if you will, for FY20 had suggested that the first half of ‘20, there was cost in there around trade tariffs as some customers were looking to hedge China. Not a lot of customers were leaving China. In fact, as we sit today, not a lot of customers that left China. We’ve had a number of customers that had hedged China on new products. And that’s played out largely as we thought, give or take. So then, COVID hit. And I would say, everything’s been in a little bit of lockup in terms of conversations with customers strategically because customers are just trying to figure out which way is up as are we. So, I -- if I had to think about maybe the discussion in September that’s a little bit more strategic, I would say not a lot changed since what we said September of 2019, at the beginning of this year. I think people will be a little bit more cautious in terms of having their product built as single site. That could be trade tariffs. That could be just because that could be because of Mother Nature concerns. I don’t know how much of that links to COVID. The good news and all that Jim is boy oh boy, I’m a real believer that there’s a lot of stuff that will need to be built that few of us on the planet today that have large scale have a huge advantage. I put our footprint in that for sure. Mike talked about our balance sheet and the liquidity we have in terms of continuing to invest and then just overall leveraging supply chain. So, as these dynamics ebb and flow, as they change, I think we’re in a reasonably good position.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details, and congratulations to you and all your employees.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Coster of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Chung: Hi. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking our questions. So, first, just on DMS, can you give us a sense for the relative strength between health care, packaging and mobility? From your prepared remarks, they strength seems quite broad, but judging by your unchanged fiscal year guide for this segment, assume health care was a largest driver, which obviously makes sense. But, if you could comment there and how these trends extend into in 4Q? And then, I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I would -- so I think what you asked is, is kind of a breakdown to DMS strengths, weaknesses. I would say, tactically and maybe strategically, depending on how the whole new world order is post-COVID, both Mike and I spoke in our prepared remarks on I think companies are going to do things a bit differently going forward. I had the good fortune to talk to lots of our customers and their CEOs and lots of conversation around, geez, are you going to travel as much, are you going to conduct business the same? I think, our new normal as a proxy is I don’t want to give one inkling of -- as I said in my prepared remarks, care and intimacy for customers. So, I think that’s where we’ll spend our travel dollars. I think, net-net, our travel dollars on an annual basis have come down. I think, we’ll use more digital tools. I bring all of that up because I think when it comes to our mobility business and our edge device business, and people using digital tools and working remotely for an extended period of time, I think that business will be in relatively good shape. And then, health care and packaging, both with our strategic plan around health care, and then with doing some PPE, I think we’re getting a little bit of an extra boost there. I don’t remember the exact numbers, but if you, for lack of better word on the chart that we provided in September, the blue green chart, I think, we had health care packaging for FY19 as just a little over $3 billion. And now the health care packaging is a little over $4 billion. And I would say, if things continue to go well for us, I see health care and packaging at a number greater than the 4 or $4.2 billion that you might see on the charts today.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then, just a quick follow-up on health care, specifically about elective surgeries and other products of that nature that are kind of related to COVID spurred demand. How did those products do in the quarter? And do you see ramps from maybe pent up demand possibly in the coming quarter? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I would say, from our observations, so don’t take this is -- again, a data point for the industry, but from our vantage point, elective surgery demand was down. I don’t think that’s any secret. I think that -- but yet on a net-net basis, we saw strength in health care. So, what you could surmise from that is there was a strong offset to our health care business. So, elective surgery demand down, both PPE and other areas of our health care were actually greater than the downtick we saw in elective surgeries on a net-net basis for 3Q. Here’s what’s interesting. I think an observation might be, geez, over time, maybe the PPE starts to fall off a little bit. How does that impact health care? Again, we’ll talk about that in September. But, I also believe that there’s going to be a significant pent up demand for elective surgeries, because a lot of these elective surgeries don’t go away, just logistically people can’t get them done in the middle of COVID. So the puts and takes on that are, if you look at our health care packaging business for fiscal ‘18, then you move to ‘19, then you move to ‘20, ‘21 and ‘22, I think that sector of our business is on a really good trajectory.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Just following up on some of those comments, Mark, can you maybe step back and talk about the progress you’ve made during this period in improving the margins on some of the health care programs and maybe broadly as well? And then, just as a follow-up, could you talk about some of the consumer packaging trends? You mentioned the pickup in that. I know you were sort of improving sort of the operations of that business going into the COVID pandemic. And so, is this -- is there a longer term adjustment we should think about with that business going forward? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: So, in terms of margins in health care, I think, we talked about that in September. We talked about the addition, the wonderful strategic addition of JJMD. We gave you guys some color around that. If you go back and look at our comments in September, I think those still hold. So, we talked about a multiyear transition with JJMD, both with top line, bottom line margins. I think that is in -- tracking, likely expected in September. And I envision that tracking back on that same path as we move to fiscal ‘21 and ‘22. So net-net, I think that’s positive. In terms of our consumer packaging business, Brenda who runs that for us has a just a ton of experience. And, although that business historically in the big picture of Jabil hasn’t been overly material, I think it will be, not just thinking about top line, but bottom line, I think that has potential to be a margin-rich environment for us. And with Brenda and her team, the things they’re looking at is the stickiness and/or how to lead with technology and engineering in a market that in many ways is just simplistic molding. That’s not the area we’re playing in. So, if I think about the trajectory of that business, I’m every bit as bullish on that, if not more, than my bullishness around health care. And then, Steve, in terms of margins in general, obviously, margins this year have been handicapped by COVID. But, I think it was Adam who was asking the questions and prompting the discussion around, geez, top lines holding pretty good, again proxy for our diversification. If you can kind of handicap for the COVID cost, I think margins this year -- I think at the beginning of the year, we said that -- last year, last couple of years margins have been 3.4%, 3.5%. I think, net-net, COVID this year, if you adjust, I think this year we would have done, again the 3.6%, 3.7%. And we will talk in September about how we’re thinking about margins for ‘21. And I do recognize that we have a guidepost out there of the $4 a share and 4% that we’ll address that in another couple of months.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shannon Cross of Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. And you may want to address, I’m sure some of this in September. But I’m curious, when you look at the revenue that was generated even beyond health care, because you’ve talked about it significantly, during the quarter from increased demand for COVID. So, whether it was some of the work from home or some of the packaging and that, I guess what I’m trying to understand is what’s the underlying business is. Were there some pockets of strength that surprised you, even beyond what you saw that -- I don’t want to say they’re one timers but obviously there’s been sort of a shift in where production has been. So, I’m curious, in 5G or some of the other areas, are you seeing incremental strength that’s sort of driving the fundamentals even beyond the upside that you saw from COVID? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Areas I was surprised in, I would say that the uptick we had around COVID directly for health care was probably stronger than we anticipated, if we go back to the March call. Is that sustainable? I think, it’s going to be sustainable for a while at some point that runs its course, starts to fall off. But then my comment about elective surgeries and things that are pent-up, I think feel a little bit of that pivot. So, maybe that was a little bit of a surprise. Our cloud business was kind of as expected. We saw good continued strength there. But, that was more on the expected side. I would say, the other area of surprise for us, or at least speaking for me, I don’t want to speak for the whole management team is, I think, maybe we underestimated how broad based this digital learning, digital schools and video conferencing would be, especially when you consider COVID, you just grossly underestimate the impact of the whole world. And I don’t think that’s going to be so temporary. So, I mentioned it in one of the responses earlier. So, in terms of our edge device business, things that -- anything to do with people communicating differently, I think as human beings, connection is really, really important. So, people are going to want to -- whether it’s augmented reality, WebEx, Microsoft Teams, Zoom, whatever tools people are using, they’re going to want to have tools that continue to advance and allow them to have a level of really good human connection. So, any device that has to do with that being maybe part of the new normal, I thought -- I think we saw some upside in that in 3Q. I think, we’ll continue to see some strength in that in the fourth quarter. And, my guess is, that strength will carry on through ‘21 and beyond.
Shannon Cross: And I was just curious on 3D printing technology in terms of manufacturing. Are you seeing more interest in that or was it sort of a nice to have because of the need for some of the PPE and that that they generated? Because I know you’ve been one of the leaders in manufacturing with 3D?
Mark Mondello: I would never -- as we sit today, never characterized 3D as a nice to have. I think 3D additive is finally that technology -- forget about COVID, I think that technology is a secular trend in certain areas. And I think we’re going to be leaning hard into that, especially in areas of health care, defense and aerospace, and automotive to start.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Matt Sheerin, Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: My question, Mark, regarding the $50 million in incremental costs cutting moves that you mentioned this morning. Could you talk again about sort of the reasoning for that? Are there certain end markets within EMS or DMS that you expect just a slower growth rate in your adjusting, or are there some mix issues as well?
Mark Mondello: It’s got nothing to do with any of that. So, throughout my long time at Jabil, we go through different pockets in the Company where growth rates change, they’re up, they’re down. We went through a significant growth for nearly doubling the size of the company over a fairly short period of time. I think every four or five years, I think it’s important for leadership teams to really reflect on what’s worked well, what hasn’t worked well. What we can do better; said differently, being adaptable and flexible to change. I think, our org structure that we had in place the last four, five, six years has served us really well, hence the tremendous growth. And so, we actually started talking in our strategic discussions in the call about, okay, what’s next in terms of the next three, four years in the Company? We’ve done a wonderful job of diversifying our top-line. We’ve made it clear to investors that our focus -- we’re going to take a little bit of -- a slight pause, a deep breath and focus hard on the cash flows and the margins. As such, pre-COVID, we were having lots of discussions about how to optimize the structure, how to remove any friction points in a company this size, how to be sure that everybody has access seamlessly and quickly to all of our capabilities. So, this was underway through the fall and into the winter. And then, COVID hit and added to our thinking around maybe taking some cost out of the business. So, it’s not really a reaction. I think, Mike and I both said in our prepared remarks, 3Q provided us some pockets of strength that was offset in a few pockets of weakness. This action has nothing to do with any of that. It just had to do -- it’s more structural in nature, it’s more permanent. I could suggest to you these costs aren’t going to come back when COVID is over. And I really like how it positions the Company for ‘21- ‘22 and beyond. The decision point we had to make as a leadership team is with everybody working remotely, did we think this would be a good time to go do this because things like this are not easy. And we made a decision to do it because if we can do it properly and get through the other side of this with the new structure as COVID starts to clear up, I think it gives us a really, really nice foundation to run the Company.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. That was very helpful. And just as my follow-up, Mike, regarding the balance sheet. It looks like your inventory days were down sequentially, which is credible -- certainly taking into account the supply constraints that you and your customers saw. You’re still up year-over-year. In terms of where you think that inventory is pointed directionally, do you expect to stay somewhat elevated as customers look to keep some buffer stocks? Are there still supply constraints? Or do you see that coming down over time?
Mark Mondello: So, in Q2, Matt, the inventory shut up to 70 days. I think we had some issues in China. There wasn’t anything being shipped out. So, the 70 days was unnaturally high. We’ve come down to 67 this quarter. So, progress, but not as much as I would have liked to see. So, my target right now is let’s get to that 60; in the medium to long-term, we need to be in the mid to low -- mid to high 50s. So, that’s the eventual target. Will we get that right away next quarter? The answer is no. But, over time, I feel good that we will get there.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. And thanks for taking the questions. First, I just wanted to better understand if Jabil is able to pass on maybe extra cost from COVID mitigation to customers on your existing projects. And are these costs related to COVID mitigation factor into the pricing discussion you’re having for new business?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Mark. The $160 million to $170 million for the year I spoke to the net cost. So, those conversations are going on all the time. Over our 400-plus relationships, 80%, 90% of those are highly strategic long-term. And those conversations, they have endless dimensions to them. So, let’s just say that we’ve got a business to run. Our customers understand we have a business to run. We also want to be very, very thoughtful to all of our customers because they’re going through tough times as well. But, be rest assured that I think those discussions for the most part that have taken place through the third quarter and will continue through 4Q and into ‘21, I would characterize as being very fair conversation.
Mark Delaney: Okay. That’s helpful. My second question, on the last earnings report, the Company didn’t have enough visibility to provide guidance, and there was uncertainties at that time related to both, production and customer demands. And on this call, you’ve already spoken at length about how the production side has improved in terms of component availability and factory utilization. I was hoping to better understand the demand side of the equation, and not so much in terms of different end markets and what you’re seeing, but just the visibility that you have into customer demand and ordering and how much visibility has improved and how that maybe led to your comfort in being able to provide guidance as we sit today for this call? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: So, let me try it this way. The processes and the tools and the analytics we use for understanding demand haven’t changed at all. And in fact, I really -- I’m glad we have the tools and the analytics we have because they’re helpful when the horizon gets a bit foggy. Those tools are helpful. I would say that -- so, net-net, the visibility we have is unchanged, the issue is, how much our data analytics and our resources align or misalign with some customers’ outlooks. And I think that’s where the tools are most beneficial, because if there’s a disconnect from what we’re seeing or we believe we should be seeing versus the feeds that we’re getting, the demand feeds, it’s driving lots of really constructive conversations. I think that there’s still going to be quite a bit of choppiness in the business, through the fourth quarter and into early FY21. I think that to have this feeling like COVID is behind us, the stock market’s doing great, the world’s getting back on its feet, I don’t think that’s the case. With that said, the reason we decided to give guidance for the fourth quarter is, we’ve tried our best to handicap multiple scenarios. We’ve kind of taken an average of say a dozen or so different scenarios. And I think we have a degree of confidence that justifies the guidance for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robert Muller of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Robert Muller: Hi. Can you just talk a little bit about your share purchase and allocation plans? Do you plan on resuming the pays that you expected pre-COVID, and if so, by what timeframe? And are there any rough targets for when you’d like to exhaust your authorization?
Mike Dastoor: We do have a $600 million authorization out there. We’ve done about 190 of that already. We’re going to continue to be sort of thoughtful on our capital allocation, the opportunistic -- I do want to balance buybacks with cash and make sure that our balance sheet is in a very strong position, which it is today. So, the answer is, we will be looking at it opportunistically for sure.
Robert Muller: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining us. Please reach out to us with any questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s event. You may disconnect your lines or logoff the webcast at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-03-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode, a question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Berry, Vice President Investor Relations for Jabil. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's Second Quarter of Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the discussion and view the slides, you will need to be logged in to our webcast on jabil.com. At the end of today's call, both the presentation and a replay of the call will be available on Jabil's Investor Relations website. During today's call, we may be using forward-looking including, among other things, those regarding the outlook for our business. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our forward-looking statements and in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now before we begin, I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss the agenda and objective for today's call. As a reminder, on February 25, 2020, we announced that the COVID-19 outbreak would negatively impact our second quarter results relative to the guidance that we had provided on December 17, 2019. And as forewarned, our second quarter results were, in fact, below our initial range of expectations, driven by approximately $53 million in direct costs associated with labor, supplies and supply chain inefficiencies, all caused by the disruptive impact of COVID-19. As customary, Mike will walk through our second quarter results, while also detailing the intra-quarter sequence of events that resulted in a material deceleration in earnings towards the end of the quarter. Although demand remains strong, and our manufacturing capacity continues to improve each day, the overall impact of COVID-19 on our business is still yet to be determined. Consequently, we're going to deviate from our standard quarterly call format in two distinct ways. First, we're currently not in a position to provide third quarter or fiscal 2020 guidance or outlooks for each of our end markets in fiscal 2020 as usual. Second, following Mike's prepared comments, we will move directly into Q&A in an effort to efficiently address your questions. We do, however, expect to resume to our normal cadence of call in the future. As Mark expressed in our press release on February 25, our first priority throughout this global pandemic has been the safety of our people. It simply makes sense to take care of our people, and we believe it's in the best interest of shareholders too. I can speak on behalf of everyone in this room when I thank all of those who jumped into action with a typical Jabil energy.  The team's swift response and hard work allowed us to be in a position to report our second quarter results today. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As Adam stated, our Q2 results were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak. Before I cover our Q2 results, I'd like to take a moment to walk you through the dynamics that unfolded during the quarter. We began Q2 with a stronger-than-anticipated start to the fiscal quarter. As we moved into February, demand held, but our ability to meet demand was greatly diminished as virus containment efforts ramped in China. during the quarter, we incurred approximately $53 million in direct costs associated with the COVID-19 outbreak. I'd now like to provide you with the makeup of these costs. First, we incurred additional labor costs in Q2. During February, we strategically made the decision to compensate our employees who are restricted and quarantined. These factors contributed to higher labor costs than we expected going into the quarter. Second, our factory utilization in China was negatively impacted in February due to travel disruptions and restrictions. To add further context to the higher labor costs and lower utilization, February began with the Chinese New Year holiday being extended by 10 to 14 days depending on location. Most of our larger sites in China began to come back online later than anticipated. And by February 14, we were only operating at 45% to 50% capacity. We exited the quarter at approximately 80% utilization in China. Third, during the quarter, we also incurred lost revenue associated with both upstream and downstream supply chain disruptions, which impacted our worldwide footprint. And finally, in an effort to keep our employee base safe and healthy, we incurred unanticipated costs to procure necessary supplies to keep our people safe, items, such as face masks, hand sanitizers, thermometers and personal protection equipment. I would like to highlight that February was an anomaly. Under normal circumstances, if demand diminished, our variable costs would have been materially lower as we would have adjusted our costs to the demand environment. Turning now to our Q2 financial results. Net revenue for the second quarter was $6.1 billion. GAAP operating income was $91 million, and our GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.02. Core operating income during the quarter was $159 million. Net interest expense during the quarter was $52 million. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 26.6%, in-line with expectations. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.50. It's worth noting that the additional costs associated with the outbreak negatively impacted our diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.25. Now moving to our GAAP results. As expected, we incurred $30 million in restructuring and severance-related charges in Q2, predominantly associated with the 2020 restructuring plan we announced in September of last year. This plan continues to remain on track and as a reminder, is expected to result in an incremental cost savings benefit of $25 million, mainly in the second half of FY20. Also during the quarter, we incurred a onetime non-cash impairment charge of approximately $12 million in connection with the sale of an investment in the optical networking segment. Now turning to our second quarter segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $2.3 billion. From an end-market perspective, we experienced good demand in the health care and mobility end markets. Revenue for our EMS segment was $3.8 billion. From an end-market perspective, we saw additional strength in the semi cap space, while demand in the balance of the business came in largely as expected. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. During Q2, our total days of inventory came in at 70 days, an increase of 13 days sequentially, driven mainly by idle capacity and supply chain constraints due to COVID-19. Higher inventory levels during the quarter were offset slightly by lower days of sales outstanding at the end of the quarter, driven mainly by lower February sales. Cash flows provided by operations were $63 million in Q2, and net capital expenditures totaled $205 million. We exited the quarter with a total debt to core EBITDA level of approximately 1.7x and cash balances of $697 million. Jabil has over $3 billion of global revolver credit facilities, and at the end of Q2, over 90% of these facilities were available. During Q2, we repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares for $72 million as part of our two year, $600 million authorization we announced in September. In closing, as always, Jabil's No.1 priority is the health and well-being of our employees. We are also focused on providing the best possible service to our customers. We take our responsibility as a global corporate citizen very seriously. These values motivate our teams to take significant measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and minimize business disruption in this very challenging environment. I'll now turn the call over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product-specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citigroup. Your line is now live.
Jim Suva: Thank you, very much. If I heard correctly, you gave some utilization rates. And I believe – did you say 80% was as you exited the quarter or as you stand now? And maybe you can update us on kind of where you stand now? Because it's been a couple of weeks since the quarter has ended, and then I'll probably have a follow-up?
Mark Mondello: Hey Jim, maybe stepping back to – if we go back to Chinese New Year, as people were coming back to our factories in China immediately after that with various quarantine protocols, our factories mid-February, we're running probably between 10% and 20%. As we indexed through mid-February, it moved to 40% to 50%. And I think Mike said in his prepared remarks as we exited the month, we were closer to 80%. As we sit here in mid-March, our China factories are actually near normal, and we have some pockets around the globe where factories are suboptimal. But I would say, from a utilization perspective, suboptimal by only 5% to 10%. Most of that is due to supply chain issues. In some odd way, as we sit today, I think China is the least of our concerns. But again, as we look forward in terms of overall global factory utilization, we're able to accommodate all of the demand that's in front of us as long as we can get parts.
Jim Suva: Perfect. And then that led exactly to my follow-up question was, is now the concern, kind of, focused on hey, it's great efforts that China is recovering is now the kind of the efforts keeping an eye on your other locations outside in case it spreads, and it sounds like you, kind of, alluded to, yes, but any thoughts on, I guess, that would be the next thing that you're watching and working on?
Mark Mondello: Yes, that’s fair. If you think about what Mike said, we had this $50 million hit to core earnings in Q2 that was broken out by – again, we had onetime quarantine infrastructure costs, idle labor, incremental labor costs, largely around China. The factory inefficiencies in China for – just kind of big picture, factory inefficiencies in China were largely due to labor shortages. That's mostly behind us now. Factory inefficiencies globally, not so much labor shortages, but supply chain constraints and again, we've got some pockets of inefficiencies, but largely, our footprint is up and running. So what else is really interesting in this, Jim, is in relatively short order, our team garnered significant experience in dealing with COVID-19 at the very front end of this pandemic because of our presence in China. And in terms of our actions and approach, we've shared our experiences openly with customers and competitors. And our playbook is ready and actionable if things get notably worse in North America and Europe.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for your details. And I concur that the actions you're taking to care for your people are first and foremost, most important. Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. Good morning. Mark, it sounds like, obviously, the supply and capacity side is incrementally better. So I just wanted to touch on demand. I think in the February release, you had mentioned that there was no change in product orders so I just was hoping for an update on that, with the heart of the question being investor fear would be how to mitigate potential negative leverage, given you've done a good job getting utilization back up. But if we have order cuts coming, how do you think about that for potential deleverage?
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Adam. If I might take the liberty, let me expand my answer and talk about, kind of, both sides of the equation, if I could, Adam. One is on the cost side. So again, Mike and during my response to Jim talked about, kind of, what made up the $50 million. The $50 million in February was not for a full month. So if I were to, kind of, extrapolate the $50 million for February on a monthly run rate if that continues to be about $60 million, $65 million against our core line per month. With all the work our team has done on the cost side, Adam, again, we see China getting better, and we think business interruption costs in China, they have declined and will remain a much lesser extent, relative to what we experienced in February. As we see North America and Europe, we think the potential for North America and Europe is to get a bit worse. You see kind of all the social dislocation taking place and whatnot. So what we've done on the cost side is it's a really foggy, kind of, opaque landscape, if you will, but, kind of, on a weighted average, blended average basis. For the month of March, we're planning on about $10 million to $20 million of business disruption and interruption costs across our footprint. And for April, we think it'll be much the same. Coming back to your specific question, if I think about demand in and of itself, this gets more difficult. But what I can tell you in terms of how we're budgeting and talking about the business internally in terms of costs and actions, we've haircut demand for March. We're going to haircut demand further for April. And then beyond April, it's really dependent on the – what I would say is the control and containment of the virus and then also the fear is directly related to the virus. So as everyone has seen this week, the macro backdrop, the landscape are changing day by day, and then the associated actions are compounding hourly. So that's, kind of, what's inside our head on how we're thinking about the business for the next 60 to 90 days.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And just to clarify, was that $50 million or so of virus related expenses excluded in the $0.50 of non-GAAP EPS?
Mike Dastoor: No, it’s included in the $0.50, Adam. If we hadn't included it, our EPS would have been $0.75.
Adam Tindle: Yes. Yes. It would have been a pretty nice quarter. Okay. And then just as a follow-up, Mike, can you maybe update us on cash flow given the new forecast? Do you have any feel around that? Do you think still $500-plus million for the year and also capital allocation, given, obviously, we're in a very new share price range? I think you previously were going to do $250 million of buybacks in fiscal 2020 and $350 million in fiscal 2021. Does it make sense to maybe change that weighting?
Mike Dastoor: So I’ll answer the second question first. We're continuing to monitor and be thoughtful about our capital allocation policy. While cash is extremely important, the share price is absurdly cheap right now. So we're trying to balance that, and we'll keep cash in mind, of course. For your first question, I think from a cash standpoint, we're pretty good. I think we had a great bank facility transaction in January. We – I think we had a $500 million senior note, $3 billion of bank credit facilities, and we've converted a lot of our short-term debt into long-term debt. So the timing is very opportunistic. It was lucky as well that it happened well before the COVID-19 outbreak started. We feel really good about our cash flow. And free cash flow, is it going to be in the $500 million range? Right now, as it stands, yes, probably in the $400 million to $500 million range. It's all about demand, Adam. Right now, while we're not seeing huge cuts from our customers, that could change at any point in time. But I think Mark talked about the social distancing that will have an impact going forward. We just don't know the magnitude and extent of it at this time.
Adam Tindle: Understandable. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Chung: Hey, guys. It’s Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking our question. So just a follow-up on customer demand and kind of the haircuts you're baking in? Are those more on kind of faster product cycle products? And are these, kind of, being pushed out maybe a couple of months out? Or if you could confirm if any of these products are being canceled?
Mark Mondello: It's too early to tell. I just think – I think it's really prudent for us to kind of haircut the business a little bit, starting in March, April. So there's no – there's not been an exact science to it. And even if we tried to take some type of fine scalpel and figure out what sectors, what business, it's impossible. So again, my commentary was really around – we can say absolutely nothing or we can try to kind of bring in to the heads of the leadership team, and my commentary around demand is things are very murky. We are planning for demand to soften a bit. And again, we're running internal cost and actions accordingly.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then on kind of new customer discussions, are you seeing more preference for America's production or Europe or with intentions of kind of avoiding potential areas more sensitive to tariffs? Are you seeing any trends there now more customers motivated to do so? And then how does that, kind of, impact your operating margins longer term?
Mark Mondello: We – I think we talked either the December call or the September call, the first half of this year, we are experiencing, I don't know, $10 million to $15 million in terms of bringing up additional capacity in places like Vietnam, Penang and Mexico. That still holds. What I would tell you is those kind of costs are minimal and very finite in terms of how all this impacts our margins, in terms of moving business around. I don't think it has much of an impact long-term at all because of our global footprint. So whether customers want to be served in China, Southeast Asia, Mexico, North America being U.S. and then Europe, we're in really, really good position based on our footprint. I think today, our footprint is well optimized.
Paul Chung: Great. And then my last question. So if you could just talk about the pricing environment. We know that Flex is kind of focusing more on the higher-margin business, kind of turning away some of the lower margin one. Is that kind of creating a floor on margins for new business? What would, kind of, be the alternative to Flex besides Jabil for like scale, volume? If you could talk about the dynamics there and how that, kind of, benefits you guys? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: I don’t know. If – margin is good for the industry. So I think if Flex is doing their thing. And I heard some of their comments earlier this week. If they're focused on raising margins, I think overall, that's good for the industry.
Paul Chung: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning. Thanks very much for taking the questions. The first question was on the component availability topic. I wasn't sure if you could provide any context relative to some of the past periods of supply chain disruptions, be it tariffs or floods or tsunami? And just what you're seeing today and some similarities with what you're seeing today versus some of those past examples? And on that topic, are there any particular end markets or component types that you're most concerned about?
Mark Mondello: Yes, Mark, I think it's across the board. What I will tell you is supply chain was quite normal, December, January, we started getting some fairly strong signals, especially around China and Asian suppliers that they were having a hard time with labor as people were coming back from Chinese New Year. We started hitting some real soft spots specific to supply chain late February. But what's been amazing to me is between our scale, our relationships and our overall actions and activities with the supply base in, call it, two weeks, our team has been deployed on the phones, and this could have been a very elongated, deep divot, if you will. We see it again, finite in terms of when it'll get completely back to normal, that's TBD. And again, the good news is China is getting back to normal pretty quick in terms of suppliers in Europe and North America, I think we still have to go through that cycle a bit. But as I said in the opening of Q&A, all of our global factories are running near what I'd characterize normal utilization, a few pockets being off 5% to 10%. But our supply chain team is doing a wonderful job.
Mark Delaney: Thanks for the details there, Mark. I also wanted to follow-up on your comment about some of the haircutting of the forecast. Do you think you're getting double orders and so that's why you're haircutting or potential and demand weakness? And so you're more just trying to proactively think about potential demand destruction? So just trying to think through how you guys are managing that? And is there any sort of rough quantification about what percent you're haircutting these forecasts? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I'll stay away from percentages just because – I don't even know that they make any sense. We're – I think about the current conditions, Mark, I think about the virus, the associated fears, the actions and then maybe in terms of demand, I think about it may be appropriately about the possible in actions both by corporations and consumers, say, over the next three, four, five, six months, we just don't know what that's going to be. So again, to take our demand signals, which today are holding reasonably well and just extrapolate that directly with no haircut, I just don't think that makes any sense. And I'll go back to – just this week alone, if you look at what's happened in the U.S. in terms of professional sports, concerts, group events and whatnot, some way, shape or form, that's going to have to have an impact on small business, et cetera. So again, I think it's the prudent thing to do. And let's just hope that this is finite, and I think it will be temporary. It's just a matter of the definition of finite and temporary, does this last three months or does it last 12 to 18 months. But what I do know is the team we have in place is probably the most experienced in the business. The team's resilient, proven. We've been through this before, 708. Those of us that have been around a long time, around here for the tech rec, and one thing our company knows how to do is manage variable costs and customer care in tough times.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Mark, I was wondering if you could share with us your travel policy going forward? And whether it could affect ramping new programs? And then secondly, could you talk about the precautions you're taking to prevent infection inside your plants on a global basis? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Sure. Those are great questions. I – our call today is a bit unique, as Adam said, in terms of structure, form and content, and I'd love to talk about the business, but I think in times like this, in many ways, saying less is saying more. Especially, I don't believe in saying a lot of stuff when we just don't have good clarity. But one is – your question is a really good lead in. I always talk on our calls about thanking our people. And our number one priority, and Adam and Mike both hit this, is the safety, health and well-being of our folks. And a special thanks to everybody on our team. We had – even though we clipped $50 million out of our core results, I got to acknowledge – we had near-perfect execution this past quarter and that was split between taking just incredible care of our people, great care of our customers, all while reacting with – I don’t know, how we’d say it, speed and purpose to these disruptions, is amazing. And if I think about certain line items, when we talk about speed and purpose, one is, out of no where, when folks were coming back from Chinese New Year, our team in China set up quarantine centers and quarantine space that was really, really first rate. We immediately streamlined testing and protocols, partnering with local hospitals. We went through it, what I would characterize as, extreme sanitization and disinfection in our Asian sites, and we’re now doing that in our U.S. and European sites. Our HR team, combined with our business partners and our technical folks have set up a comprehensive education and awareness for all of our employees. Our travel restrictions have been, I think, a very fine balance between keeping our people safe and conducting business in a very, very thoughtful way. We’ve had policies put in place in terms of reducing visits to our factories. And then again, what I would characterize as Jabil ingenuity, we’ve been producing our own surgical masks for our folks in Asia and throughout the world, if needed. And in an earlier Q&A question, Steve, I made the mention, I think that really positions us well if things don’t get worse in North America and Europe, that’s a fantastic outcome. If things do get worse in North America and Europe, we’ve already written the playbook. And again, it’s ready to go. And I’ll say it again, in some odd way, as we sit here today, China is the least of our concerns. So that’s kind of what we’ve been up to.
Steven Fox: Thanks for that. That’s really helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up. Mike, you mentioned the credit line that’s available have you tapped it in the current quarter? And could you just sort of talk about your plans to and whether there’d be any restrictions on accessing that cash if you needed to?
Mike Dastoor: So we’re not aware of any restrictions. We tap in tap out as required. Obviously, we move funds around internationally, globally. We’re in 30 countries. So we do move funds around pretty efficiently. So no issues there at all, Steve.
Steven Fox: Thank you. Good luck going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Good morning, everyone. As valuations have come in, can you give us your thoughts on maybe growth inorganically? Your thoughts on M&A? And what are some of the things you look for in targets?
Mark Mondello: Hi, Ruplu. I think we start with – we’re always in the market shopping. That’s headed up by our strategic team led by Courtney. So we’re – we’ve got our toes in the water constantly looking at M&A. Our strong, strong preferences is small – smaller deals that help us in terms of capability and aligned with our strategy. We felt for the last 18 months that price tags on almost everything we looked at were ridiculous. And therefore, we’ve paired back some of our M&A activity. I would never want prices to come down based on something like COVID-19 because of the impact it has on individuals and families and whatnot, and it really does look like it’s a pandemic. But if – I think COVID-19 aside, I think what’s happened the last couple of weeks, it just felt to us like the market was overbought to begin with independent of the virus. So if we can see prices get back to normal, I think our activity in the M&A world will pick up. I – we’re not out shopping for a big $1 billion deals, but there is some things we’d like to do in terms of increasing capabilities. I will tell you that assuming we get to the other side of this virus, stuff still needs to get built. I mentioned earlier, our factory optimization is exceptional. Let’s remember that all our factories are wrapped in a wonderful IT network that’s very unique. And then when I think about both organic and M&A, Ruplu, secular trends in markets like 5G, health care, advanced handsets, electric transport, disruption in retail machine learning and 3D additive blah, blah. Although demand might be softer a bit of time, those secular trends haven’t changed. I think they remain intact, and that will be really good for us.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that. Mark, that makes sense. Maybe on the cost side, can you remind us what are some of the costs that are under your control? And how should we think about SG&A as a percent of sales going forward as you try and control some of these costs? And I guess related to that, you’ve talked about rationalizing your mobility footprint. Can you just update us on the status of that? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Okay. That was a little bit – let me just think my way through that. So let me start with your SG&A question. I think 100% of the time when most – all companies, but I’ll speak specifically for us. When you go through a decade of tremendous growth, I think you tend to get a little bit fluffy in terms of cost and overhead. On a relative basis, we still run this company at around 4% SG&A, which is, I think, fabulous. I’d like to see that come down a little bit. So we are always watching costs. When you have a catalyst like this, I think it has us sharpen our pencil. The nice thing is, is well before COVID-19 occurred. Mike and I talked about, I think it was on the September call about some restructuring for this year that was kind of to continue to shape and optimize our factory network. So in some odd way, we’re out in front of that already. We’ll use this opportunity to take a look at OpEx, infrastructure costs a little bit further in terms of headcount. But I feel good about how we’re positioned, and I certainly feel really, really good about our company’s ability to react and act in a very, kind of, agile, swift way. So overall, I feel good about how we sit today.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for that. And then maybe just on the mobility rationalization of your footprint, is that more or less done? And any areas of CapEx spend this year and next year that you want to highlight?
Mark Mondello: I don’t really want to get into CapEx at the moment, we’re evaluating that, and Mike addressed some of that in his prepared remarks. In terms of – instead of mobility footprint, I think the way I would address your question, if I still may, is Mike laid out a pretty good detail on the September call about the restructuring that we have in place that’s going to plan. In fact, we’re a bit ahead of plan, and we’ll continue to see that through.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details and thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate it.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Shannon Cross from Cross Research. Your line is now live.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. Can you talk a bit about the strength you saw in the beginning of the quarter? I realized a lot has changed since then, but I’m curious about your cloud business. And if you saw some of the continuity of strength from first quarter come through in second? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Shannon. I think as you know, the crazy thing is December and January, I think we put this in the press release. I don’t remember, I know Mike just alluded to it. We got off to a really nice start. And the interesting part of that is, it was really kind of across the board. So our cloud business is operating slightly above plan, our – the mobility side of our business, the demand is quite strong. And when I say demand is quite strong. I would take the liberty to characterize that as Jabil’s demand. And I think there’s two components of that. I think overall in demand is holding pretty well in that market. But the amazing work our team has done in that area, we continue to pick up some market share, which is also driving our demand. And then when I look at our EMS side of the business, the strength to the start of the quarter was kind of peanut buttered across six or eight different sectors.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you. And then Mike, I had a question. Your, I think, 1.7x leverage, just curious, I guess, a little bit back to the acquisition, but then any thoughts of maybe levering up a little bit, given where the stock price is at? I know you guys tend to be pretty conservative. But I’m curious if the recent dislocation provides somewhat of an opportunity? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: Yes, we’ll continue to monitor and be thoughtful of that capital allocation policy that I talked about earlier, we do have an allocation methodology laid out, and we will stick to that. And as opportunities come up, we’ll definitely go in and have a look.
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Thanks and good morning. Yes, a question regarding your commentary about the inventory and working capital. It sounds like that’s fairly under control in terms of the component issues that you’ve been seeing. But should we expect inventory levels to remain fairly high here relative to the progress you saw in recent quarters just because you and your customers may tend to be more conservative and want to keep some inventory on hand?
Mike Dastoor: Yes. I think as the COVID-19 spreads in other parts of the world and supply chain constraints continue, we will see a little bit of a spike in inventory. February was a bit of a perfect storm as well. We were running at 30%, 40% capacity, that is highly unlikely in the rest of the world at this stage. Now that could change. So there will be a little bit of a spike, but not as much as February.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And in terms of impact on your free cash flow? And I know you’ve had some pretty – fairly robust free cash flow targets for the year. I guess, along with the rest of your guidance, that’s sort of off the table at this point?
Mike Dastoor: I wouldn’t say it’s off the table. We’re still targeting that number. Remember, when demands falls and revenue goes down, our working capital from a dollar standpoint actually improves. So there’s nice little EMS paradox that goes on with our type of business, which gives a little bit of a natural protection.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. And then as you look – and Mark, you talked about relative strength on the mobility front and everybody has been looking forward to the next-generation cycles and product cycles later this year, any change in terms of things you’re doing with customers in terms of pilot programs and R&D and that sort of thing as you prepare for the end of the year?
Mark Mondello: No, I’d say that business is usual.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks very much and thanks for all the details.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. We reached end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining us. This now concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Berry. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Berry: Good morning, and welcome to Jabil's First Quarter of Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor.  Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the discussion and view the slides, you will need to be logged in to our webcast on jabil.com. At the end of today's call, both the presentation and a replay of the call will be available on Jabil's Investor Relations website.  During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including, among other things, those regarding our outlook for business and expected second quarter and fiscal '20 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  With that, it's now my pleasure to hand the call over to Mark Mondello.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by thanking our folks here at Jabil for their continued hard work and commitment. I'd also like to extend my sincere gratitude to each and every Jabil employee for making safety their personal priority. And before getting into our results and the business at hand, I want to wish all of you a safe and peaceful holiday season.  Now please turn to Slide 4 where we'll look at our first quarter results. Our team generated core operating income of $277 million on revenues of $7.5 billion, resulting in core earnings per share of $1.05 and a core operating margin of 3.7%. During the quarter, we delivered to our plan of record with one exception, this exception being our newly formed geocentric cloud services business, which came in well above our forecasted revenue. This revenue upside was helpful for the quarter, but for me, what's most valuable is how our cloud solution is being accepted and adopted in the marketplace. Overall, Q1 gave us a favorable start to the year. As is customary, Mike will provide more detail around our Q1 results and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks.  With the first quarter behind us, the team is dialed in. We're obsessed with providing first rate solutions to our customers while also delivering for our shareholders. We understand that financial results matter and matter a lot, but how we go about producing these results is paramount to me. Said differently, I think often about our purpose and our conduct. And when I think about our purpose and conduct, I think about keeping our people safe and ensuring a fully inclusive work environment. I think about unmatched customer care and giving back to the communities around the globe. As CEO, I'm just so appreciative that our team is squarely hitting the mark in all of these areas, and if our conduct and behavior stands through the year, as I expect it will, we'll have a banner FY '20, a year that will make us all very proud.  Moving on to Slide 6, you'll see a terrific picture, a picture which shows the composition of our commercial portfolio. This picture underscores the effort and effectiveness of our team. Over the past few years, I've repeatedly addressed the deliberate increase to our diversification and the positive impact it has on our business. Diversification is key to our performance. Furthermore, the makeup of our commercial portfolio is special, in fact, intentional and unique when considering the full enterprise.  A bit of our foundational magic which makes the portfolio so powerful comes from our ability to efficiently and quickly share technologies across our various business sectors and do so with little friction. With each passing year, our revenue has become far less dependent on any single product or product family, improving the predictability of our earnings while enhancing our ability to execute. Our performance suggests that our diversification strategy continues to excel and gives us tremendous confidence as we move to the back half of FY '20.  And that brings us to our update for the year. Please turn to Slide 7. Our company is well positioned. As we highlighted in September, we're intensely focused on 3 financial metrics: Margins, earnings and cash flows. We anticipate revenues will be up roughly $1.4 billion year-on-year when compared to fiscal '19. More importantly, we see the income coming through side by side with the increase to revenue. Therefore, core operating income will now be in the neighborhood of $980 million for the year, confirming our core margin target of 3.7%. This improved income outlook for the year translates to $3.60 a share in core earnings, up $0.15 from the outlook we offered in September. Lastly, we remain committed to delivering free cash flow in excess of $500 million for the year.  In closing, I smile when considering our total body of work. Progress has been explicit and steady. Strategy has been consistent and disciplined and our path forward is clear. We're ushered ahead by our structure, our team and our culture where the whole is far greater than the simple sum of the parts. I truly believe Jabil is making the world just a little bit better, a little bit healthier and a little bit safer each and every day, and we value our role as a responsible and reliable partner to many of the best brands on the planet.  I want to once again offer a special thanks to our team and acknowledge their near-perfect execution during this past quarter. I feel strongly that our execution will continue as the team is carrying good organizational momentum into the back half of the year.  With that, I'd like to wish everyone on the call a safe and peaceful holiday. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Dastoor: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Q1 was an excellent quarter in many ways. We saw good diversification and strong performances by both segments. Net revenue for the first quarter was $7.5 billion, an increase of 15% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $153 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.26. Core operating income during the quarter was $277 million, an increase of 9% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 3.7%. Net interest and other expense during the quarter was better than expected. Our lower net interest expense during the quarter was driven by less intra-quarter borrowing due to better-than-expected inventory levels during the quarter. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 27%, in line with expectations.  Core diluted earnings per share was $1.05, a 17% improvement over the prior year quarter and approximately $0.12 ahead of previous expectations based on 3 factors. First, we saw excellent operational execution across both segments as we successfully ramped seasonal products in DMS and focused on operational efficiencies associated with last year's new product awards in EMS.  Second, as Mark highlighted, our cloud offering continues to resonate with hyperscale players. It's worth reminding everyone, our cloud business is a bit unique and has been deliberately structured as a geocentric asset-light service offering. Our solution is highly flexible and appropriately agile. With this in mind, during the quarter, we experienced an increase in both demand and content configuration that we were able to swiftly capitalize on given the flexible nature of the model. This compounding effect of increased volumes, coupled with higher materials content, led to approximately $350 million in additional revenue.  And finally, as I just mentioned, our interest and other expense came in better than expected.  Now moving to our GAAP results. As expected, we incurred $45 million in restructuring charges in Q1, largely related to the 2020 restructuring plan we announced in September. This plan continues to remain on track and, as a reminder, is expected to result in an incremental cost savings benefit of $25 million mainly in the second half of FY '20. Also during the quarter, we incurred a noncore charge of approximately $15 million associated with certain distressed customers in the renewable energy space.  Now turning to our first quarter segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $3.1 billion, an increase of 3% on a year-over-year basis. Core margins for the segment came in at an impressive 5.6%. Our DMS segment performed very well, driven by broad-based strength in several key end markets, including health care and edge devices. This is yet another proof point that our diversification strategy is working.  Revenue for our EMS segment increased by 26% year-over-year to $4.4 billion. From an end market perspective, cloud, industrial and automotive came in higher than expected, offset slightly by slower 5G rollouts. Core margins for the segment came in at 2.4%, as expected.  Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. As I referenced earlier, during Q1, our total days of inventory were better than expected, coming in at 57 days, a decline of one day sequentially, reflecting strong execution by our teams and the asset-light nature of our cloud business. This was in spite of closing the third and largest wave of our strategic health care collaboration during the quarter. Improved inventory levels during the quarter were offset by higher days of sales outstandings at the end of the quarter, driven mainly by the timing of sales.  Cash flows provided by operations were $21 million in Q1 and net capital expenditures totaled $207 million. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.5x and cash balances of $720 million. During Q1, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares for $96 million as part of our 2-year $600 million authorization we announced in September. Before turning to Q2 guidance, I'd like to review a new accounting standard we adopted in September. During Q1, we adopted the new lease accounting standard, ASU 2016-02. Under the provisions of this standard, companies are now required to record most leases on their balance sheet. You will see the effects of this adoption as we've recorded a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease obligation for the payments required under our lease arrangements. We adopted the standard on the modified retrospective approach. This adoption has no material effect on our statement of operations or statement of cash flows.  Turning now to our second quarter guidance. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 4% on a year-over-year basis to $2.35 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 5% on a year-over-year basis to $4 billion. We expect total company revenue in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 to be in the range of $6 billion to $6.7 billion for an increase of 5% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $155 million to $255 million with core operating margin in the range of 2.6% to 3.8%. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.62 to $0.82. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.09 to $0.40.  Next, I'd like to outline our updated expectations for revenue in fiscal year '20 by end market. Within DMS, today's outlook suggests higher health care and packaging revenue driven by better-than-expected volumes associated with our strategic health care collaboration. The transition is going extremely well and sets us up for strong results in FY '21 and beyond. We continue to expect margins for DMS to be 4.1% on the year on revenue of approximately $10.2 billion.  Turning to EMS. Given our strong start to the year, we now expect revenue to be higher for cloud, auto and semi cap and Industrial & Energy. We continue to expect margins for EMS to be 3.5% on the year on revenue of approximately $16.5 billion.  In summary, I am pleased with the strong start to the year. For the most part, the year is unfolding as planned, and it's worth noting that our high-level assumptions remain unchanged from 90 days ago, as does our focus.  For the year, we now anticipate revenues will be up roughly $700 million from prior guidance and core operating income has increased to $980 million. This improved outlook translates to core earnings per share of $3.60 for the year. We also remain committed to delivering free cash flows in excess of $500 million for the year and expanding our core operating margin to 3.7%. Importantly, our balanced capital allocation framework approach is aligned and focused on driving long-term creation to shareholders. As we move into our second quarter, we continue to build on the positive momentum underway in our business and expect future growth in both earnings and free cash flow to come through meaningful margin expansion and improved working capital efficiency.  I'll now turn the call over to Adam to begin Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product-specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation.  Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Adam Tindle from Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Congrats on a strong start to the fiscal year. Mark, I just wanted to start coming into this fiscal year, I think the story for Jabil was more about margin expansion on kind of more muted revenue growth, but now it looks like you'll grow revenue at the upper end of mid-single digits for the year, which is quite healthy. I'll start by acknowledging that the updated expectations for the year implies just under a 5% operating margin on that incremental revenue. So it looks like good, accretive business that you're taking on, but it's different than what we're seeing from competitors who are culling their business, not taking on more. So maybe just update us on the willingness to take on more growth at this point.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Adam. Nothing has changed since 90 days ago. I think we've got customers to serve. First and foremost, we're going to do everything we can to continue to deliver for shareholders. But we've got really good solutions and services. I think Mike said in his prepared remarks, our DMS revenue came in squarely in line. EMS was up, I don't know, give or take $500 million. $350 million of that was from our cloud services business and about $150 million was kind of scattered across EMS. If I think about the scale of our EMS business, that $150 million is about a 3% uptick, which I think squarely in the air rate of trying to figure out revenue top line with the business so large. And then on the cloud business, as I said in my prepared remarks, it's not just about the uptick for the quarter but how the services are being received in the marketplace.  I think what I'm pleased about is, is unlike some quarters in '19, the income came through and came through nicely with the additional uptick in revenue. So if I just take that $350 million out, and not to make light of the $350 million, I think things are squarely where we thought they would be 90 days ago. And again, what we're driving for, and I think is a good portion of your context is, is consistency. I really like the consistency of the quarter relative to September, beginning year outlook.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And maybe just as a follow-up, Mike, I know it's still early and I think we've got a good view of the full year, but just wanted to dig into some of the nuances as we shape the back half of this fiscal year. With that $25 million in restructuring, does that have more weight to 3Q or 4Q? And does it enable DMS operating margin to stay north of 3% in each quarter in the back half of the year? I think that's kind of what the implied model would suggest. So really just any help on understanding expectations for 3Q versus 4Q.
Michael Dastoor: Yes. So the $25 million, Adam, does come in, in the second half of the year. The savings do come in then. You'll be close to the 3% in Q3, Q4. I think Q3 would be higher than 3% and Q4 will be just around that 3% level.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Steven Fox from Cross Research.
Steven Fox: A couple of questions from me. First on the revenue upside, specifically with the cloud services and also ramping J&J quicker. What was the margin impact from that upside? Especially given there was -- you've mentioned high material content with the cloud services upside.
Mark Mondello: Steve, let me take a swing. So I would characterize it a couple ways. Let me maybe take it up a level and talk about the enterprise. So I think our center point guide for the quarter was $260 million. We delivered $277 million, uptick of about $17 million. We got about $5 million to $6 million of leverage in DMS on revenue that was really spot on to where our guide was. That's a great tribute to our DMS team.  On the $350 million uptick from cloud as well as the other $150 million across the EMS enterprise, so call it the $500 million, we also got what I would characterize as acceptable leverage. The net-net effect of the EMS leverage though, Steve, we saw some deleverage in 5G. And again, we're still bullish on the 5G rollout. There were some areas during Q1 where we saw a little bit of deleverage, but you shake all that up, and again, I'm really pleased with the income that came through on a net basis with the additional upsides of the EMS revenue.
Steven Fox: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up on the Johnson & Johnson business again. So since it's ramping a little bit better than you originally planned 90 days ago, I was wondering if you could sort of put a little more color around about how that happened. Obviously, it sounds just like general execution was good. And what is the implications in terms of the relationship with J&J and as you look out maybe longer term, 12 to 18 months, given what you've done so far?
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks again. Yes, I. Don't want to get into too much details around it. But again, kind of overall, speaking firstly with our health care business, our health care business and that whole team continues to just do a really, really nice job with services and solutions into the marketplace. With the collaboration with JJMD specifically, I think what we said multiple times last year was that revenue for this year would be in the range of $800 million to $1 billion. And I think what Mike might have alluded to is I would think that revenue for fiscal year '20 would be on the upper end of that and maybe slightly higher than $1 billion. So in terms of that business, it's going well and we're working really, really hard to serve JJMD.
Michael Dastoor: And Steve, I think on the September call, we highlighted that the strategic collaboration has a bit of a dilutive effect for us. In FY '20, DMS margins will be about 20 to 30 basis points higher if it wasn't for the strategic collaboration ramp.
Steven Fox: And that's still going to be the case.
Mark Mondello: That's true. Yes. I think that's a good point, is in FY '19, I think DMS margins were around 4%. In September, we said there would be about a 10 basis point uptick on DMS margins for FY '20 for the year. So pleased with how things are going, health care overall, JJMD. But again, JJMD is still in what I'd consider kind of a semi transition ramp mode through FY '20 moving into '21. And if you kind of exclude that, DMS margins for the year would be closer to 4.3%., so as Mike said, up 30 basis points year-on-year.
Michael Dastoor: And that's already baked into our guidance.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citigroup.
Jim Suva: And I will ask both my questions at the same time so you can pick any order. You had mentioned significant upside on cloud. This is kind of a newer initiative that many of us who's been following Jabil for many years aren't used to really hearing. Can you extrapolate a little bit about that solution, the offering? And importantly, the visibility of long term versus there are some cloud providers who can have a great quarter or two and then it completely ceased as far as production and product placing. And is this more like the public cloud companies were used to doing or more private clouds? Just help us understand the cloud initiative a little bit better.  Then my second question is you mentioned automotive upside, yet global SAAR has not been overly robust. So I take it that would assume that maybe you won some more auto production or auto content production. And if auto gets stronger, it seems like that this -- the auto side could even see more upside. If you could comment on those two end markets.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. Okay. That was a lot. So let me try to break that into a couple of pieces. The thing I think we've done a reasonably good job of is we've been very, very consistent in talking about the cloud business. If I think back to fiscal '19, there was a couple of our earnings calls where we actually had a specific slide around the cloud solution as we understood that it can be a little bit confusing. Our -- I would characterize the solution that we're providing as a geocentric asset-light services business. I don't expect the cloud business to go away. I think it's being very well received in the marketplace. And I think we're solving a few different tangential problems with the services and solutions that we're providing, Jim.  The other part of it is the cloud solution that we have is very much a fulfillment model, and so some of it has to do with reducing overall working capital, agility, flexibility in unit configuration. So we've intentionally set that model up, unlike a business that might be a pure white box design, a business that might be more aligned with some of the standard EMS businesses that are more asset-intensive. We've been very thoughtful and the team has been very thoughtful in setting up our cloud business in a very, very asset-light manner.  And so again, the cost and the overall infrastructure can ebb and flow quite nicely with fluctuations in demand. So I don't have a lot of anxiety around some of the demand fluctuations. I think the nice thing is we do anticipate, if there is upside to the business a bit like there was in Q1, I do think that there will be some level of income that will come along with that fluctuation.  In terms of the automotive, one of the things, I think, that our team has done a nice job of is we've been very, very selective in which part of the automotive sector end markets we're choosing to play in. A significant portion of our automotive business is not reliant on what I would call overall automotive sales. So if I think about combustion engines and legacy type of automobiles, our automotive business is more predicated on electrification, the electronic nature of the vehicles and an overall increase in electronic content as well as sensing and sensors. So when I'm thinking about our business, I think a better proxy than overall automotive sales would be what's going on around electrification of vehicles and then overall electrical content. So I hope those answer your questions.
Michael Dastoor: And Jim, if I could just add. We did post some videos in September at our investor briefing. I think if you want a little bit more color on cloud, the E&I video is a good one to watch.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: First question for Mike. How should we think about free cash flow for the year? I think your original target was over $500 million. Is that still the case? And then during the year, how should we think about the cadence of buybacks at this stage?
Michael Dastoor: Yes. We continue to be committed to that $500 million plus, I think, is the phrase we used. We're still all confident about that number. So I'd just take that as a $500 million plus. As far as buybacks are concerned, we did $96 million in Q1. I think in September, we talked about a $600 million authorization. $250 million of that was going to be in FY '20, $350 million in '21. That still stands. So we'll probably do the balance of the $250 million over the next three quarters in FY '20.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe one for Mark. You've raised the guidance, the EPS guidance for this year by $0.15. That's great. I mean, looking into fiscal '21, any thoughts on the $4 in EPS? I mean, should we think that there's upside to that as well?
Mark Mondello: Let's go slow, Ruplu. We got a lot of work ahead to deliver this year. I think for now, I would stay firm with the $4 and the 4% margin. And again, the $4 is important. For me, the 4% margin is what we're all focused on. So whether next year in terms of EPS is $3.90, $3.95, $4, $4.05, $4.10, we're really dialed in on the 4% margin. But for now let's keep it at the $4 and 4%. And if things change at all, we'll talk about that more in the March call and the June call.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel.
Matthew Sheerin: Yes. Just a first question just regarding your outlook for the year, Mark. You -- in addition to cloud, you called out actually several segments where you're seeing some upside, including energy and semi cap. Could you give us more color there? And then on the flip side, where you're seeing weakness? You also talked about 5G. And then we know that the networking OEMs have also been relatively weak. So any color there would be appreciated.
Mark Mondello: Matt, just to clarify. Are you asking around Q1 or for the year?
Matthew Sheerin: For the year, yes. Well, and near term too, yes, both.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So for the year, if you kind of reference back to the green, blue chart that Mike showed, I think we're showing overall mobility roughly flat. We're seeing a nice uptick in health care and packaging, of which a portion of that will be the JJMD collaboration, edge device and lifestyle products. If we look at where we were in September, no change, but year-on-year, that's coming down a bit as we kind of reshape that portfolio. You could think about -- and that kind of covers DMS, Matt. And I think, I think about that as, as we reshape edge device and lifestyle, year-on-year, that coming down $400 million or $500 million, whatever the number is, it's being replaced by some health care and packaging business, which we're pretty excited about.  If I think about kind of puts and takes for EMS for the year, we've taken automotive and semi cap up year-on-year. So last year, I think our automotive, semi cap was in the $2 billion range, maybe just short of that. And we've taken that up to about $2.5 billion for the year. Again, in Suva's question, I talked about kind of the catalyst for automotive, and then we're still staying pat on a semi cap recovery this summer, which has been very consistent with what we said in the September time frame.  And then the other areas are a little bit of an uptick in Industrial & Energy. 5G cloud, again, starting off the year, we saw some lumpiness and some softness in the 5G area. We imagine that will come back. We're still very bullish long term on 5G, but again, I think it'll be with a little bit of choppiness. And then Mike talked in his prepared remarks about the uptick for the quarter in the cloud business. And again, we're early days in that, but it's being well received in the marketplace. And then lastly, we're seeing some weakness on the legacy enterprise customers.
Matthew Sheerin: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And then sort of a bigger-picture question. As Adam pointed out in his question earlier, we are seeing some of your competitors walk away from deals, particularly in the datacom server, storage and networking space. Are those opportunities for you as we're seeing share shifts? Or are you continuing to be disciplined just like your competitors? In the long term, are we seeing some of the leverage shift perhaps from the customers to the EMS suppliers?
Mark Mondello: I don't want to debate where leverage lies. I think we're heavily, heavy -- heavily reliant on our customers, and I hope we provide great service for them. In terms of -- I don't know why some of our competitors are walking away from business. If it's bad business, I think it's good for our industry if people walk away from things like that. For us, I think we're kind of keeping our head down, sticking to our knitting, if you will, rolling out solutions and services that seem to be well received.  I think I would close my answer to your question with we are not chasing revenue and we are, again, really focused on margin and cash flow. We talked about that through '19. We talked about that in September. So I just want to be clear, if we have customers that are walking away from business that's not good business, you can be 100% sure we're not going to put that sand in our bucket. And again, we're kind of keeping our head down and being sure that we're doing the best job we can to grow, but grow in an area that continues to support our goal of driving 4% margins in '21.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Andrew Vadheim from Wolfe Research.
Andrew Vadheim: Just wanted to ask about the returns you're seeing from the $250 million in growth CapEx earmarked for F '20. And then in terms of the breakdown by end market, should we still be thinking about a similar breakdown as laid out in the Q4 call with around 50% coming from health care?
Michael Dastoor: No major changes to the CapEx outlook that we outlined in September. Yes, and half will continue to come from the health care side.
Andrew Vadheim: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up on the share repurchase question. If we kind of extrapolate the $100 million out, that might imply that you might be keeping a lid on M&A and/or debt repayment. How should we be thinking about sort of those latter two categories going forward?
Michael Dastoor: It's exactly as we stated in September, and we talked about a $600 million authorization. We said we'll do $250 million in FY '20 and $350 million in FY '21. No change at all to that. I think we'll just continue with that $250 million in FY '20
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Let's turn the floor back over to Adam for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining us. This now concludes our call. Happy holidays.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-09-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results and Investor Briefing. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Adam Berry, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Berry: Hello and welcome to Jabil's fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 earnings call and investor briefing. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Today Mike will begin by walking us through the fourth quarter results. Following these comments, we will transition into the investor briefing portion of the day, where both Mark and Mike will review our strategy and outlook. We will then open it up for your questions. The entirety of today’s call will be recorded and posted for audio playback on jabil.com within the Investors Section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides, videos and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials you will find the earnings information that we cover during this conference call. Please note that during the investor briefing portion of the webcast we will be showing a video. You will need to be logged in to our webcast on jabil.com during today's session to view our slides and the video. Additionally, at the conclusion of today’s event, we will post several videos to our investor relations website in the Events and Presentation section. These videos feature our business leaders and highlight the current state of the end markets they serve. Before handing the call over to Mike, I would now ask that you follow our earnings presentation using the slides on the website beginning with our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business. Those statements are based on current expectations, forecast, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mike Dastoor.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. I will begin today by reviewing our fourth quarter and fiscal year '19 results. I'm very pleased with our fourth quarter performance. During the quarter, both segments executed extremely well and delivered strong consolidated results. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $6.6 billion, an increase of 14% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $189.7 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.34. Core operating income came in slightly higher than the midpoint of our guidance during the quarter at $246.1 million, an increase of 16% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 3.7%. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.88, a 26% improvement over the prior year quarter. For the full fiscal year, net revenue was $25.3 billion, up 14% year-over-year. FY '19 GAAP operating income was $701 million with GAAP net income of $287 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share was $1.81 for the year. Core operating income was $877 million, an increase of 14% on a year-over-year basis, representing a core operating margin of 3.5%. Core diluted earnings per share for the year was $2.98, an increase of 14% over the prior year. I’d like to call your attention to two items which impacted our GAAP results during the quarter. First, we incurred a one-time charge of $6.2 million due to a distressed customer in the networking space. And secondly, as we previously disclosed during the quarter, we exchanged $50 million of iQor preferred stock associated with our divestiture of our aftermarket services business in 2014. The exchange in the preferred stock resulted in a one-time net non-cash charge of $29.6 million. I will remind you in 2014 we recorded a net gain on the sale of discontinued operations net of tax of approximately $223 million. Now turning to our fourth quarter and FY '19 segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $2.4 billion, up 2% year-over-year. This growth was mainly due to another strong performance in our healthcare business. Core margins for the segment improved 20 basis points year-over-year to 2.9%. Revenue for our EMS segment increased by 23% year-over-year to $4.1 billion, driven mainly by the 5G wireless, cloud, energy and automotive end markets. Core margins for the segment were 4.3% during the quarter. For the year, our DMS segment revenue was $9.9 billion consistent with the prior year. While core operating income for the segment increased 25% year-over-year. This resulted in core margins expanding 80 basis points to 4%. As an update, the seasonal launch within our mobility business which began in Q4 is going extremely well. The mobility team's strong execution throughout the year and their focus on supporting our customer and tightly managing costs has contributed to a strong customer relationship. However, we believe the overall mobility supply chain continues to be overcapacitized for current and future volumes. Even though our DMS margin grew by 80 basis points year-over-year, the overcapacity in mobility business has been a constraint on DMS margins. Therefore we are taking steps to proactively optimize our manufacturing footprint. Reducing our capacity would allow us to more efficiently utilize our fixed assets and normalize our cost structure. As we look forward to FY '21, we anticipate increased unit volume largely through market share wins. We believe, we will be able to support higher levels of revenue across the more optimized footprint as a result of our ongoing automation efforts and manufacturing process improvement. As such, the noncore expenses associated with our optimization activities are estimated to be $85 million. The cash component is anticipated to be approximately $35 million. Moving to EMS. In FY '19, revenue increased by 26% year-over-year to $15.4 billion, well above our original expectations for the year as the value proposition has been well-received in the areas of 5G wireless, cloud, energy and retail infrastructure. Core margins for the segment declined 60 basis points year-over-year to 3.1%. This decline as we have discussed throughout FY '19 was mainly driven by the ramp costs associated with our new business awards and softness in semi-cap. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. As anticipated, in Q4, inventory levels contracted sequentially with our days in inventory coming in at 58 days, a decline of six days quarter-over-quarter. Net capital expenditure for the fourth quarter was $165 million and for the full fiscal year came in slightly lower than expected at $787 million. Our fourth quarter cash flows from operations were very strong coming in at $1.1 billion. As a result of the strong fourth quarter performance and cash flow generation, adjusted free cash flow for the fiscal year came in stronger than expected at approximately $503 million. Core return on invested capital for Q4 was 21.3% and grew by 210 basis points on a year-over-year basis to 21.4% for the full fiscal year. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 1.5x and cash balances of $1.2 billion. As we wrap up fiscal '19, I am very pleased with our strong fiscal 2019 performance. Core earnings per share growth of 14%, adjusted free cash flows of $503 million with returns to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases in the fiscal year in excess of $400 million. Moving forward, we hope to build on this positive momentum and expect future growth in both earnings and free cash flow to come through meaningful margin expansion and improved working capital efficiency. Before I turn the call over to Mark for additional color on our 2019 results and outline the strategic drivers of our business in fiscal '20 and beyond, we would like to share a brief video about our people. Let's take a look.
Mark Mondello: I appreciate everyone taking time to join us today. I can’t help but smile when I see that video. For me the video speaks volumes. Seeing comments from our folks like true self, differences unite and diversity of thought, as CEO I love it. It's who we are and it's what Jabil is all about. You see diversity and inclusion is core to our value system. Diversity is about having a seat at the table. Inclusion is about having a voice and belonging is assuring your voice is heard and respected. This certainly rings true here at Jabil. Our belief system makes a difference. In fact, a huge difference. Thanks to all of our employees. Thank you for just being you. Thanks for keeping each other safe, each and every day. And I appreciate all you do. With that, please turn to Slide 11, where we see our financial results for fiscal '19. Another exceptional year. In fact, a record year in terms of revenue and income. As Mike highlighted, our team generated core earnings per share of $2.98, a 14% increase over fiscal '18. On top of this, the team doubled free cash flow year-on-year, while returning roughly $400 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. During the year, healthcare, cloud, wireless, energy and retail were our top-performing sectors. Another really nice year all the way around. Moving to Slide 12. I thought it worthwhile to highlight our four year track record. The fact is what we're doing is working. These three bar charts taking collectively provide a fantastic backdrop to our ongoing story. A catalyst to our performance is the balance and blend of our income. But as I said previously, being diversified for the sake of diversification isn't all that special. What is impactful to me is the composition and makeup of Jabil's commercial portfolio, a portfolio comprised of a broad range of exciting products used over a multitude of end markets. I'd now like to turn your attention to where we’re headed beginning with Slide 13. To start, our team is carrying positive momentum into fiscal year '20. Our strategy is continuous and remains unchanged. Our path is well understood by our leadership team and our financial outlook is sound. During the past 3 to 4 years, substantial revenue growth drove earnings while reducing our dependence on any single product or product family. For fiscal '20, we plan to expand margins primarily through operating leverage and network efficiencies consistent with our strategy and squarely within our control. As I was preparing for today's session, I asked myself how will I judge success for our team in fiscal '20 as we ready ourselves for fiscal '21? For me, successful will be keeping our people safe, assuring remarkable customer care, achieving near-perfect execution, delivering on our financial commitments and giving back to the communities in which we work. If our team can accomplish all the above, it'll be a banner year, a year that will make us proud. Moving to Slide 14, you will see the three key areas that have management's attention for fiscal '20: optimize, execute and deliver. Let's break down each area, starting with optimize. To lead in our industry, we must be thoughtful on our planning, yet react quickly, simplifying complexity for our customers. With this in mind, we continue to optimize data transfer and information flow across the network of our factories around the world. This advancement is possible due to our unique IT architecture and digital supply chain analytics tool. I believe this to be a real differentiator for Jabil. While I’m on the topic of optimization, we're driving further simplification of our fixed assets and factory network, in essence assuring investors an accurate reflection of future earnings. As Mike noted, the charge associated with this proactive action is $85 million and will be largely concentrated around our China footprint. For me, this is an excellent use of both time and funds. A complement to our optimization efforts comes in the way of execution. Inside the four walls of our factories, we pride ourselves on doing the ordinary extraordinarily well. Operationally, we obsess about keeping fixed things fixed. We do so by leveraging our tenured know-how and experience, utilizing machine learning and employing the power of predictive analytics. The touch and feel within all of our factories is much the same, making us consistent site to site and across our divisions, enabling Jabil to offer solutions unlike others in our industry. As we endlessly pursue our factory-of-the-future, we're continuing to make investments in the areas of automation, robotics and additive manufacturing. So that brings me to management's outlook for fiscal '20. We plan to deliver a core operating margin of 3.7% and revenues in the range of $26 billion, a 20 basis point margin expansion year-on-year. This translates to $3.45 in core earnings per share, 15% growth when compared to fiscal '19. On top of this, we plan to deliver free cash flow in excess of $500 million for the year. Mike will provide more information on fiscal year '20 during his follow-on comments where he will also offer details on our 2-year capital allocation framework. All in all, I feel good about where we’ve been. I feel even better about where we're going. If you now please flip to Slide 19, you will see management's outlook for fiscal '20 and '21 side-by-side. The company is well-positioned to deliver solid financial results over the coming 24 months, whether your vantage point is based on an absolute scale or relative scale. Today's outlook for fiscal '21 shows core earnings per share in the neighborhood of $4 and a core operating margin of 4%, a 30 basis point increase relative to our outlook for fiscal year '20 and a 50 basis point expansion relative to fiscal year '19. Now turning to Slide 20. I'll address our structure, our team and our unique Jabil culture. The strength of structure plus team plus culture is paramount and far greater than the simple some of the parts. Our market facing divisions where it all comes together and were solutions are so neatly packaged for our customers. As a team, we lowered mediocrity, we’re constantly asking ourselves do we have highest standards inside of Jabil in the solutions and services, we provide our customers. The amazing solutions our team brings forward to customers are derived in one or two ways. Either through deep domain expertise found vertically within each division or what I think about as horizontal solutions, which are sewn together via insightful, unselfish collaboration and crosstalk, if you will, between the divisions. This part isn't easy. But after many years we've mastered the art of non-parochial intercompany sharing, an art that’s incredibly important to Jabil in serving our customers. Another hard to replicate dimension of our model is the intimate working relationships each divisional team has with our leaders and employees throughout the company that work outside the divisions. Those folks that run the plumbing, assuring the corporation run smoothly each and every day. This is so fundamental for Jabil. And with this group there are simply too many leaders to acknowledge individually during this session or I would. So to entire leadership team, thank you for making Jabil, Jabil. I encourage everyone listening in and participating in today's session to please watch each of the divisional videos. As Adam said at the opening, the videos will be posted on our website. They’re informative and illustrate what we're doing and how we are doing it. In closing, our team is tested and proven. Our people are awesome. Customers and shareholders remain at the forefront of our actions and I believe Jabil is making the world just a little bit better, a little bit healthier and safer each day. We’ve the team and ingenuity to become the most technologically advanced manufacturing solutions company in the world. Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Mark. I am excited with the momentum underway within the business and I believe it will carry through to our next two fiscal years, as we continue our natural progression towards margin and cash flow expansion. Over the next few minutes, I plan to provide you with a framework that highlights how we will execute on our strategy and deliver on our financial commitments. First, we’re fully focused on expanding margins to position the company to deliver higher margins over the last few years with targeted growth in areas of our business that have higher return profiles that offer accretive margins and strong cash flow streams. At the same time, we are focused on optimizing cost to ensure we’re positioned to deliver SG&A leverage across the worldwide Jabil footprint. Secondly, core earnings per share has gone from $1.86 in FY '16 to a projected $3.45 in FY '20. That’s a 17% compounded annual growth rate. And finally, we’re focused on generating strong free cash flow through optimization of working capital and disciplined CapEx management. These priorities are aligned and focused on delivering long-term value creation. Our performance in FY '19 gives me confidence that our strategy is working and positions us to deliver on our commitments in FY '20 and beyond. Next I'd like to outline our expectations for revenue in FY '20 by end market, along with our expectations for core operating margin by segment. I first like to discuss what’s going on in our DMS business in FY '20. We're expecting 10 basis points of margin expansion on low single-digit revenue growth. The key take away this year is the considerable mix shift underway in this business. In FY '20, we anticipate adding $800 million of healthcare and packaging revenue to replace $700 million of mobility edge devices and lifestyle revenue. The decline in our edge devices and lifestyle business is being driven by three factors: technology changes leading to product transitions, end-of-life of certain products and our decision not to pursue other products that do not meet our margin and cash flow profiles. The strong performance in healthcare and packaging is being driven by continued growth in our base business and the continued ramp of our previously announced strategic healthcare collaboration. It is worth noting, excluding the ongoing ramp in healthcare, we estimate that our FY '20 DMS margins will be closer to 4.3%. With all that said, it's also worth noting beyond fiscal '20, we anticipate all three end markets to resume growth. We are excited about the diversified and balanced portfolio we’re building in our DMS segment and we feel our improving mix will drive more sustainable earnings and cash flow. Turning to EMS. Following two years of tremendous growth as part of our diversification efforts, we expect EMS revenues to increase by 4% in FY '20 as we intentionally shift our focus towards margin expansion and cash flow generation. Within automotive, the strong year-over-year growth you see is driven by a customer's desire to leverage our capabilities in autonomous driving and electrification. In semi-cap, during the slowdown, the team has done an excellent job of aggressively managing our cost base to current market realities and is focused on the diversified expansion of this business, winning new customers and programs that should position us for a strong FY '21 once the market recovers. In wireless and 5G, we continue to see growth in 5G that is being offset by 4G as the market transitions to newer technology. The 5G market will continue to expand over the next 2 to 3 years as the 5G infrastructure continues to roll out worldwide. In cloud, we've seen significant growth over the last two years. Our cloud team continues to be focused on U.S hyper-scalers as well as Tier 2 cloud providers and is well-positioned to take advantage of the ongoing shift from ODM to EMS companies, which provide a better value proposition through wider capabilities. Today our EMS business serves a diverse blend of end markets in areas that provide confidence in future earnings and cash flows due to longer life cycle of these products, be it industrial or in regulated markets like energy. We have deep domain expertise complemented by investments we made in capabilities, all of which we believe will result in lower volatility and more predictable earnings and cash flow. Putting it all together in EMS, we expect a healthy 40 basis points of core margin expansion in fiscal '20. As I mentioned earlier, we are focused on expanding our overall core margins through cost optimization and targeted growth. As a result, we are well positioned to deliver 20 basis points of core margin expansion in FY '20. This expansion will be driven mainly by two factors. First, as you will recall, we've seen tremendous growth over the last two years adding in excess of $6 billion in revenue to our consolidated results. This growth was driven by our diversification strategy up to now and targeted at end markets that offer more attractive margins and sustainable cash flow profiles. These wins manifested in stronger revenue growth as we ramp these complex engineering led programs. In FY '20 and beyond, the maturation of these awards begins to contribute to improved profitability. And then as I mentioned earlier in my Q4 remarks, we’ve taken steps to proactively optimize our manufacturing footprint. We anticipate these restructuring costs will result in net benefit to consolidated core operating income of $25 million or 10 basis points of core margin expansion in FY '20 and $40 million in FY '21. We anticipate the benefits to flow through mainly during the second half of the fiscal year '20. This is an important consideration as you shape your quarterly earnings expectations for fiscal year '20. Turning now to our CapEx guidance for fiscal year '20. Net capital expenditures are expected to be $800 million consistent with fiscal year '19. This will come through a combination of both maintenance and strategic investments for future growth. Let's talk about our maintenance CapEx for a moment. We now have hundred sites in 30 countries. At this scale, our factories require approximately $550 million in annual maintenance investments. This is inclusive of investments in areas such as IT, automation and factory digitalization, which will drive optimization across our footprint and position us to deliver higher profitability. We are also investing in strategic growth in targeted areas of our business that will deliver strong margin expansion and free cash flow. Our strategic growth CapEx will be targeted in end markets such as healthcare, 5G wireless, energy and industrial, automotive, retail and packaging. Turning now to free cash flow. In FY '20, we will continue to generate strong cash flows as a result of earnings expansion along with our team's ability to execute and efficiently manage working capital. Working capital improvements will come mainly through improved inventory levels as growth moderates and the component market continues to normalize. These factors coupled with our disciplined CapEx gives me confidence in our ability to deliver adjusted free cash flows of more than $500 million in FY '20. Turning now to our capital allocation framework. Over the next two years, we expect to generate significant free cash flow. Given this dynamic I thought it would be appropriate to walk you through our capital allocation framework and had a high level how we plan to deploy our capital over the next two years. Our capital return framework beyond organic investments will prioritize the commitment to our dividend, share repurchases and a combination of targeted M&A and optimizing our capital structure. With the $600 million authorization we announced this morning, we are on track to return more than $2 billion to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. So what does all this mean? We remain comfortable with our ability to generate strong cash flows, which will afford us the ability to return capital to shareholders, maintain investment-grade ratings and ensure we maintain an optimal capital structure. Turning now to our first quarter guidance on the next slide. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 3% on a year-over-year basis to $3.1 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 11% on a year-over-year basis to $3.9 billion. We expect total company revenue in the first quarter of fiscal '20 to be in the range of $6.65 billion to $7.35 billion for an increase of approximately 8% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $235 million to $285 million with core operating margin in the range of 3.5% to 3.9%. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $128 million to $206 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.82 to $1.04. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.14 to $0.58. The tax rate on core earnings in the first quarter is estimated to be in the range of 26% to 28%. Turning now to our assumptions for FY '20 and FY '21. In order to provide better clarity on our view of the business and market environment over the next few years, we thought it would be helpful to provide some high-level assumptions that are embedded in our targets. As we transition to my final Slide 31, you can really begin to see the earnings power of a diversified and balanced Jabil. We believe we are well-positioned to deliver core margin expansion as the maturing new business awards continue to scale. We believe this focus together with our working capital efficiencies, position us to deliver 4% in core margins in FY '21 along with $4 in core EPS and $600 million plus in free cash flow. And importantly our balanced capital allocation framework approach is aligned and focused on driving long-term value creation to shareholders. I'd like to thank you for your time today and for your interest in Jabil. I will now turn the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. We will now begin our Q&A session. I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. We are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thank you very much and good morning. Mark, I just wanted to start off with the fiscal '21 EPS target of $4. I think that implies similar EPS growth as fiscal '20 mid-teens year-over-year. Hoping you can touch on the composition of that growth from '20 to '21. Because if we think about from '19 to '20, there's some identifiable things driving EPS growth like J&J getting to the full run rate, the EMS costs that burden last year not repeating and now you’ve got $85 million of costs taking out. When you thought about guiding fiscal '21 for the same EPS growth, what are the drivers of that growth that gave you the confidence to guide that far out as we sit today?
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. So I think you touched on a few of them. The -- for us as we look at going from '19 to '20 and '20 to '21, certainly normalization in our healthcare business with what's going on with J&J, I think Mike also shared in his opening remarks and his assumptions that we believe we'll see or start to see a recovery in semi-cap in calendar summer 2020. So we believe that will carry us into '21. And then I also believe that across a number of our business sectors, Adam, the 5G enablement will start I think for real as we get into early to mid fiscal '21 and that will be beneficial as well. And then if I touch on the $85 million that Mike talked about, I think the timing and the use of those funds is quite good at the moment when I think about where our business inside of China sits. So, all in all, I stack all that up and that’s how we decided to give you guys a look to see at fiscal '21 and I’m pretty pleased with the outlook now we got to execute, but it's squarely right in front of us.
Adam Tindle: Okay. That’s helpful. And maybe just as a follow-up for Mike, you had obviously very strong performance and free cash flow exceeding your original goals for fiscal '19. And I know this has been a focus, so could you maybe just touch on some of the discipline you put in place to achieve this. And it does sound like you’re expecting kind of the same level of free cash flow in fiscal '20, but growth is attenuating. So are there offsets or is this just kind of more taking a conservative approach like you did last year. And if you want to wrap it up with the capital allocation and buyback decision, which is the largest authorization ever, that would be helpful.
Mike Dastoor: So, yes, Adam, extremely pleased with our cash flow performance in Q4 consistent with previous years. Some the disciplines we put in place on inventory on AR, AP, all of those are coming through, working capital efficiencies are improving. There will be puts and takes as we go forward, obviously when we do our strategic collaboration. The inventory levels go up a little bit and they come back down throughout FY '20. Yes, so there's a lot of efficiencies taking place in working capital side and I feel really good about the $500 million plus that we put out for free cash flow. Maybe there's a little bit of conservatism in there, but it includes all the other pieces on the optimization side and some of the cash. I think we’ve mentioned about $35 million of cash will go out on the optimization side as well. So feel good about that. Capital allocation, I think the basis, I think it lays out a clear path on what we're trying to do over the next two years and I think the starting point is our free cash flow number and the share buybacks and dividends of approximately 60%, we feel is a good target to drive in over the next two years.
Adam Tindle: Got it. That’s very …
Mark Mondello: This is Mark again. While I was listening to Mike talk, another thing that popped in my head to your question around '21 is, Adam, alluded to it and I think I mentioned it somewhere in my prepared remarks. I think for both sales side, buy side and anybody interested in the company, taking some time and looking at videos that were posted or will be posted right after the call will be extremely beneficial in terms of activities that will also contribute to '20 and '21.
Adam Tindle: Appreciate it and congrats on a strong year.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Adam.
Mike Dastoor: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steven Fox from Cross Research. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. I’ve two questions. First off, can you talk a little bit more about the process that went into deciding to take some capacity out on a wireless side. I heard some excess capacity concerns, which I think were there a year-ago, but then also you were talking about growth when you get out to fiscal '21. So is it just a mismatch capacity, different types of programs that came up made the decision happen. I would love some color on that. And then I had a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Steve, let me take a swing at it and then maybe Mike will add some commentary. What we felt is, if we look at the leadership team we have in Jabil Green Point today, the work they’ve done in the last 18 months is fascinating to me. And the fact that we're taking out some capacity is no indication around health of business -- lack of health of the business where we're positioned is as good today as we've ever been. Market share is in good shape. The team has just done a tremendous job of -- for lack of better word, getting more water through a smaller pipe. And so we looked at all of this and said, the timing feels pretty good to take out some capacity. There is a small subset of that capacity that needed to be taken out regardless. But the vast majority is we really wanted our kind of our back half of '20 and certainly '21 financials to be properly reflected, if you will, for again lack of a better term. So I think it's a really good decision and I think the timeliness of the decision is appropriate. And I don’t know if you had anything to add, Mike.
Mike Dastoor: And so some of the automation and manufacturing process improvements that we've put into place over the last 18 months, that makes us -- that gives us confidence that we can put in more incremental revenues through a reduced capacity. And we’ve sort of -- we feel really good about our market share. There's no loss of market share. In fact, we are gaining market share. So overall, I think it’s the right decision and it contributes to DMS margins.
Steven Fox: That's very helpful. Thank you for that. And then just as a follow-up, the message came through loud and clear in terms of improving margins and optimizing what you have in terms of programs. But how do you manage the customer relationships going forward as you execute that maybe they want to add more to the Jabil pipeline, but that doesn't seem to be in the cards in the next new 12 to 18 months? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Well, I’m not so sure it's not in the cards. I think there's two elements for Mike and I. One is, we continue to improve the overall portfolio both in terms of our right to play in certain markets, selection of certain markets that we think are a bit more stable, a bit more predictable at times longer product life cycles. And then, in addition to that, one of the things that we've done a really nice job of, so Steve, you know well, the last 3, 4 years our hair has been on fire a bit in terms of overall growth for a number of well thought strategic reasons. Taking our foot off the gas, I think is healthy. We put a lot of pressure on the factories, a lot of pressure on the team. So now it's time to slow the car down just a hair, refine it, polish it up, but in terms of -- if we’ve got good opportunities, I think the way we look at that is reset and hurdle rates for each of our business sectors and business division. So what you could expect is, if revenue -- if we do take on opportunities and revenue creeps up, I think there's a high probability that additional earnings will come with it without any attenuation to margin either in '20 or '21.
Steven Fox: That’s very helpful. Good luck going forward.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citi. Your line is now live.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much, guys. If my math is right and it might be wrong, I think the full-year fiscal '20 sales growth rate is slightly under 3% around 2.7%. But the Q1 outlook is up about closer to 8%. Maybe my numbers are wrong on that, but it seems like you were expecting a strong wind down or tail off of growth as the year progresses, is that due to you exiting the business? And it looks like this category called Edge device and lifestyles is the biggest challenge there? Can you walk us through kind of the linearity, is my math right and kind of what’s going on there? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Jim. I think your math is right. I think the Q -- if you look at the Q1 kind of growth rate, the Q1 growth rate is going to be kind of double-digit year-on-year, Q1 to Q1 on the EMS side and then normalizes throughout the year. I think that's twofold. One is Q1 of last year was a little bit of a abnormality, because we hadn't ramped any of the new businesses yet. So the kind of the denominator in the growth rate was a little bit distorted. I think if I think about Q2 and Q3 and Q4, we end up with kind of tougher comps with growth towards the back half of the year based on the timing of the new business ramps and how they laid in '19. So part of it is kind of the overall comps year-on-year comparison for '19 and then as well as the first half of fiscal '20, which is really kind of the back half of calendar '19 is also an area where we're completing ramp. So, overall, your math is correct and I wouldn't take anything away from that other than it's really about how the comps are measured.
Jim Suva: And then, Mike, correct that the biggest challenge is the subdivision or sub-segment you called edge device and lifestyles. It looks like year-over-year going to be down about $0.5 billion, is that right? And help us just understand that a little bit.
Mark Mondello: I would say in our DMS segment where edge device plays, that's a fair observation. And I would say that overall on edge device, what we call edge device and lifestyle, Jim, there's three items that are playing there. So I think on our -- for lack of a fancier term, our green, blue slide that Mike spoke to on end markets, it shows edge device lifestyle for the year-on-year going from about $3.5 billion to $3 billion. I remember the exact numbers, but call it down $400 million, $500 million year-on-year. That's for a few different reasons. Number one is, there is a significant number of products in that bucket. So a number of those products are going through technology changes as things prepare for 5G. Number two is, certain products are just plainly going into life. And number three is, management's just made some decisions not to pursue follow-on products based on those products not meeting either a margin structure or cash flow priorities. The nice thing about that, Jim, is repeal $400 million, $500 million out of edge device and it gets replaced by really healthy outlook from healthcare and packaging. So I think the swap is quite good and really sets a nice platform for us as we move into fiscal '21.
Jim Suva: Great. And then quickly can you just update us on the Johnson & Johnson transition as it -- I'm sure it's still transitioning if not fully done would be my assumption. May be either a number of sites or amount of revenues or just where we think about the phase or ending of that transition? Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes, sure. The -- when we first announced the wonderful collaboration with JJMD, there was -- there were some noise out there about, Geez, you guys going to be able to execute. This is like other big deals done in the industry that maybe didn't turn out so well. I think I said in our June call that Wave 1 and Wave 2 were completed and completed the plan. Those Waves had five factory sites and we welcomed all the employees from those sites. Wave 3, Jim, is coming along as planned. It will be integrated and closed on time. In fact, the plan is for the end of this month. So all in all, really, really pleased. Lots of hard work, but I think it's a win-win for both Johnson & Johnson and Jabil. And as I said, I think in the June call, revenues from the transaction still look to be in the $800 million to $1 billion range for fiscal 2020.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details and clarifications. It's greatly appreciated.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks. Good morning and thanks for all the details on the sub-sectors. Very helpful. In your outlook, you talked about growing the auto and semi-cap segment fairly significantly. Is that mostly on the auto side? You talked about continued weakness in semi-cap until basically the end of your fiscal year. So where is that growth coming from?
Mark Mondello: Sure. Thanks for the question, Matt. The -- again in Mike's prepared remarks and his assumptions as we sit today and it's been a moving target, unfortunately, it's been a target that's moved on us a couple of times to the right. But Alex Parimbelli and his team who oversee that part of our business has, kind of, put a little bit of a more stable guidepost in thinking that our semi-cap recovery, at least as applicable to Jabil. We should start seeing recovery in summer of calendar 2020. And we think that recovery carries through beyond the end of our fiscal 2020 and into 2021. And then on the automotive side, Mike Loparco and his team, Chad Morley and all the folks that run our automotive business have it really well position specifically in areas of electrification and sensing around the vehicle. So that's where the growth coming in both of those sectors combined.
Matt Sheerin: I guess despite the fact that the auto production continues to be weak. Is that just incremental program wins, basically?
Mark Mondello: Well, it's two things. One, it's always great to have huge wins at your sale in terms of market growth. But when we take a look at where we are positioned in the marketplace, it's not just all about vehicle production, it's about content per vehicle. And again, where we’ve chosen to participate strategically, content per vehicle for us looks quite good.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. And then on DMS, could you talk about the packaging area? I know that has not been a big contributor to profits. I know you’ve had some management changes there, you've had some more optimistic outlook. So can you talk about that business and how that contributes to your op margin increases over the next couple of years?
Mark Mondello: Yes, I chuckle because I remember sitting here not that long ago talking about the drag on the company from our packaging group. And happy to say that the packaging business continues to grow double digits in terms of top line. The drag on the company is now gone. And I said in my prepared remarks, I made some comment around one of the things we pride ourselves on is keeping fixed things fixed. And the lady that we hired out of the packaging industry has turned over the vast majority of our packaging leadership team. What she has dove into with her team is a service offering now and a solutions offering now in the packaging space from a company that has massive scale, great capabilities in terms of miniaturization, precision machining coatings, electrical and electronic assembly, and combining that with a pure packaging molding background. And we think our service offering is quite good. So certainly our packaging business is planned to be a material contributor as we move into fiscal 2021 and certainly a contributor in helping us get the company to the 4% margin outlook that we talked about for fiscal 2021 as well.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, Mark.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good morning and thanks for the detailed presentation and slides. As -- first off and to better understand your manufacturing plan and as the company constructed its CapEx plan for fiscal 2020, I'm curious if you are contemplating any increased manufacturing in different geographic locations because of tariffs, or maybe just more broadly are you're seeing any interest from customers or potential new customers and moving out of manufacturing locations?
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mark. So there is a couple of different questions there. In terms of trade tariff issues, I said back, I think it was the June call that as we sit today no big material impacts to us. As we are sitting now in September, again, very little materiality in terms of actual business moves. I think, I mentioned something around the fact that there continues to be a deep rooted supply chain in China. A lot of our customers, when they look at the analysis, don't see a great payback in terms of moving existing business. And then there is a decent amount of our China revenue that's concerned -- consumed in other geos other than the U.S., so kind of not applicable. With all that said, Mark, one of the things that we have taken a hard look at in the last 75, 90 or 100 days is we do think with all the growth we put into the company, general footprint expansion is essential. And so from a CapEx perspective, we are going to continue to expand our footprint. And a lot of that expansion is largely outside of China. Most of that expansion is in support of our EMS business. And then there's probably an OpEx component to that, Mark. As I think about the overall EMS margins and somebody else earlier in the conversation today was asking about it, our EMS margins are always the last number of years stronger in the back half of the fiscal year versus the front half. This year EMS margins will also be lighter in the front half versus the back half and a small subset of that is we've planned about $10 million to $12 million of OpEx in the first half of the year in terms of EMS as far as footprint expansion strategically. So I hope that answers your question. And by the way, that's all built into our model and our outlook.
Mark Delaney: Yes, that's all very helpful. Thank you for that. My follow-up question was the outlook for the enterprise business, lower revenues in the guidance for this year? Is that just more end-market weakness or anything around the programs that you’re able to [indiscernible] we should be thinking about? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think the answer is yes. We've been participating in that space literally forever. We are very well positioned in that space with our service offerings. We understand it inside and out. And, overall, if I think about the enterprise space collectively, if I set cloud aside, we are not going to see big growth in that sector of our business, but it's still a very important part of our business. It has lots of critical scale. I think the numbers Mike showed on our sector chart is still a $4 billion business for us. Really good in terms of stable cash flows. So, all in all, pleased with the business. But yes, your thesis are understanding around the end markets, I think it's correct.
Mark Delaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one, just to clarify the focus on footprint optimization. Are you actually going to use the $85 million to repurpose the factories from one area of DMS to another, or are you actually closing factories? And related to that, you’ve got mobility revenues declining $200 million in fiscal 2020. Some people think that the next year, fiscal 2021, can be a strong year for 5G related mobility. Would you have enough capacity to support that and put mobility revenues then grow in fiscal 2021?
Mark Mondello: Hi Ruplu, it's Mark. Let me take a swing and let Mike add. So on the mobility side, I think our outlook '19 to '20 write-down $200 million, I don't think that's overly material, but directionally it's down. I think, we are being somewhat conservative this year in the mobility business. It's not an indication, as we said earlier, in terms of how we're positioned. It's not an indication of that whole sector for us in terms of market share. We are quasi-bullish on mobility for '21, again, based on 5G. So as I also alluded to earlier, it's really about the incredible job our teams done around Green Point. We are just getting better water flow through smaller pipe and that's due to factory optimization, layouts, efficiencies, automation, robotics. And again, some of the CapEx we spent in the last couple of years is really starting to pay good dividends for us on the factory floor. So, again, I wouldn't read anything into it in terms of how we view the mobility market or how we view the relationships we have in that area. Quite frankly, it's all in relatively good shape. Mike, do you got anything to add?
Mike Dastoor: No, I think the biggest factor is that the ability to drive more revenues through a reduced capacity that we are putting in place. I think Mark talked about automation, robotics, all of that’s going to take over the next year or so. We will be able to drive a lot more revenue through a much, much reduced footprint.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for the clarification on that, Mark. Maybe the next question on EMS. You’ve got the wireless 5G and cloud revenues flat in fiscal '20. I would have thought that there would be some 5G build outs and you would see stronger growth. And you've done a great job with the cloud business this year. Can you just talk about what do you see -- how you see that business growing in the next year and why wouldn't we see more growth in that area?
Mark Mondello: Well, we might. I think we are -- the cloud business is relatively new to us. Again, I think Alex and his whole team have done a really nice job there. I think, we're looking at it going, "Okay. Let's not get over our skis." So take that as intended, but the cloud business is in really nice shape for us. And we think the outlook is going to be quite good. I think the other thing is, remember the $4 billion plus that we're showing is on a net scale. So, one could look at it intuitively and go, "Geez, why is the growth number is not higher with strong anticipation of 5G?". We are not going to see a lot of 5G in fiscal 2020. But also the biggest component to that is, as we move into '21 and '22 is there is going to be some cannibalization of LTE and 4G. So on a net-net basis, I think our outlook is relatively conservative, but that's why the numbers look like they look.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Okay that makes sense. And for my last question, Mike, on the $600 million authorization, what is the cadence of that? I mean, how many years is that over and how should we think about the cadence of buyback? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: I think the $600 million is over a couple of years. I think, I would -- for modeling purposes, I would factor in about 50% -- I think, we've said 50% to 60% between share buybacks and dividends and the capital allocation framework. So that's factoring about $250 million for FY '20 and $350 million for FY '21.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Paul Coster from JP Morgan. Your line is now line.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my question. So, first, nice operating margin guidance here for the next two years. But your operating margins have been kind of relatively in the 3.5% range for the past three fiscal years. What’s giving you more confidence that we should see some acceleration here over the next two years? Is this more a function of product mix, some cost efficiency, possibly, more higher margin design work? And then what kind of question are you baking in for variables you can't control, particularly if there is a global recession?
Mark Mondello: Sure. So I think -- geez, without trying to sound overly promotional, I think the last three or four years, everything that -- not everything, I think lots of what we’ve talked about, we've accomplished. If we go back to a year-ago and what we said we would do in '19, we largely accomplished those goals. If we go back to fiscal '18, we largely accomplished those goals. And quite frankly, our focus in the last three or four years has been on top line growth for a lot of the reasons we've talked about for the last 10 to 12 quarters. I think in the last -- with where the growth has gone, with the amount of growth in top line we've added to the company for all of the right reasons in my opinion, we as a leadership team now again has taken our foot off to pedal a bit in terms of growth. We are still going to grow, we're going to be a bit more selective. And we are going to focus on margins and cash flows. The nice thing about that is, sometimes growth isn't well within our control. I could tell you that the company has a 50-year track record of operational excellence and with the investments we've made in the factories the last two years, I think Mike in his CapEx slide broke out this year kind of an innovation engineering line item under CapEx. He did so that you can see from a sustainability standpoint and a technology standpoint in our factories. We are not under investing in that area. So the good news is for the next 12 to 24 months, a lot of what we are working on in terms of margin and cash flow is squarely in our control, and it's something we know how to do really, really well. I would also add to it a comment you made. Another component of the margin expansion, absolutely, is the composition of the commercial portfolio, which we feel really, really good about.
Paul Chung: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, my follow-up is on CapEx levels longer term. As you upgrade more manufacturing sites with more automation, do you kind of see a structural change in some of that maintenance CapEx? Does that $550 million, kind of, maintenance CapEx will come down over time or should we just kind of think about 3% of sales as a correct way to kind of model CapEx spend longer term? Thanks.
Mike Dastoor: So I talked about where we stand today with our sites, it's about 100 sites in 30 countries. That's a big footprint. It will always require some level of maintenance as we go through some of the leasehold improvements, some equipment changeover for keeping up the technologies, factory-of-the-future, IT, automation, etcetera. So I think looking forward that $550 million-ish or that 2% sounds about right from a percentage perspective.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Andrew Vadheim from Wolfe Research. Your line is now live.
Andrew Vadheim: Thank you. Good morning. Taking a look at EMS at '20 revenue growth, the full-year guidance were 4%. However, the 1Q guide of 11% would imply a 2% year-over-year growth for quarters two through four. So I recognize there's a tougher set of comps in the middle of the year, particularly, but why is there such a sizable drop off and what sort of the linearity for the last three quarters? Could we potentially see a sequential decline 1Q to 2Q?
Mark Mondello: A sequential decline in EMS revenues?
Andrew Vadheim: EMS, Yes.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think for modeling purposes, it would be good to think about EMS as flat Q1 to Q2. But could there be a sequential decline? There could. I think in our models, we're thinking about Q2 being relatively flat to Q1. And again, as I mentioned, a lot of that has to do with what you are measuring against last year. So 1Q of '19 before we started layering in revenues, I don't remember the exact numbers, but 1Q of EMS last year revenue was around $3.5 billion, I think, and I think we ended the year well over $4 billion. So again, we were ramping business through '19. Those are the comps that will be compared against some stronger comps Q2 through Q4 this year. But all in all, I feel really good about our EMS business this year. It's still going to end up growing 3%, 4% year-on-year. So around the $16 billion I think that we gave you and more importantly is as we will have a -- we think a 30, 40 basis point pickup in margin year-on-year going from the 3.1% last year back into a more normalized range of 3.5%.
Andrew Vadheim: Thank you. That’s helpful. And then just one on the tax rate. Tax rate in the quarter came in a little bit below guidance. In last call, Mark, I think you made a point to discuss that overall '19 tax rate kind of come in higher than they would have -- than you would have liked. But you would expect to get to more normalized level, sort of, in F '20 and F '21. Was the F 4Q rates, sort of, on at that normalized level? Was it sort of the beginning of the normalized level?
Mark Mondello: I think, the tax rate depends a lot on where the revenues are being generated. Like we've said in the past 100 sites, 30 countries, a little bit of a mix shift in -- from one country to another. That could change the tax rate considerably. We feel good with our guidance going forward in that range of 26% to 28% that we've prescribed for FY '20. Will it be on the lower end or higher end? Don't know at this stage, but I think we feel good that it's moving in the right direction. It should continue to go down as we look out to our business mix going forward.
Andrew Vadheim: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We reached end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Adam for any further closing comments.
Adam Berry: That's it for us. Thank you for joining us. The slides and videos will be on our website shortly, and we look forward to talking with everybody soon. This event has now ended.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-06-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Good afternoon, and welcome to Jabil's third quarter of fiscal 2019 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today's call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the discussion and view the slides, you will need to be logged into our webcast on jabil.com. At the end of today's call, both the presentation and a replay of the call will be available on Jabil's Investor Relations Web site. Please note that during today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding our outlook for business and our expected fourth quarter and fiscal '19 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecast, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018, and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to CEO, Mark Mondello. Mark?
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. As usual, I'll begin by offering our people a warm thanks for their hard work and continued dedication. I'm proud of the fact that keeping our people safe is a top priority for all of us here at Jabil. Before I get into our financial results, I'll offer a few thoughts around what we're seeing in terms of trade and tariffs. Today, very few customers are moving existing production out of China. I believe this decision made by those customers is based on three factors. One, the deep-rooted mature supply chain that's foundational to China; two, many of our customers don't see a reasonable payback associated with such a move; and three, a decent percentage of our China revenue is for final consumption in geographies other than the United States. With that said, if the landscape shifts and customers change their mind, Jabil is well-positioned to author and implement safe and practical solutions which best serve the needs of our customers. In fact, I believe Jabil is positioned better than most especially when considering the commonality of our IT systems embedded throughout our seamless network of factories around the globe. Now, turning to slide four, let's take a look at our third quarter results. The team generated core operating income of $186 million on revenues of $6.1 billion, and core earnings per share of $0.57. This was in line with our guidance, and 24% higher than last year, Q3-to-Q3. Within our EMS segment, we saw 26% revenue growth year-on-year, which was driven by cloud, point-of-sale, 5G and wireless, and our industrial sector. Our DMS segment delivered a core operating margin of 2.6% for the quarter, representing a 130 basis point improvement year-on-year. When I step back and I look at the first nine months of the year, I see further demonstration of our financial stability; all in all another fine quarter. Mike will provide more detail around our quarter and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks. So moving to slide five, you'll find the specific areas that currently have management's attention. These priorities are the foundation from which we serve our customers and our shareholders. With that, let's take a look at slide six, where you'll find the first area of focus, which is market and product diversification. This colorful pie chart represents a wonderful building block of our story. Within the company, we speak frequently about the importance of diversifying our business, but diversification for the sake of diversification has little relevance. What is relevant is knowing that as we become less dependant on any single product or product family we realize much improved reliability around our cash flows. With this improved reliability comes greater simplification of the business, enhancing our ability to execute. Our results in fiscal '18, and thus far in '19, gives us confidence that our approach is working. I'll now turn your attention to slide seven, where a key element of our strategy is the natural growth of our new business wins. Today, our execution has been sound and our performance is ahead of plan. This gives us a high degree of confidence that this $2.4 billion in new business will have a favorable financial outlook in fiscal year '20, just as we committed at the beginning of the year. For today's call, I want to provide an update on our collaboration with Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Company. But before I speak to the slide, I'm pleased to welcome our new team members from the cities of Elmira, Brandywine, and Monument, the three J&J factory locations we transferred over to Jabil during the quarter. These new colleagues now join their peers from Torres and Albuquerque in becoming an integral part of our team, and again, welcome to all. In terms of the collaboration itself, I'm happy to report that both Wave 1 and Wave 2 are now complete, and completed on time. Wave 3 will be next, and we trust that it'll also be very successful and completed on time. Our revenue forecast for this business remains in the range of $800 million to $1 billion for fiscal year '20. Thanks to everyone involved, the teamwork between Jabil and J&J has been sensational. Now, turning to slide eight, if you consider the midpoint of our Q4 guidance provided today, fiscal year '19 remains intact, and consistent with the commitments we made at the beginning of the fiscal year. Specifically, revenue looks to be $25.3 billion for the year, core operating income would expand to $875 million at the midpoint of the guidance, up 14% from a year ago. And we're on target to deliver $400 million of adjusted free cash flow, and uplift of 60% when compared to fiscal year '18. Altogether, fiscal '19 is shaping up to be another nice year. As we move through the fourth quarter, our goals remain unchanged, putting us in good light for next year. Speaking of fiscal year '20, let's jump to my final slide, slide nine. When I think about the tremendous progress we've made, I conclude that our business is solid and on firm ground financially, operationally, and commercially. Much like last September, we plan to have another investor briefing as we head into fiscal year '20. This briefing will be held on September 24th via webcast. We'll open the session by reporting our fourth quarter and full-year results, followed by a review of our priorities, and highlighting how they'll positively impact fiscal '20. Add to this a discussion on end markets and observations specific to the macro environment as it presents itself at that time. Mike will conclude the September session by offering a fiscal '20 financial outlook as we prioritize margins and cash flows. Mike will lay out how we plan to increase free cash flow roughly 25% year-on-year, fiscal '19 to '20, expand core operating margins, and provide another year of double-digit core EPS growth. Mike will also break down the shape of the year by quarter in terms of expected core EPS contribution. Finally, we'll wrap up the September session by sharing a well balanced capital return framework for which we remain fully committed.  In closing, I like our strategy. We're clear on our mission and our priorities, and what we're doing is working. Our team is experienced, and the discipline we're showing is reflective in our results. I'd like to once again extend my thanks to everyone here at Jabil and all our new employees from J&J and to all of those on the call today. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Mark, and good afternoon. I'm very pleased with our performance in both segments during Q3. During the quarter, our teams executed extremely well, delivering solid year-over-year core operating margin expansion on strong double-digit revenue growth. Our solid Q3 results are yet another proof point that our diversification strategy is working. Net revenue for the third quarter was $6.1 billion, an increase of 13% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $140.9 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.28. Core operating income came in $11 million better than the midpoint of our guidance during the quarter at $185.8 million, an increase of 24% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 3%. Turning to interest and tax, net interest expense during the quarter was approximately $58 million, above previous expectations, driven mainly by the timing and scale of our ongoing new business awards. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 30.4%, approximately 300 basis points above expectations driven by the geographical mix of earnings. In summary, core operating income came in stronger than expected, offset by higher interest and tax expense which negatively impacted the quarter by approximately $0.04. Altogether, this resulted in core diluted earnings per share of $0.57 in line with expectations. Now turning to our third quarter segment results, revenue for our DMS segment was $2.1 billion, down 6% year-over-year. This was mainly due to continued weakness in mobility demand offset by strength in our healthcare and packaging businesses. In Q3, core operating income for the segment nearly doubled on a year-over-year basis to $54.9 million, and as a percentage of sales improved 130 basis points to 2.6%. These impressive results highlight our improved business mix, and once again underscores the tremendous progress we've made in our diversification efforts. Revenue for our EMS segment increased by 26% year-over-year to $4 billion. We continue to see exceptional growth in EMS associated with our new business wins in 5G wireless, cloud, and automotive. Core margins for the segment declined 50 basis points year-over-year to 3.3% due primarily to continued softness in the semi-cap space and costs associated with our new business awards. Next, I'd like to outline our updated expectations for revenue in fiscal year 2019 by end market. Within DMS, we now expect slightly higher growth within edge devices and accessories. Our expectations for mobility and healthcare and packaging remain consistent with our outlook in March. Given our updated outlook, we now expect core operating margin for DMS to come in at 3.9%, a 20 basis point improvement from a quarter ago on slightly lower revenue of $9.9 billion. Turning to EMS, we anticipate stronger revenue in our print, point of sale, 5G wireless and cloud end markets. Within our semi-cap business, we now anticipate the weakness to persist into the second half of calendar year 2020.Given our updated outlook we now expect core operating margins of 3.2% on slightly higher revenues of $15.4 billion. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet, during the quarter, our days in inventory remained elevated mainly due to timing differences and came in below expectations at 64 days, a decline of only one day sequentially. I'm confident as we move into Q4 and beyond, inventory levels will contract to below 60 days as growth moderates and the component market continues to normalize. Cash flows provided by operations were $5 million in Q3 and net capital expenditures totaled $229 million. Core return on invested capital for Q3 was 14.7%, an improvement of 180 basis points over the prior year. We exited the quarter with a total debt to core EBITDA level of approximately 1.9 times and cash balances of $694 million. Turning now to our capital return framework, since the inception of our capital return framework in June of 2016, we have returned approximately $1.4 billion to shareholders including repurchases and dividends. We remain committed to balance capital returns and look forward to outlining our capital allocation framework for FY 2020 in September. Turning now to our fourth quarter guidance, DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 4% on a year-over-year basis to $2.5 billion while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 22% on a year-over-year basis to $4.1 billion. We expect total company revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $6.3 billion to $6.9 million for an increase of approximately 14% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $215 million to $275 million with core operating margin in the range of 3.4% to 4%. GAAP operating income is expected to be in the range of $169 million to $235 million. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.76 to $0.96. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.47 to $0.71. The tax rate on core earnings in the fourth quarter is estimated to be in the range of 27% to 29%. As we move into the final quarter of FY 2019, I'm confident in our team's ability to execute and efficiently manage working capital and generate strong cash flows. Working capital improvements will come mainly through the combination of improved inventory levels as growth moderates and the component market continues to normalize. These factors give me confidence in our ability to deliver adjusted free cash flows of $400 million for the year. In summary, fiscal 2019 is shaping up to be a great year, and we hope to build upon this positive momentum in FY 2020. Moving forward, I expect growth in both earnings and free cash flow will come through meaningful margin expansion and improved working capital efficiency. I'll now turn the call back over to Adam to begin Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. Before we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product-specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks, and good afternoon. I just wanted to start, Mark, it looks like you're on track for the $3 EPS target that you talked about around three years ago based on this quarter-end guidance. At the end of last fiscal year you gave a navigational beacon of $4 of EPS and a free cash flow number per share that implied a similar amount. So the question is I'm just hoping that maybe you can reflect on the obstacles related to the $3 that looks like you're on track to achieve and how the path that $4 navigational beacon may be similar or different. It sounds like Mike kind of mentioned obviously margin improvement and cash flow improvement for the $4 whereas the $3 is more revenue growth. So if you could just touch on those dynamics to start that'll be helpful?
Mark Mondello: All right. Well, good multi-question for question one. I think the best way to think about it, Adam, is as follows. I think all year back starting in September, we've been talking about $400 million of free cash flow, margins at about 3.5%, core EPS in the neighborhood of $3. If you take the midpoint of our guidance, sum everything together, I think it sums at like $2.97 or $2.98, which I think puts us squarely in the neighborhood of $3, so check the box to that. What I'm pleased with is at the beginning of the year we thought operating income would be about $850 million. I think we took that up either in the second quarter call -- first or second quarter, December-March call we took it up to like $865 million, and now if you take the midpoint of our guidance it's all the way up, at $875 million. So, one of the things I'm really pleased with is, is the operational earnings power of the company is stronger than we thought. And I thought we had some pretty aggressive numbers at the beginning of the year. As I think about where the company is headed in fiscal '20 and '21, maybe a really simplistic way to think about the company financially. Our tax rate overall for this year is higher than I'd like. That's just a direct calculation in which both geographies', jurisdictions' incomes generated. I think that'll normalize back to a more normalized level as we move forward to '20 and '21. In addition to that, our interest expense is a little more fluffy, for lack of a better word, than we thought it would be. Beginning of the year we thought interest expense would be in the $210 million, maybe $215 million range. It's probably going to be more like $225 million for the year. That'll normalize as well if I think of one of the -- or one of the ways I look at interest expense for the company is kind of as a percentage of EBITDA. We're probably 150-200 basis points higher than what I'd call normal. But that's a bit intentional. And what I mean by that is, is we've taken on what I think is very, very good new business wins that's come very naturally to us. I use the term in the slides this time, kind of natural growth. It wasn't forced. And so what I think of is very short-term, it's a bit of tradeoff of interest expense on a temporary basis being a little higher than we thought. But it really sets the foundation nicely for fiscal '20 and '21. If I think back to the navigational beacon, I think I shared two slides back in September. One was the navigational beacon where I thought we'd get to or on a path to 4% operating margins, and then I showed kind of a fiscal '21 outlay where I thought we'd get to $3.80 in earnings, also with very good margin. So, I think what we'll be able to share with you in September is, our plan is a little bit ahead of schedule, and I think we'll be able to share with you that by taking on a little bit more interest expense in '19, as you start seeing where we're going in '20 and then '21, as I said in my prepared remarks, one is as I think you're going to see -- continue to see double-digit growth on the core EPS line. I think free cash flow next year will be in the range of about $500 million, and again we'll continue to press on margin. So, again, all in all, if I think about what we said we'd do at the beginning of the year, where we're at today really, really pleased with the earning power on our core op line. And certainly the journey for us is to get the company to $4 a share in earnings, as well as 4% margins.
Adam Tindle: Okay, that's helpful. And I'll keep it to one part on a quick follow-up, more near-term on EMS revenue guidance for the Q4 quarter. You've had a number of customers experiencing weakness in the old E&I segment, so just maybe hoping that you can talk about the buildup for EMS revenue in Q4 because it looks still fairly healthy. Obviously year-over-year is benefiting from ramps, but I'm just thinking on a normal seasonal, sequential basis it seems pretty stable versus the customers who are experiencing some weakness. So helping just trying to understand where the delta lies in terms of the strength you're seeing. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think one thing that's really cool is we are seeing weakness in legacy EMS business. We kind of have our EMS business broken up into two sectors, kind of enterprise infrastructure, and then our engineering solutions group. I think we'll confirm that we're seeing some weakness in legacy E&I customers. And yet if I look at the numbers, and I'd have to go back and check this, Adam, I could have this wrong. But I think the midpoint to where we guided you and showed you on the slides where EMS revenue is going to be midpoint of guidance for 4Q. Again, I want to go check it, but I think that might be a record quarter in terms of revenue for EMS. And in fact you roll that in with DMS, I think it might be a record revenue for the company overall midpoint of guidance. So, I think that just speaks to what we're up to, which is we've got deep pockets of weakness that we've been talking about, semi-cap on the EMS side, we've been talking about mobility on the DMS side. And then we've got kind of this dither of different pockets of divots and weakness scattered through, as you framed it, some of the legacy customers. And yet revenue for Q4, both on the EMS segment as well as the company are going to be at record levels. So, again I think it speaks volumes for what we're up to in terms of the diversification of the business.
Adam Tindle: Yes. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions, please. First of all, Mark, the outlook for 5G and cloud has increased significantly since the beginning of the year. Can you maybe just provide a little bit more of a detailed walk on why you're having so much success there, and what you would attribute it to? And then secondly, you guys seem to be operating from a different playbook than the rest of the industry. There's a couple of competitors that are seeing their stock price incredibly depressed versus just a year ago. And I'm curious as to how that may affect you going forward, if it does at all. It seems like the model that's developed over the last three years to be a lot different than maybe a lot of the competitors. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Steve. So on the 5G cloud, I think there's a couple of catalysts there, one is, if I could start with 5G, there's tons in the media 5G is pushed into the [left] [ph], no it's not, maybe it is. 5G is coming. I think it's going to be transformational. There's lots being written about the tensions between Huawei and the U.S. I can tell you just in general, our legacy wireless business is about, as planned, maybe a little bit stronger. On the 5G side we're really, really pleased with our partners. I think they're positioned quite well in the overall infrastructure rollout for the U.S. and Europe. And we're fortunate to be right in the middle of that. So, today, we've taken, I think a reasonably, slightly conservative outlook for our 5G business, but all in all we feel pretty good on how we're positioned. And we'll see where that goes. On the cloud side, our team has built good partnerships with the hyperscale folks as well as some of the smaller folks. And our solution is, we've talked about it before, it's an asset-light solution. I think the main thesis around it is, is rapid configuration, significant reduction in overall network invested capital for all parties involved, and it seems to have been adopted, embraced, and as we sit today, in relatively good shape. I think you're correct, again, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but 5G and cloud I think at the beginning of the year combined we said would be in the range of $3 billion. And I think today it's in the range of closer to $4 billion. So that's just illustrative of a lot of hard work, success in terms of generating some new business, and then winning some market share from maybe a few other players on the 5G side. In terms of what we're doing, I appreciate the compliments. I think what we're doing is working. I think it's a combination of our structure, our approach. I think we're on to something here with this diversification strategy. Again, you think about our company, we've got some deep pockets of softness, and yet we're able to take our core operating income and grow it 14%-15% year-on-year on the operating line. And again I think it's due to the hard work of the team. But again I also think it's fundamental to our overall strategy. So, at a high level, I'd suggest we got a lot of hard work to do. We got to keep our nose down and serve our customers. But I think a lot of it has to do with our structure and our solutions. And at least for now it seems to be working, so we'll take it.
Steven Fox: Great, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. I've got two questions, Mark. First up, the revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, it's quite a wide range. I'm just wondering what assumptions have gone into that? And the second question is, notwithstanding your quite reassuring comments on China, I'm just wondering if there's any vulnerabilities or component shortages or other issues that have arisen that you're navigating for yourself or on behalf of your customers?
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks, Paul. On the revenue guidance, Paul, we kind of use a standard range plus or minus 10%-12%. I think it's been that way for a while. We haven't really changed it much. In the fourth quarter, we got to be careful because in the mobility sector we're always ramping new products and things could go bump in the night. We don't anticipate that here. If we wanted to I guess we could probably narrow the range a bit, but I kind of like the safety of a little bit of a wide range. If you look at our performance in the last 12 quarters or so we've been pretty close to the center points of the range, and haven't been in the outer limits, certainly not on the downside. So there's not a whole lot to that other than kind of consistency for the last 20 quarters or so in the ranges we said, especially the fourth quarter, again when we're going through ramps. In terms of China, if I think back to my prepared remarks, there's just been a lot of questions. And we felt like we'd get out in front of it early on in some commentary. And again, truth be told, today we have lots and lots of scenario planning going on with customers. I feel really good because we've got some of the greatest brands on the planet that really, really trust us to run lead for them on their scenario planning and what-if scenarios. But even with all the scenario planning going on we're just not seeing a lot of customers moving existing production. There is some customers where they've made some choices maybe to ramp some of their new products in other geographies. I think that's really healthy. It's really good for us because it continues to help us balance factories and factory loading. We're not seeing a lot of component shortages. And certainly component shortage is getting worse than they were two-three quarters ago. If I had to scope that out for you, Paul, I'd say that the components stress and strain and shortages probably peaked about two to three quarters ago. We're actually seeing the overall supply chain globally start to normalize. I think if things stay the same I think the supply chain normalizes fully by the fall timeframe of 2019, which might be earlier than we had anticipated. And I think the other thing for us is, is all in all, not too many customers picking out, moving out of China. But I said in my prepared remarks, if that happens, if things were to worsen, Jabil I think is one of the best companies on the planet to help these brands, largely around the fact that we've got an excellent global footprint. We got about 50 million square feet of manufacturing space. But I think the real interesting thing in all that, Paul, is, is our factories are all weaved together with a very common IT system, and that's really, really beneficial to the customers. So, again, would like things to get settled, and settled as soon as possible between the U.S. and China. But again, I think we're in relatively good shape either way. I would close out that comment to say if things got really, really bad either short-term or long-term I think it's going to be tough on everybody, us included, but let's hope that that doesn't occur.
Paul Coster: Very good. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I have one on DMS and one on EMS. The first one on the diversified manufacturing services, I was just wondering if you can just comment on the revenue and margin performance. I mean revenues were better than expected, and margins significantly improved. So what drove the outperformance, any color there would be beneficial. And do you have any revenue shift from 4Q into 3Q?
Mark Mondello: That question was solely around DMS, correct?
Ruplu Bhattacharya: That's right, only on DMS.
Mark Mondello: Okay, because I heard you say two. So let me address that, and then we can come back to your EMS question, Ruplu. Yes, I'm pretty excited about the results in DMS. So we expanded margins. Q3 is always a little bit of a soft quarter for us. We have product ramps going on in the mobility space. This year is no different, but I got to tell you the current team we have in place running that business today is doing an outstanding job on cost management, some factory re-layouts, the ability to maybe to ramp product a little bit more efficiently, more cost effectively. And then the other part on the DMS space is if you take a look at our packaging and healthcare growth, even if you took it back, say, 3Q of '18 versus 3Q of '19, the growth in healthcare and packaging has been substantial on a percentage basis. And when you think about the margin structure and the overall business in that area, that certainly was a contributor. So again, the revenue being up, it was -- I think DMS revenue for the quarter was up little over $100 million, not immaterial but not substantial, not all that uncommon, but what's really exciting for me is the margins on DMS we're starting to get a better blend quarter-on-quarter and not so much volatility, and again I think that's a good statement to our strategy.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Yes, that makes sense, and thanks for the color on that. Then my second question on EMS, I guess you have a lot of new programs that are ramping. I think the slide on fiscal 2019 core operating margins suggested 3.2%, which is slightly lower than what you had before. I know you're not giving guidance for fiscal 2020 but just conceptually as these programs ramp, is there any reason to think that EMS margins in fiscal '20 can't be higher than what the 3.2% that you're projecting for fiscal '19. So any puts and takes there would be helpful.
Mark Mondello: Okay, I'll try to get myself not wrapped up or get myself in trouble or too far ahead of everything. So I think we're going to roll that out with quite a bit of detail on September, but I'd be highly disappointed if our EMS margins aren't higher than 3.2% next year. And I think we'll show you a path that you'll be pleased with in September. But again remember at the beginning of the year, I showed a chart, it was something along the lines of our base business in the company for fiscal '19 would be in the margin range of about 3.7%, and then the new business wins and at the time we thought across the company the new business that we're taking on would be in the $2 billion range, of which the vast majority of that was in EMS. I think if you look at the numbers today, the new business platforms are going to be bumping up against $2.5 billion. So, decent growth there, very select growth, intentional growth, and growth that we've been very selective and kind of letting the leash out on. And we said at the beginning of the year that business would generate about 1%. I think Mike, either the last call or the December call had kind of framed out and said, "Look, we're going to have a lot of investment in the front-half of the year on a lot of this business growth, and then it's going to start to normalize in the back half of the year." And again it's rough numbers, if you take a look at the EMS margins, Ruplu, I think blended for Q1, Q2 first-half of '19 EMS blended out about 2.3%, 2.4%, back-half of the year for EMS is going to be blended probably closer to 4%. So again, I think we're on an appropriate trajectory, and again I think you and your peers will be pleased with what you hear in September in terms of our EMS margins for '20.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, great. Thank you so much for the color. I appreciate it.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please proceed with the question.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks and good afternoon. Just following up on the questions related to the strong growth you're seeing in EMS and specifically in the cloud area, I know there's been some big share gains, you've made some big investments in that space, but I know there is it's lumpy in terms of limited number of very big players particularly the hyperscale players. How diversified are you within that space in terms of your customer base?
Mark Mondello: Yes, Matt. So this question came up in kind of a similar format last call. Not going to get into the number of brands we serve and then it was asked about brands and then we were asked about hyperscale versus small folks. We won't get into any of that. We may get into that more in the September call. The one thing though that is pretty cool about that business is we've made lots of investments on a variable basis in terms of engineering and process, but in terms of -- in terms of fixed costs, if I was going to contrast that, say, with our mobility business that is heavily fixed cost weighted. Our fixed cost investments and for that matter working capital investments on the cloud business is what -- maybe for lack of a better word, statement whatever it's very, very asset-light. So it's very flexible. We can ebb and flow as volumes go up and down, and we don't have the stress and strain of the load of large fixed assets in that business, which by the way is a gem in terms of our solution and the potential variability of that business going forward.
Matt Sheerin: So, the swing factors there would be really working capital then, and then maybe some variable labor costs or assembly-related costs?
Mark Mondello: That's right. I would characterize it as that business is -- it has a high, high degree of the variable cost infrastructure, which we can ebb and flow quite quickly. So, I feel comfortable with our solution being well-matched with that marketplace.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. And then your commentary on free cash flow improving 25% or so next year, is that also kind of a function of working capital coming down? I mean I know you're going to -- you plan to grow your operating profits, but you also talked about the component environment being more favorable and plans to bring down inventory working capital, is that how we get there? And also I guess CapEx?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Matt, I'll take -- I'll catch my breath and let Mike take that one.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Matt. So, the increase in free cash flow for next year is a combination of improvement in margin. Obviously our EBIT goes up and working capital normalizes. I think I mentioned in the past that inventory is at a higher level than we like it to be. Each day of working capital, each day of inventory is about $60 million. So you see improvements coming through on an annualized basis of just one or two days and you're getting there. We're about -- I'd expect a completely normalized inventory run rate to be around 55 days. Right now we're in 64. I think we'll be down to 60 relatively soon in Q4, and going forward if we take a day or two out, the free cash flow number 25% that sounds highly achievable.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And just quickly have you given CapEx guide for next year yet? I may have missed that.
Mark Mondello: No, you didn't miss it. We haven't given it, but we'll be talking about that in September for sure.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, very good, and congratulations.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Milunovich with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with the question.
Steve Milunovich: Thank you. Well, many of the semi-cap companies had predicted a second-half bounce back this year, you guys had pushed out your semi-cap improvements to 2020, and now you're pushing it out to the second-half, so I guess what are you seeing that's causing you to do that and how much confidence do you have in that?
Mark Mondello: I don't know that we have high degree of confidence in it. We have as much confidence, Steve, as our market intelligence would tell us. We have got great relationships with big brands there, and again remember, in our capital equipment is both front-end and back-end, so we pay a lot of attention to both. I actually think that we're starting to frame out timeframe and period for recovery is pretty consistent with the overall marketplace. So I think I'd be surprised if people are going to start seeing a big recovery in semi-cap by this fall. I think our take anyway has been that the market -- there was a small probability that we see some degree of modest recovery in the fall in '19. That probably won't happen. I think the modest recoveries will start if anything very late in calendar '19, and will start picking momentum up for recovery in early '20 and into the say late spring, early summer. The nice thing is I think the snapback on that business isn't going to be a step function, I think it will be improvement over time. So I would hope to see our semi-cap business start to perform better in our 1Q of '20 and then see the gradual progression from there.
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Steven, when Mark mentioned EPS growth rates of 10% plus and free cash flow of plus 25% in FY '20 that the semi-cap issue is already being considered in there.
Steve Milunovich: Okay, excellent. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. First is on healthcare, if I recall properly this year, the J&J business was supposed to be about $200 million and the slides have it for $800 million to $1 billion for next year. I think it's supposed to go from around EBIT breakeven to 2.5% to 3% EBIT margin next year. And I was just hoping to just better understand what needs to be done in order to get the margins up to the targeted range and what kind of linearity there may be as that's achieved?
Mark Mondello: Okay, thanks, Mark. Yes, I think the one thing I feel very good about is we came out with the announcement of the deal very, very early in the year. And if anything -- I was going to say nothing's changed, but actually there has been change, and it's all been changed to the positive. There're different waves of transference of capability leadership people and insights. Those are all to plan or ahead of plan. And the difference between this year and next year is so I think you're spot on, I think revenue this year for the overall relationship will be in the $250 million to $300 million range. I think that next year will still be in the $800 million to $1 billion range. I think this year will be close to breakeven, maybe a hair above, but I think it's fair to say breakeven all around. And the next year I think your numbers of 2.5% to 3% makes sense. And again, I would see that as a natural slope up from there as we move to fiscal 2021 and beyond. And the biggest issue is again the complexity and just the overall magnitude of the business in terms of IT systems bringing the teams over payroll, administrative types of things; the safety part of it is we've acquired an excellent team. So, unlike other transactions where we have to scramble around, add headcount, train inexperience, we acquired a fabulous group of people. On my prepared remarks today, I talked about the second wave of three sites coming onboard. Those teams are -- every bit is exceptional as the first two factories in Turis and Albuquerque. And then the other thing that's just kind of amazing to me is we felt like we were going to gather really, really good marketable capabilities as part of this deal, and those capabilities and what we plan to do with them are well ahead of expectations. So, it's pretty exciting.
Mark Delaney: Yes, thanks. Thanks for that. And my follow-up on the free cash flow guidance for next -- for this year, but would imply for next quarter, Mike, I know you talked about taking inventory days down to 60 or below. I think with the higher revenue that that doesn't drop that much of a change in inventory dollars quarter-to-quarter, given the higher volumes that are projected. So, maybe just a little bit more detail on what drives the increased working capital from a dollars perspective for next quarter to get to the free cash flow guidance? Thank you.
Mike Dastoor: It's just a combination of all working capital metrics. If you go back last couple of years, Q4 has been an extremely strong quarter from a cash flow perspective. If you take that as a percentage of revenues, Q4 of this year is extremely consistent with those trends. I feel really good. It's a combination of all working capital. It's a combination of the EBITDA that we'll be generating and all other metrics that makes the free cash flow number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Suva: Thank you. I only have one question, but I just certainly hope the answer is not both. And the question is you have clearly, honorably and impressively outperformed your peers for revenue growth. So the question is does that mostly come from your partnership with customers who have seen new product growing up and share gains or has there been execution issues by some of your competitors that you've been more agile to take advantage of it? Again, congratulations on the great growth, which is clearly stronger than your peers.
Mark Mondello: Well, thanks Jim. I appreciate the compliment. I don't want to comment on our peers. I think we have plenty in front of us to focus on. I do think, Jim, there's a differentiation with our IT systems. I said in my prepared remarks and I put it in there intentionally, you know, our team has really experienced and some times the experienced people get a little tired. You know what, our team is experienced and fully wound up, clear on the mission, clear on what our priorities are, I think our structure is outstanding in terms of decisions we're making, speed of decisions. I would tell you that even with the uplift in operating margins this year going from 8.50 to 8.75, again a 14%, 15% growth in core operating income year-on-year. With the growth we've put on top of the company, one of the things we pride ourselves on is our factories run really, really, really efficiently and really well. I think we've got a little bit of creaking going on with some of our factories because of the growth. I bring that up because the good news is our factory's performance is only going to get better next year, because growth won't be as great. And then you add to it the fact that the growth that we've taken on, and again we've said this over and over and over again, it was really good selective growth that adds great capabilities to the company and the growth that we have is growth rate in our sweet spot that we can execute on. So again, I don't have an opinion, or maybe I have opinions, but not opinions I want to share with our competition. I got a lot of respect for the challenges they have, but I really like what we're up to, and I like our path forward.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details and clarifications. That's greatly appreciated.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks, Jim.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Adam Berry for any closing remarks.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining us today. This now concludes our event. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-03-14 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Jabil Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Adam Berry, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Good afternoon and welcome to Jabil’s second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today’s call is being webcast live, and during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the discussion and view the slides, you will need to be logged into our webcast on jabil.com. At the end of today’s call, both the presentation and a replay of the call will be available on Jabil’s Investor Relations website. Before we begin, I'd like to remind all listeners that during today’s conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, such as our currently expected third quarter and fiscal year 2019 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With that, it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to CEO, Mark Mondello.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good afternoon. As always, I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by extending a warm thanks to our people here at Jabil, for their hard work and never-ending commitment to our customers. Also, I'm proud of the fact that keeping our people safe is the top priority for all. Thank you. Now turning to slide 3. Let's take a look at our second quarter results. We had another excellent quarter, as the team delivered core operating income of $191 million on revenues of $6.1 billion, resulting in core earnings per share of $0.64, $0.03 above the midpoint of our guidance. During the quarter, we experienced robust revenue in our EMS segment. This strength was driven by our cloud, retail and industrial sectors. Within our DMS segment, the results were terrific. Core operating margin came in at 4.5%, a 110 basis point improvement year-on-year, this, despite weak demand in our mobility sector, another testament that our broad-based diversification strategy is taking hold and it's working. Overall, I'm really pleased with the quarter and the results posted for the first half of the year. As is customary, Mike will provide more details around our results and our forward guidance during his prepared remarks. Moving to slide 4. You'll find the priorities of our management team. The first area is constructing market and product diversification which we believe drives a higher degree of reliability in terms of our financial results. The second is to ensure successful ramps of our new business, businesses where our team maintains a high degree of confidence in their ability to deliver. And once delivered at scale, assure this $2.4 billion book of business has the most favorable outlook financially. And third is driving outstanding financial performance across the company with a commitment to free cash flow and margins as we look towards fiscal year 2020. These three areas receive constant focus and attention from our leadership team and form the platform from which we execute our strategy. Next on slide 5, you'll see a pie chart which offers you an update of our current business portfolio. I love how this looks. With each passing year, the blend of our revenues become better balanced and far less dependent on any single product or product family. So, why is this so important? Quite simply greater diversification increases the reliability of our earnings and our cash flows. Turning to slide 6, you'll see an update on our new business awards. Our healthcare and 5G wireless wins are both up $50 million since September, a 15% increase. Our wins in the cloud space are now up 30% to 40% since the beginning of the fiscal year and our automotive business wins remain on plan. For me, this is good news all the way around. I'd now like to turn your attention to slide 7 where I'll take you through a subset of our targeted new business awards starting with the progress we've made with Johnson & Johnson. But before I speak to the slide, I'm just so pleased to welcome our new team members in Torres and Albuquerque. The first two factory sites transitioned to Jabil as part of this strategic collaboration and I'm happy to report that our Wave 1 integration was completed during the second quarter and completed on time. Thanks to everyone involved for making this a reality. The teamwork between Jabil and Johnson & Johnson has been sensational. Our healthcare team will continue to support and protect the J&J brand and everything they do. Financially, we remain confident that annual revenues associated with this business will be in a range of $800 million to $1 billion in fiscal year 2020. Now please turn to slide 8, where I'd like to talk about why Jabil is actively participating in the cloud space. To start with Jabil's value proposition is centered around an efficient model, a model which helps eliminate what I'd refer to as historical supply chain disaggregation. In addition, this model greatly reduces overall invested capital throughout the entire network. Second, Jabil has put together an experienced engineering team, specific to cloud, a technical team that engages early and often in the design for digital product integration and product enhancements allowing for supply chain simplification and flexibility. In terms of revenue for this space, Jabil's revenue will be in excess of $1 billion this year. And with our asset-light service model, I strongly believe this business will provide healthy free cash flows going forward. As we transition to my final slide, slide 9. I think about where we're headed and the tremendous progress, we've made in the past few years. Our business is solid and in good shape, strategically, operationally and commercially. In terms of fiscal 2019, it's worth noting that our semi-cap equipment business was weak during the first half of the year, but we operated it to plan as we anticipated this weakness at the start of the year. We also believe that demand in semi-cap would begin to normalize in the June, July timeframe this year, but that's not going to happen. We're now planning for a more normalized recovery in early 2020. With that said, mid to longer term, we remain quite bullish on this sector, largely based on our sound positioning in serving this market. As for our mobility sector, demand remains weak for the balance of the fiscal year. So all this begs the question, what actions are we taking and why do we have confidence to not only deliver core earnings somewhere in the neighborhood of $3 a share, but also upping our target for free cash flow from $350 million to $400 million for the year, a 15% increase, or said differently a 60% improvement from fiscal 2018. So, action number one, we believe we'll see further margin expansion from our base business. Two, execution and incremental efficiencies associated with our new business wins, especially in the areas of health care and cloud. And three, we'll continue to de-lever our balance sheet, specifically around the inventory buildup, which was driven by the initial bow wave of growth. In closing, I like the decisions we're making and the approach our team is taking. As I look beyond fiscal 2019, the focus of our leadership team will be squarely on generating free cash flow and expanding margins. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Dastoor: Thank you, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm extremely pleased with our second quarter performance. During the quarter both segments executed exceptionally well and delivered strong consolidated results providing yet another proof point that our diversification strategy is working. Net revenue for the second quarter was $6.1 billion, an increase of 14% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $154 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.43. Core operating income during the quarter was $191 million, an increase of 7% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 3.1%. Net interest expense during the quarter was $55 million, $5 million above previous expectations on higher levels of intra-quarter borrowing, driven mainly by two factors; first, the timing and scale of our ongoing new business ramps; and second, during the quarter we continued to opportunistically repurchase our shares. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 27%. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.64. As Mark highlighted, we integrated two facilities associated with our strategic collaboration with Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies. As a reminder, the majority of cash outlay and expense related to this collaboration is in the form of working capital and integration related expenses. In Q2, we incurred $13 million of acquisition and integration related expenses. Now, turning to our second quarter segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $2.3 billion, down 7% year-over-year. This was mainly due to weaker than expected mobility demand. Despite lower levels of revenue, core margins were 4.5%, an increase of 110 basis points over the prior year. The strength in core margin was mainly due to improved profitability in the balance of our DMS businesses. This impressive performance in the face of lower mobility demand highlights the progress we've made in our diversification efforts. For the quarter, DMS represented 37% of total company revenue. Revenue for our EMS segment increased by 33% year-over-year to $3.8 billion. As Mark indicated our teams did an excellent job ramping new wins, which contributed to our robust year-over-year growth. From an end-market perspective, retail, industrial, 5G and cloud all performed well in the quarter, offset by continued weakness in semi-cap as expected. Core margins for the segment declined 100 basis points year-over-year to 2.3% due to continued softness in the semi-cap space and costs associated with our ramping new business awards. EMS represented 63% of total company revenue in the quarter. Next, I'd like to outline our updated expectations for revenue in fiscal year 2019 by end market. Within DMS today's outlook suggests lower revenues driven by continued weakness in mobility, partially offset by improved strength in healthcare. As a reminder, mobility cuts across mechanics and edge devices and accessories. Given this new outlook, we now expect margins for DMS to be 3.7% on the year, a 20 basis point improvement from a quarter ago on slightly lower revenue of $10 billion. Turning to EMS. We now expect stronger revenue in 5G wireless and cloud, offset slightly by the protracted recovery in the semi-cap space, which is reflected in lower enterprise sales. While we still expect our semi-cap business to be profitable for the year, the continued weakness has lowered our EMS margin expectations by 20 basis points to 3.3% for the fiscal year on slightly higher revenues of $15 billion. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. During the quarter, our days in inventory increased sequentially by five days. This increase is mainly due to following factors. First, as mentioned earlier, we integrated the first two Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices facilities at the end of February. As a result of this, we recorded inventory with limited revenue. Second, we had higher levels of inventory at the end of the quarter to support the anticipated ramps in the second half of the year. These factors coupled with the ongoing tightness in the components market negatively impacted inventory days. As we move through the balance of the year, we expect our inventory levels to moderate from Q2 levels. Cash flows provided by operations were $199 million in Q2 and net capital expenditures totaled $171 million. As a result, free cash flow for the quarter was $28 million. Core return on invested capital for Q2 was 16.5%. We exited the quarter with total debt to core EBITDA levels of approximately 2.3 times and cash balances of $749 million. Turning now to our capital return framework. Since the inception of our capital return framework in June of 2016, we have repurchased 47 million shares bringing our total returns to shareholders including repurchases and dividends to approximately $1.4 billion. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 6 million shares at an average price per share of $24.35. These repurchases fully utilize our $350 million repurchase authorization. Moving forward, we remain committed to a balanced capital return framework inclusive of shareholder return and investments. Turning now to our third quarter guidance. DMS segment revenue is expected to decrease 12% on a year-over-year basis to $2 billion while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 27% on a year-over-year basis to $4 billion. We expect total company revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $5.7 billion to $6.3 billion for an increase of 10% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $150 million to $200 million with core operating margin in the range of 2.6% to 3.2%. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.47 to $0.67. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.46. The tax rate on core earnings in the third quarter is estimated to be in the range of 27% to 28%. As we enter the second half of FY 2019, I'm confident in our ability to efficiently manage working capital and generate strong cash flows. The asset-light nature of our cloud business coupled with the anticipated improvements in inventory days and disciplined capital expenditures gives me confidence in our ability to deliver higher adjusted free cash flows approaching $400 million along with $3 in core EPS on $25 million in revenue for the year. Over the longer term, we remain committed to delivering shareholder value through strong margins, free cash flow, and earnings growth as our diversification strategy further unfolds. I'll now turn the call back over to Adam to begin Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Fox with Cross Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions, please. First, looking at your comments on retail mobility. I mean those two markets are basically consumer-facing at the end of the day. You have different outlooks. One is getting better and one is -- seems to be getting worse. So I was wondering, if you can maybe give us a little bit of color in terms of what is macro versus what is maybe Jabil-controlled versus supply chain issues, et cetera. And then, as a follow-up, in terms of the upgraded outlook for cash flows, I guess, my conclusion would be, it's mainly driven by inventories, Mike. But maybe you can provide some color in terms of how much is maybe J&J, versus other things you're doing, that'd be helpful. Thanks. 
Mike Dastoor: Hey, Steve. So I'll answer your second question first. Cash flows we feel good about, for a couple of reasons. The first one actually is the asset-light nature of our cloud business. As Mark pointed out, our cloud business has gone up again. It's looking really good. It is extremely light on working capital. It's extremely light on capital expenditure. And it's got some real good free cash flows attached to it. And the second piece is what you mentioned, improvements in inventory days.
Q – Steve Fox: Okay. And then, I'm sorry, just before, Mark, you chime in, on the asset-light nature of the cloud business, so that basically reflects that the growth prospects are better than you previously thought and so the cash flow coming off of that is better also?
Mike Dastoor: Yeah. That's correct. 
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I think that's true, Steve. Hey, this is Mark. So I don't – I guess, I don't drive the same connection you do, Steve, on connecting retail to mobility. I think mobility tends to be much more narrow-focused than retail. I look at retail as much more broad and much more retail infrastructure than I would on mobility side. I don't -- I can see how you can call them both consumer, but for us they're very different businesses.
Q – Steve Fox: Okay. So is there any color specifically around retail then in terms of what's driving the growth besides what you just said?
A – Mark Mondello: Not yet.
Q – Steve Fox: Okay.
A – Mark Mondello: I'd just say it's broad-based retail infrastructure type of business. 
Q – Steve Fox: Okay. Thank you.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Q – Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I was wondering if you can give us your thoughts on DMS margins for the May quarter. Typically, you have a ramp in the mobility business but your – the Nypro business is doing well. So any guidance, any color there would be helpful.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah, Ruplu. So I'd suggest that Q3, the May quarter, is still going to be an area of some investment. But I think with what we're seeing in health care and packaging as well as kind of non-mobility in that area. I'd expect margins to be better this year year-on-year. Last year for DMS, I think the third quarter was around a percentage point or so maybe a little bit better. This year, I would think it would be somewhere maybe 2x that. And then, if I look at DMS, in terms of back half of the year collectively, I think that margins overall and maybe a better way to look at it would be absolute profit dollars for DMS, second half of 2018 to second half of 2019 would be up 6%, 7% over last year.
Q – Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. That's actually very helpful. Thank you. My second question is just on free cash flow. Can you give us going forward, what would be your estimate of CapEx in fiscal or 2020, 2021 any guidance there? And should we expect – is it reasonable to expect increasing cash flow in subsequent years? Or do you anticipate any significant investment having to be made in the subsequent years?
A – Mark Mondello: I'm not going to get into CapEx for the next couple of years because that's a body of work that's in process. I think in the September call, I said something about free cash flow for fiscal 2021 to be around $600 million. This year, we think it's going to be in the neighborhood of $400 million. And I think in FY 2020 it's going to be somewhere in between.
Q – Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Great. I mean, that's helpful. Thank you so much. And my last question is on Nypro seasonality does that change with the J&J acquisition? 
A – Mark Mondello: Maybe slightly, but I would kind of model that much the same.
Q – Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thank you so much. Really appreciate all the color. Thank you.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Q – Adam Tindle: Thanks. Good afternoon. I just wanted to start with DMS and the decline in revenue maybe start by acknowledging quite an impressive job on maintaining margins during this. But how long do we see the revenue decline persisting? I mean, the miss in the quarter was over $1 billion in terms of run rate versus your expectations and the year-over-year percentage declines are greater in Q3. But I think if I heard the comments on FY 2019, it seems like a pretty big snapback in Q4 for DMS. I know, you've got J&J ramping, but just hoping that you can maybe work through some of the revenue declines and the cadence of that. And then, maybe also speak to how you kept margins intact during this time. Would have thought you'd be battling some pretty big underutilization?
A – Mark Mondello: Thanks for the question, Adam. There was a lot of pieces to that. Let me try to shake that up and maybe this is a simplistic way to look at it. I think, if you take a look at our guide for the third quarter and you kind of look at the whole year, I think DMS year-on-year is going to be relatively flat 2018 to 2019. And I think, you've got one big put and take there, which is mobility is weak and everything else is at or above plan. So I feel really good about the composition of our DMS business, especially as we exit overall 2019. In terms of – we saw some decline in DMS in the second quarter. How did we end up delivering margins 110 basis points greater than last year? It's really again the composition and the diversification of DMS. As I look at that business today, tomorrow, next quarter, the end of the year and going into 2020, it's just a much different business with really good diversification.
Q – Adam Tindle: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe one then shifting gears on EMS. I know you've had costs that you've been incurring in the first half of the year. But adding those back I think margins there would still be down pretty noticeably, revenues growing quite healthily. You said cloud's ramping fast and I think that's supposed to be higher margin than the core. Maybe just walk through the moving parts in terms of what we're missing when we're observing the first half EMS operating margin to where you think it's going to go?
A – Mark Mondello: Are you saying EMS? You are right? 
Q – Adam Tindle: Yes EMS.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah, I was a little bit confused because I think you lost me a little bit. We've been really consistent with EMS in the September call, then the December call. I think we've been talking about EMS op margins for the first half of the year to be around 2.4%, 2.5%. That still holds. And we talked about that in the last couple of calls. It's largely just around the costs related to ramping $2 billion book of business and positioning it well for fiscal year 2020. So none of that's changed. The only thing that's changed in our EMS business since September largely is our cloud business is growing a bit faster than we expected with really nice free cash flows attached to it. And then our enterprise business, if you're to look at the for lack of better word the green and the blue slide, the beginning of the year I don't remember exactly where we're at, but let's just say enterprise was somewhere around $5.5 billion. We see that business today being about $4.8 billion, $4.9 billion. That's largely due to semi-cap equipment. I covered that in my prepared remarks. And we thought that business would snap back a bit in early 2020 with recovery starting in kind of the June, July timeframe this year. And now we won't see the recovery beginning until 2020. So again that impacts a bit overall, but we're still looking at first half margins being right on top of what we thought they would be. And then as you look at the math of our guide for Q3, EMS margins should be back up over 3%. And as you look at the fourth quarter this year even with sustained weakness in semi-cap, those margins will be back up over 4%. So I feel really, really good about that business overall.
Q – Adam Tindle: Got it. Thank you.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Q – Jim Suva: Thanks very much for the details so far. A lot of focus has been on the DMS, but I had a question more on the other segment, the EMS side. The upside there was quite material and impressive especially relative to your guidance in the EMS side again. Is that where the Johnson & Johnson facilities come into play? Or can you help us understand about -- the upside was just so big. Do they come in earlier than expected, ramp better than expected, or was it more of these consumer and cloud businesses that did better than expected, or help us maybe level set about here's the biggest, second biggest and third biggest? Thank you.
A – Mark Mondello: Okay. So a couple of things. The EMS upside for the quarter, and I assume you're talking about Q2 was in the range of about $275 million Jim. The composition of that was -- had nothing to do with Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson is in our healthcare business which is a subset of our DMS business. The upside on the EMS side was a really good blend of really nice business for us. It was a blend of a cloud business that we like a lot. There was a component of retail in there which I talked about earlier. I think Steve was asking a question around that. And then our industrial sector. So, for the quarter those are the three areas that drove the upside.
Jim Suva: Got you. And then a quick follow-up. On the Johnson & Johnson side, are those transitioning kind of according to the tempo that you wanted? Are they taking a little bit longer? Are they accelerating a little bit faster? Just trying to get the cadence because it sounds like you've got two of them under your roof now. And if I remember correctly your ballpark 12, 14, or maybe you can just help me update if there's more than just two sites?
Mark Mondello: You're correct. There's more than two sites. And the first wave is -- was two sites completed on plan. And then there'll be further sites transitioning over and so far so good in terms of us operating to our expectation around that deal. We're -- we continue to be very excited about it and it is complicated, but the teams are executing perfectly.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details and additional clarification. That's greatly appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. A few questions regarding the cloud business which has been ramping nicely and looks like a really good runway opportunity. Could you just talk about number one, how diversified is your customer base there? Because obviously we've seen other competitors with heavy exposure one or two customers which has led to some lumpiness in the business and some margin pressure. So, could you talk about that? And then as you continue to win opportunities how positioned are you from an infrastructure and scale -- scale position in order to take on new business without incrementally adding CapEx?
Mark Mondello: Yes. So, again, I'll say it again, we're pretty excited about the business. I'm not going to get into customer composition. We typically don't do that with any sectors. In terms of do we have the scale, capacity, and whatnot the model works again very, very well from a cash flow perspective because our model is again asset-light and extremely scalable on a variable cost basis. So, if we deviate from that model we'll let you know, but that's our intent as we continue to drive the business.
Matt Sheerin: And could you just elaborate on that asset-light model? Does that mean I know that inventory turns very quickly because a lot of it is sort of assembly and integration. But is there confined inventory that customer zone whether it be memory or other things that are volatile were you not involved? 
Mark Mondello: I'm not going to get into that.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Okay fair enough. And then on the 5G ramp that you've seen there, do you see that like competitors that you're sort of in the early stages and you could see accelerated growth over the next few quarters as we get into more global ramps?
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. I think we -- I could be mistaken, but I think we showed on our new business wins I think we took 5G wireless up about $50 million, which, again, is a good illustration of where we're positioned and headed in terms of 5G infrastructure. I think, we're in really, really nice position there. And we think that's a business that's going to be around for quite some time.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks very much.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Ryan Krieger with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Q – Ryan Krieger: Thank you. This is Ryan for Steve Milunovich. Appreciate, you taking my question. And so, I just wanted to go back quickly to the strength in the EMS, just for some clarification. How much of that was due to better demand versus revenue ramping quicker than expected? And then, I have a follow-up also.
A – Mark Mondello: I would say 70% of it was revenue coming in a little bit faster on the new wins and 30% was kind of what I would call standard business-as-usual.
Q – Ryan Krieger: Okay, great. So you briefly discussed diversification, which has obviously been a key narrative. Can you talk a little bit about where you are in your diversification roadmap? Do you feel you still have a ways to go? And then also, is there a point where too much diversification could actually start to put pressure on the business?
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. I love where we're at, especially, compared to just three or four years ago. I – why I think it's so important is, I think, the word diversification can be very broad. There's a lot of times that companies might talk about diversification in different markets and it's viewed as a negative, especially, from large institutional investors where they look at it and say, look, just stick to your knitting and let me decide where I want to invest. We use the term a bit differently. Everything we do is around manufacturing, manufacturing services, engineering technology and supply chain management. So all of our businesses are tied together beautifully and there's great synergies with the portfolio that we have. We really look at diversification more across everything that fits into that bucket, technology, engineering, supply chain management, et cetera. The better diverse we are in terms of product, product family and end markets, it just drives much better reliability on the company in terms of cash flow and earnings. So it's a journey. I don't know where we sit. I think, I've said it multiple times. Ideally, I'd like this to be a $30 billion, $32 billion, $34 billion, $36 billion company, where no product or product family is more than 5% of our cash flows or earnings and that's what we're striving to do.
Q – Ryan Krieger: Great. Appreciate it.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Q – Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my question. So, first, can you just expand on the state of component constraints? Looks like, they're kind of normalizing somewhat. Do you expect to see inventory turns accelerate in the second half and maybe some working cap benefit this year from inventories?
A – Mark Mondello: Maybe, I'll take that in reverse order. So, I think, we'll see our balance sheet normalize in terms of days of inventory over the next six, nine months. And in terms of the component market itself, we've seen pockets of that ease. I think we'll see the components market start to normalize in the back half of calendar 2019 and early 2020.
Q – Paul Chung: Okay, thanks. And then any update on tariff noise? Are your customers taking actions to move operations? Or is everyone still really in wait-and-see mode? And if something does come soon, can you move quickly to accommodate moves? 
A – Mark Mondello: I would say that the activity in the last year has been up and down, ebbed and flowed. I think we've been very helpful to a significant amount of our customers in terms of game plans. And some have been proactive and some are taking a wait and see. If people want to act on it I think I said this in the December call, we are very well-positioned to accommodate them. So, I think it's kind of a wait and see for a lot of us in the next six to eight weeks. It seems like decisions keep moving to the right. But again overall with our global footprint the way our IT systems are et cetera, we're really well-positioned to assist customers if need be. 
Q – Paul Chung: Okay. And then my last question. So at CES you were showcasing your supply chain, analytics lots of value-added features. So have you started taking steps to monetize this service? And can we expect to see some margin contribution from the service maybe over the next six to 12 months? Thank you.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. Paul, I don't want to get into too much on that. I think -- I don't know that we want to take a -- what we think is a really, really nice tool that helps our customers and certainly helps us run our business really efficiently across 25, 26 and what's going to be higher revenues and monetize it. I think first and foremost, we want to be sure we have a very real tool that allows us to run our business as efficiently as possible. And I think that's where our focus is going to be and we really, really like the tool we have. We like the additions that we're making to it. But I think most importantly taking good care of our customers, increasing our own margins and running a really efficient business is kind of job one. If we ever think about monetizing it, we'll certainly talk about it.
Q – Paul Chung: Thank you very much.
A – Mark Mondello: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. It appears we have no further questions at this time, so I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Berry for any additional or concluding comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining us today. This now concludes our event. Thank you for your interest in Jabil.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. Again we thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-12-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Berry - Vice President, Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Michael Dastoor - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jim Suva - Citigroup Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Fox - Cross Research Adam Tindle - Raymond James Paul Coster - JP Morgan Matt Sheerin - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Jabil First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d like to turn the conference over to your host Adam Berry. Thank you. You may begin.
Adam Berry: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Jabil’s first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Please note that today’s call is being webcast live. And during our prepared remarks, we will be referencing slides. To follow along with the discussion and view the slides, you will need to be logged into our webcast on jabil.com. At the end of today’s call, both the presentation and a replay of the call will be available on Jabil’s Investor Relations website. Before we begin, I would like to remind all listeners that during today’s conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected second quarter and fiscal year 2019 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecast and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And lastly, as one final reminder, to follow along with the discussion and view the slides during our presentation, you will need to be logged into our webcast on jabil.com. With that, it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to CEO, Mark Mondello.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I’ll begin by offering our people all around the world a warm thanks for your hard work and never-ending dedication and commitment. I’m proud of the fact that you make safety your top priority each and every day, both within the four walls of our factories and across the entire Jabil enterprise. Thank you. And I wish each and everyone of you a safe and peaceful holiday season. Now let’s take a look at our first quarter results. We had another excellent quarter as the team delivered core operating income of $254 million, on record revenues of $6.5 billion and core earnings per share of $0.90. This resulted in a core operating margin of 3.9% as expected. It’s all wonderful news, especially when paired with our outlook for the balance of the year. During the quarter, we experienced stronger than expected revenue in our DMS segment, all of this in the face of softer demand in our mobility business. Our EMS segment also experienced strong revenues, driven largely by new business awards coming in harder and faster than we anticipated during the quarter. Our value proposition resonates with customers, as we continue to capture share across desired end markets. Lastly, we returned more than $200 million to shareholders during the quarter, while also accelerating investments in the areas of healthcare, automotive, 3D additive, cloud and 5G wireless. Overall, I’m pleased with our results and the strong start to the year. This quarter is yet another demonstration of how far we’ve come in reinforcing our financial stability through diversification. As is customary, Mike will provide more detail around the quarter and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks. I’d now like to talk about our priorities for the balance of the year. I’ve broken these down into three distinct areas, areas that collectively represent the foundation for our strategy and Jabil’s continued success. The first area is end market and product diversification, the second is the ramp of our new business awards and the third is our financial performance, which includes free cash flow, margins and earnings for the year. Next and specific to our end market diversification, I’ve outlined the construct of our revenues for fiscal 2019. Today’s outlook suggest better than expected revenue in healthcare and packaging, automotive, 5G wireless and cloud, all of which are clear target markets for Jabil. I believe the success we’re having will result in ever improving stability of future cash flows and earnings. As we move to Slide 7, you’ll see a collation of our business sectors, reflecting our enterprise portfolio based on the current outlook for the year. Each year gone by, the blend of our revenues become better balanced and less dependent on any single product or product family. This slide paints a terrific picture and underscores the effectiveness of the efforts being put forth by our team. Next, I’d like to provide you an update on how our new business awards are stacking up for the year. Starting with the fact that our team remains highly confident in our ability to execute on all of these wonderful opportunities. In addition and as I communicated during our September call, I believe these business awards once ramped, will offer a rich blend of free cash flow and margins. I’d now like to take a minute and update you on our collaboration with Johnson & Johnson, as well as help you better understand the thesis behind our approach and solution set for the cloud computing space. So with that, I ask that you please refer to Slide 9. As I shared 90 days ago, we entered into a long-term extension of our partnership with Johnson & Johnson. Sitting here today, I’m happy to report that we’re on schedule and to plan. Thanks to all involved. Jabil will support and protect the J&J brand in the areas of endosurgical, spine, trauma and instrumentation. This exciting new business award elevates our technical capabilities, further diversifies our healthcare business and expands our team with tremendous talent. Speaking of talent, I want to take a moment and welcome all of the wonderful people that will be joining Jabil as part of this fantastic collaboration. Their competency and expertise are fundamental to our future success in healthcare. Financially, we remain confident that annual revenues will approach the $1 billion range with accretion to both margins and cash flows in fiscal year ‘20. As for our rationale in pursuing new business in the cloud space, we’ve observed that the datacenter footprint is becoming more complex. This requiring enhanced supply chain sophistication and trusted partners that can scale in all geographies, while accommodating the need for speed around hardware configuration and product to market. Add to this, the manufacturing complexity as the technical challenges and technical possibilities are being stretched further and further. This evolution is good for Jabil. In terms of forward-looking financials in the cloud space, we believe our revenue run rate will be in the range of $250 million a quarter, as we exit fiscal year 2019. And with our asset-light business model, we believe free cash flow will be solid, along with margins that are well within line of our EMS segment. In closing, I’m satisfied and spirited when I consider our total body of work. Revenues for the year are up roughly $500 million and core operating income has increased to $865 million. Both our strong endorsements for our approach with customers, and all of this while we remain committed to delivering free cash flow in the range of $350 million for the year and maintaining a healthy core operating margin of 3.5%. Again, confirmation of our team’s ability to execute on our core business, while at the same time ramping and integrating our new business awards. At Jabil, we have the infrastructure, scale and talent to one day become the most technologically advanced manufacturing solutions company in the world and one that’s sustainable for years to come. With that, I’d like to wrap up my prepared remarks by wishing everyone on the call a safe and peaceful holiday. I’ll now turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Dastoor: Thank you, Mark, and good afternoon, everyone. Q1 was an excellent quarter in many ways. We saw good diversification and strong performances by both segments. Net revenue for the first quarter was $6.5 billion, an increase of 16% year-over-year, led by strength in both segments. GAAP operating income was $217 million and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.76. Core operating income during the quarter was $254 million, an increase of 12% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 3.9%. Net interest expense during the quarter was $53 million, ahead of expectations, driven mainly by higher levels of intra-quarter borrowing to fund opportunistic share repurchases. As a result, we repurchased nearly 8 million shares during the quarter. As we move towards the end of the year, we expect our interest expense to moderate, as the U.S. Tax Act, which we highlighted in September, will allow us to more effectively return cash to the United States. Our core tax rate for the quarter was 27%. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.90, a 13% improvement over the prior year quarter. There were two items, which impacted our GAAP results during the quarter. First, we recorded an income tax benefit of $13 million associated with the U.S. Tax Act, mainly related to the one-time transition tax to adjust amounts recorded in FY 2018. Second, as expected, we recorded approximately $9 million of acquisition and integration-related expenses associated with our strategic collaboration with Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices companies. Now turning to our first quarter segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $3 billion, an increase of 10% on a year-over-year basis. Core margins for the segment improved 40 basis points year-over-year to 5.6%. Despite a weaker than expected mobility market, our DMS segment performed very well, driven by strength in several key end markets, including healthcare, edge devices and accessories and lifestyle. DMS represented 46% of total company revenue in the quarter. Revenue for our EMS segment increased by 22% year-over-year to $3.5 billion. As Mark indicated during the quarter, our teams did a good job ramping new wins, which contributed to a strong year-over-year sales growth. From an end market perspective, print and retail, Industrial & Energy and 5G and cloud, all performed well in the quarter, offset by weakness in capital equipment. Core margins for the segment declined 60 basis points year-over-year to 2.4%, driven mainly by two factors. First, softness in the capital equipment space; and second, the costs associated with ramping new business awards. DMS represented 54% of total company revenue in the quarter. Turning now to the balance sheet. As a reminder in Q1, we adopted the new accounting standard ASU 2016-15. The new standard impacts the classification of certain cash receipts associated with the deferred purchase price note receivables on our asset-backed securitization programs. As I highlighted on our previous call, the effects of this change have been applied retrospectively and are not the result of any fundamental change in our underlying business. Adjusting for the new standard, adjusted cash flows provided by operations was $5 million in Q1, compared to a usage of $54 million in the prior year quarter. As we implemented the new standard during the quarter, we amended our existing securitization programs to better optimize their efficiency. As a result, you will note higher accounts receivables. Our working capital fundamentals, however, remained unchanged. When adjusting the prior quarter for this optimization of our programs, we estimate sales days increased approximately one day sequentially on a like-for-like basis. Net capital expenditure for the first quarter was $221 million, and for the full fiscal year are still expected to be $800 million. Core return on invested capital for Q1 was 23.1%, an increase of 210 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We exited the quarter with total debt-to-EBITDA levels of approximately two times and cash balances of $804 million. Turning now to our capital return framework. As previously mentioned, during Q1, we repurchased approximately 8 million shares for $205 million. For the year, we intend to fully utilize the current repurchase authorization of $350 million, as we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. Since the inception of our capital return framework in June of 2016, we have repurchased 41 million shares, bringing our total returns to shareholders, including repurchases and dividends to approximately $1.2 billion. Turning now to our second quarter guidance. DMS segment revenue is expected to increase 6% on a year-over-year basis to $2.6 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase 23% on a year-over-year basis to $3.5 billion. We expect total company revenue in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $5.8 billion to $6.4 billion for an increase of 15% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $205 million, with core operating margin in the range of 2.8% to 3.2%. Core diluted earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.71. GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.20 to $0.48. The tax rate on core earnings in the second quarter is estimated to be 27%. In closing, I’m quite pleased with the momentum underway within our business in terms of both diversification and new business awards. We remain focused on delivering $3 in core EPS on $25 billion in revenue, with adjusted free cash flows in the range of $350 million for the year. Over the longer-term, we remain focused on delivering shareholder value through strong margins, free cash flow and earnings growth. I’ll now turn the call over to Adam to begin Q&A.
Adam Berry: Thanks, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I’d like to remind our call participants that for our customer agreements, we will not address any customer or product-specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Great. Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jim Suva from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Very solid results. When we think about your operating margin flow through, you upsided materially on sales, but the flow through to earnings may be wasn’t as strong as typical flow through. Can you help us maybe bridge the difference there? Is it ramping costs? Is it new business wins? If you could help us bridge that, that would be great?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Jim. I’ll start and maybe Michael pop in. So I’m not sure I understand completely your question. If you’re talking about Q1 in general…
Jim Suva: Yes, the sales was up a lot, lot, lot, much better than your range and everything like that, but the earnings wasn’t as materially [Multiple Speakers]
Mark Mondello: Oh, okay, I understand. Okay, I got you. So on the margins themselves, I’m really, really happy with the margins we printed actually in both segments, and let me explain, because they’re a bit different optically. So our DMS segment printed, we went into the quarter thinking DMS would print maybe 5.3%, 5.4%, it ended up printing 5.6%. And again, that was with some headwinds in mobility. So again, I just think a great illustration of what we’re up to in terms of diversification. On the EMS side, that came in probably 10, 20 basis points lower than we thought. But again, we had anticipated on the EMS side the cost associated with the new wins. If you remember back in September, we talked about new wins being about $2 billion for the year. Those new wins actually, as we sit today, are probably closer to $2.1 billion, $2.15 billion, of which about $1.05 billion or $1.06 billion of that are in the EMS segment. So again, when I look at our core business, great job by the team, really good results, no surprises at all on the margin line. In terms of going back to your question around revenue being a bit frothy, we had thought that revenue would come in around $6.1 billion, $6.2 billion, it came in around $6.5 billion. We actually ended up – call revenue overshoot $350 million, $400 million. We did get decent leverage on that. We got leverage at about 3.5%. We had thought the midpoint for the quarter would be around $240 million in op income and it was closer to $254 million. So I don’t know what the math on that is again, two fourth – about 3.5% leverage on the $400 million. When we consider the core business and then the cost associated with the integration and the ramps, I think it was a great quarter.
Jim Suva: That provides a lot of color and clarity. Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Wondering if you can give us any guidance on how we should think about seasonality going from your fiscal 2Q to 3Q. Typically, 3Q is an investment quarter for your Mobility segment. But given all the ramps that are happening and the new wins that you’re getting in, is it possible that this year earnings in the third quarter can be higher than the second quarter?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Ruplu, it’s Mark. Boy, there’s a lot of moving parts. It’s really hard to shape that out. If I had to take a stab at it, I think about it this way. So we gave you guys good guide, good midpoint for Q2, so that’s pretty self-explanatory on what we think is going to happen. In terms of the back-half of the year, I would think about the overall corporate margins in the back-half of the year. And for that matter in Q4, I would think both corporate margins and core EPS in Q4 to be very similar to Q1. So we just printed Q1. We kind of gave you a good guide for Q2. I think 4Q will look a lot like Q1 in 2019, both in corporate margins and core EPS. So you can kind of back into Q3. Q3 will again be an investment quarter for us. I do think if – and I don’t remember the exact numbers, but 3Q of 2018, I think, we printed $0.46 something like that. I do think that the third quarter this year will be up from the third quarter of 2018 again, with the overall strength in EMS. So I hope that helps.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Yes, that’s actually very helpful. Thanks for all the details on that. Just from my follow-up, you had expected like an operating margin of about 1% on the new wins. The new wins that you’re getting in, I mean, you’re getting some more wins in cloud and healthcare. Is the margin expectation still 1% for the new wins this year?
Michael Dastoor: Hey, Ruplu, it’s Mike. Yes, the margin expectation is still 1%, but that’s over the whole year. Don’t forget, in our September call, I’d mentioned that we had pre-ramp sort of costs that come ahead of revenues. I expect some of that came through in Q1, expect some of that to come through in Q2. All those pre ramp revenue cost disappear in Q3, Q4 and that converts to a positive number then. But yes, the pre-ramp costs are going to hit us right now.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you so much and congrats on the quarter.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Ruplu.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fox from Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions, please. First off, Mark, you mentioned how you’ve accelerated investments in healthcare, auto, 3D printing, cloud and 5G. And then you also mentioned that many of those markets had better sales in the quarter. So I’m just trying to get a sense for where some of this was better demand versus just revenues from ramping quicker by those markets? And then I had a follow-up?
Mark Mondello: Yes. Boy, I’d look at – for the quarter, I’d look at the $400 million, I’d say, roughly $200 million to $250 of that is off of our base business and maybe $150 million to $200 million is off of the new wins. And if you kind of shake that all up in puts and takes, I think, that’s why the margin profile looked the way it did both for DMS and EMS. One thing, Steve, I’d like to kind of comment on something that Mike was responding to with Ruplu’s question. The optics this year, for the whole year, the shape will be somewhat similar to last year. But I think the first-half to second-half, especially even around EMS will be more distinct first-half, second-half with second-half being stronger with these – the new businesses that we’re bringing into the company. If you think about the first-half of the year being a investment year for those new wins and then the income coming through in the back-half, you’re actually getting kind of a negative return in the first-half turning to a positive. So the delta first-half to second-half is again, optically a bit greater. So on the EMS side of our business, we’re probably going to do somewhere around 2.5% for the first year, excuse me, first-half of the year with a very strong second-half.
Steven Fox: That’s all helpful. And then just as a follow-up on the cloud segment, in particular, I know there’s a lot of different types of productization and services you’re providing in there. Can you just give us some quick highlights to the extent you can on – in terms of what’s driving your success in terms of Jabil’s own capabilities? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: The best part about it is, it’s right in the middle of our core. So it’s not a stretch, it’s not like we’re trying to step two or three degrees away from our core and do something that, that we’re not not well-versed to do. I kind of said alluded to some of this in my prepared remarks. I think with how the datacenter geometry, both in North America and globally is playing out with the sophistication in terms of the hardware design and then with the flexibility, agility and the complexity of the hardware manufacturing, it just – it’s – it fits squarely into what we know how to do really well. So again, we’re trying to be very communicative as we step through it. Again, pretty excited, because it’s right in the center of what we know how to do very well.
Steven Fox: Great. I appreciate the detail. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks and good evening. Just wanted to start on competitive environment. There’s obviously been a lot of changes since you last spoke after the August quarter. Your primary competitor is struggling, pruning at the portfolio. Is that creating any opportunity for you? Growth has been very strong during this time, and just any kind of broader competitive environment comments? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Mark Mondello: Yes, Adam, I don’t want to comment on Flex. I’ve got respect for Mike and the team and I see everything going on there and I wish them all the best. You’re seeing our growth rates. And I said in the September call, I think, we’re not driving growth for the sake of growth. I may even have said something around the fact that, I don’t sit in any sales meeting. So it’s really about our five divisions going out with solutions and approaches, along with our organizational structure and again, it’s resonating a bit. So again, I hope Flex does well. But right now, we’re kind of focused inwardly and want to digest the growth that we have and drive our financials.
Adam Tindle: Got it. And then maybe just kind of building off some of the previous question, I think, what a lot of us are trying to get at is the contribution-margin question. Revenue growth has been very strong. One of the aspects to moving the company towards the 4% margin that you’ve talked about was that this incremental revenue is going to be coming in at higher margins. Understand that there has been ramps, but I’m adding back the ramp costs and your first-half of fiscal 2019 revenue is coming in with the contribution margin in the low-3% range based on guidance and you’re growing mid-teens, so I’d have to think utilization is strong, you’re going higher margin areas like healthcare, packaging, auto, like you mentioned. So maybe just help me understand why the incremental profit dollars doesn’t seem to be coming into the higher margin and why that changes get you to the 4%-plus margin going forward? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I’ve got Mike looking at me, so I think he might have a comment on this, but let me take a shot. So let me confirm that what we said in September is, when we digest and get through the ramp on this new business, we feel like collectively as a $2 billion-plus portfolio, this new business will have margins in the 4% range that still holds today. In terms of the near-term, which is the here and the now, there’s a few things playing. Number one is, as Mike said in September and reconfirmed in his prepared remarks today, we’ve got some costs associated with it, of which a good amount of those costs will be digested in 1Q and 2Q of this year. Number two is, we’ve seen some softness in semi cap. Number 3 is, we’ve seen some softness in mobility. So I think all of that is playing into. Again, I would split the company a little bit, boy, am I really happy with our DMS business. Again,. a year ago, 1Q of 2018, I think our DMS business did 5.2%, or 40 basis points up year-on-year. We think 2Q will be up again relative to last year, again, speaking to DMS. And on the EMS, I addressed that. I think during Ruplu’s comments or Steve’s question, and again, that’s largely due to some softness in semi cap and the cost associated with some of the ramps. But we think EMS will normalize for the year and we’re still looking at EMS margins for the year to be in the 3.5% range.
Michael Dastoor: And if I could just add, we expect the softness in capital equipment to last for the first-half of our fiscal year. We do expect it to come back slowly in Q3 and Q4, and that’s when we see positive momentum, particularly as it relates to DRAM memory chips.
Adam Tindle: Okay, that’s helpful. Just to clarify, are the cost still $15 million to $20 million, that’s still – did I hear that correctly or have those higher on the $2 billion in wins?
Michael Dastoor: No, that’s correct.
Adam Tindle: Don’t forget the softness in capital equipment, that’s – that can amount to a bit.
Adam Tindle: Make sense. Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions. First off, can you share with us what percentage of the DMS business is now mobility, or how much is shifted into quarter?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Paul, you broke up a little bit. Can you say that again, please?
Paul Coster: What percentage of your DMS business is attributable to mobility? Well, how does it change year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter?
Mark Mondello: Yes, we don’t break that out.
Paul Coster: Yes. I think you talked about 15% year-on-year growth in the aggregate level for the next quarter. What percent – can you kind of break that down between base business and ramping business that you had – didn’t have this time last year?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I would say for 2Q, I think, you’re talking about the second quarter of 2019 being up about 15% year-on-year. I would say, the vast majority of the new business, still in the second quarter will be in EMS, and then we’ll start seeing the Johnson & Johnson revenue come through on the DMS side in the third and fourth quarters. In terms of the EMS business, I think year-on-year, again, it’s a really another very strong quarter. EMS will be up 2Q of 2019 to 2Q of 2018 over 20%. I would say, a rough guess 6%, I don’t know, 5% to 10% of the growth will be core and the balance will be new business. But again, in the second quarter, if you look at it at an enterprise level, I think, we guided the midpoint at 6.1%. The vast majority of the new business will be in EMS again, with the healthcare wins being more impactful in Q3 and Q4.
Paul Coster: Okay, one last question. The diversification is working really well. Is there a point though, which it kind of backfires a little bit, but you start losing some kind of scale events across like businesses, because everything is so unlike?
Mark Mondello: I don’t think so at all, in fact, just to the contrary. When we talk about diversification, Paul, we’re very, very select and very, very careful to be sure everything ties back to manufacturing, engineering, technology, supply chain. So, someone can look at our business from the outside and go geez, Mark, you’ve got all these disparate businesses, no we don’t. The business ties together beautifully. And again, it all has a common denominator, manufacturing, engineering, supply chain, precision assembly, mechanics. And, in fact, the thing I love about it is, you take the precision mechanics we do in our Greenpoint business. You take the stuff that Mike and his team do in ESG or the enterprise business, or 5G, or the things we’re doing in healthcare. It’s also very well intertwined in terms of sharing a technology and capability. So I think there’s a long way to go before we – before it starts working against us in terms of diversification.
Paul Coster: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Sheerin from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Thank you. You talked about a growth in 5G wireless. Could you be more specific about areas or product areas are you in terms of base stations, geographic regions and that sort of thing?
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to get into the products, because the products – just out of respect to the customers that we serve, the products are in development right now, as you’d imagine with 5G. But I will tell you that most of our efforts around G5 are Europe and the U.S. And yes, I think…
Matt Sheerin: Okay.
Mark Mondello: …I think it’s a good estimate that we’re playing largely on the infrastructure side of that.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, that’s helpful. And then following up on Steve’s question on cloud, it seems like a really great opportunity. And as you said sort of right in your sweet spot, how concentrated is the customer base there, because there obviously very big hyperscale players, where there seems to be some share opportunities, but then there’s obviously emerging players in the OEMs themselves. So just talk about the customer base broadly speaking, if you can?
Mark Mondello: Well, we’re just getting started. So I would tell you that in the next two to three years, I think our revenues will be split, both between the smaller folks and the hyperscale folks. We’ll start to provide more transparency around that, as that gets ramped and it becomes more material to revenue and earnings.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. And just lastly, regarding tariffs, no questions there yet. Any news in terms of what you’re seeing? And are you seeing customers continue to look into moving manufacturing? And is that happening in any big way yet?
Mark Mondello: Well, we’re waiting as is everybody else and it’s a big deal. In terms of the macro, we’ll see what happens over the next 60, 90 days. As I said in September, if – I characterize it this way. If the tariff and trade issues get resolved, that’s great. If that trade and tariff issues creates some choppy seas and a storm here and there, that’s also really good for us, because again, when I look at our IT systems, when I look at the connectivity inside Jabil, when I look at how our divisions in our factories or network, there’s nobody that has our scale that can move product around with the agility and the flexibility that we can and, in fact, we do that all the time. So as stuff needs to move, we’re really, really good solution. And if the trade tariff issues become some nasty hurricane, I think, it’s going to be bad for all.
Matt Sheerin: Yes. Okay, thanks a lot and happy holidays.
Mark Mondello: You as well. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back to management for any closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you for joining our call. This now concludes our event. Thank you again for your interest in Jabil.
Operator: Once again, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-09-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Berry - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Michael Dastoor - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Tindle - Raymond James Financial Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Steven Fox - Cross Research Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alvin Park - Stifel Jim Suva - Citi Paul Chung - JPMorgan
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Jabil Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call and Investor Briefing. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Adam Berry, Vice-President Investor Relations for Jabil. Please go ahead sir.
Adam Berry: Good morning and welcome to Jabil’s fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 earnings call and investor briefing. Joining me on today’s call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Dastoor. Today’s agenda will begin with Mike, who will review our fourth quarter results and our first quarter guidance. Following these comments, we will transition into the investor briefing portion of the day where both Mark and Mike will review the strategic drivers of our business. We will then open it up for your question. The entirety of today’s call will be recorded and posted for audio playback on jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the earnings information that we will cover during this conference call. Please note that during the investor briefing portion of our webcast, we will be showing videos. To view our slides and these videos live during today’s session, you will need to be logged in to our webcast at jabil.com. At the conclusion of today’s call, all of our investor briefing material including slides and videos will be posted and available. Before handing the call over to Mike, I’d now ask that you follow our earnings presentation with slides on the website beginning with our forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements, including, among other things those regarding the anticipated outlook for business such as our currently expected first quarter and fiscal year 2019 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecast and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017 and other filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to CFO, Mike Dastoor.
Michael Dastoor: Thank you Adam, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As Adam described, I'll begin today by reviewing our fourth quarter and fiscal year results. During the quarter, both segments executed extremely well, resulting in consolidated results that exceeded our expectations in terms of revenue, core earnings and core earnings per share. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was approximately $5.8 billion, an increase of 15% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $134 million and our GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.34. Core operating income during the quarter was $212 million, an increase of 11% year-over-year, representing a core operating margin of 3.7%. Core diluted earnings-per-share was $0.70, a 9% improvement over the prior year quarter. For the full fiscal year, net revenue was $22.1 billion, up 16% year-over-year. FY 2018 GAAP operating income was $542 million with GAAP net income of $86 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share was $0.49 for the year. Core operating income was $768 million, an increase of 15% on a year-over-year basis, representing a core operating margin of 3.5%. Core diluted earnings-per-share for the year was $2.62, an increase of 24% over the prior year. I'd like to call your attention to three items which impacted our GAAP results during the quarter; first, pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in Q4, we recorded a provisional tax expense of $111 million. This is comprised of an additional tax expense of $26 million related to the one-time transition tax and an $85 million accrual related to the foreign tax impact of the change in the indefinite reinvestment assertion on certain earnings from foreign subsidiaries. The net effect of these two actions allows us to more effectively return cash to the United States. As we are applying our analysis any changes to this estimate will be reflected in future periods. Second, we incurred a one-time charge of $18 million as a result of liquidity issues experienced by one of our networking customers. And finally, we recorded acquisition and integration related expenses of $8 million associated with the strategic collaboration in the healthcare market, which Mark will highlight later in today's call. Now turning to fourth quarter and FY 2018 segment results. Revenue for our DMS segment was $2.4 billion, an increase of 11% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting better than expected growth in our healthcare and mobility businesses. DMS represented 42% of total company revenue in the quarter. Core margin for the segment improved 20 basis points year-over-year to 2.7%. Our EMS segment also performed extremely well in the quarter growing revenue by 18% year-over-year to $3.4 billion. Core margins for the segment were 4.4% during the quarter. The strength in both revenue and income was driven by automotive, energy and wireless infrastructure businesses. EMS represented 58% of total company revenue in the quarter. For the year, our DMS segment revenue was $9.8 million, an increase of 23% over the prior year, reflecting our continued diversification efforts with broad-based growth across our businesses. As a result of these efforts, core margins for the segment improved 30 basis points to 3.2%. Our EMS segment revenue was $12.3 billion, an increase of 11% over the prior year. The core margin for this segment was 3.7%. Clearly, our EMS team delivered an exceptional performance for the year. Our value proposition is being well-received as we met this end-to-end engineering solutions and deep domain knowledge to expand existing relationships and renew customers. We expect this positive momentum to continue into fiscal 2019. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet, net capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $114 million and for the full fiscal year came in as expected at $686 million. Our fourth quarter cash flows from operations were very strong coming in at $739 million, bringing total cash flows from operations for the full fiscal year to $934 million. As a result of the strong fourth quarter performance and cash flow generation, I am pleased to report that free cash flow for the fiscal year came in at approximately $248 million. Core return on invested capital for Q4 was 18.2% and grew by approximately 380 basis points on a year-over-year basis to 19.3% for the full fiscal year. During the quarter, we entered into a $350 million term loan facility and $150 million revolving credit facility. The additional liquidity improves our financial flexibility and will be used to fund near-term working capital requirements and future tuck-in acquisitions. We exited the quarter with total debt to EBITDA levels of approximately 2X and cash balances of $1.3 billion. Turning now to our capital return framework, as anticipated during the fourth quarter we fully utilized the $450 million repurchase authorization with 4.7 million shares repurchased in the quarter. Since the interception of our capital return framework in 2016, we had repurchased 33.3 million shares at an average price of $25 and $0.51 bringing our total returns to shareholders including repurchases and dividends to approximately $1 billion. In FY 2019, we intend to fully utilize the current repurchase authorization of $350 million as we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. Before I review our first quarter guidance, I’d like to review two accounting standards. Beginning in fiscal 2019, we adopted the new revenue recognition standard, commonly referred to as ASP 606 on the modified retrospective basis. Also, in September we adopted the new Accounting Standard ASU 2016-15 which will impact the classification of certain cash receipt associated with beneficial interest on our asset back securitization programs. The effects of this change will be applied retrospectively and is not the result of any fundamental change in our underlying business. Turning now to our first quarter guidance on the next slide which includes the adoption of ASC 606. The EMS segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 5% on a year-over-year basis to $2.85 billion, while the EMS segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 13% on a year-over-year basis to $3.25 billion. We expect total company revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $5.8 billion to $6.4 billion for an increase of 9% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $215 million to $265 million with core operating margin in the range of 3.7% to 4.1%. Core earnings per share is estimated to be in the range of $0.79 to $0.99 per diluted share. GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.74 per diluted share. The tax rate on core earnings in the first quarter is estimated to be 26%. In closing, we are very pleased with our fiscal 2018 performance. Core earnings per share growth of 24%, free cash flows of $248 million with returns to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases in the fiscal year in excess of $500 million. Our strong fiscal 2018 performance has proved that our strategy is working and positions us extremely well to deliver on our commitments as we move into fiscal 2019. I’ll now turn the call over to our CEO, Mark Mondello who will provide additional color on our 2018 results and outline the strategic drivers of our business in fiscal 2019 and beyond.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mike and well done. Good morning. We have lots to discuss today and lots to share. But first, as I think about our day that makes me think about our people. Our people are special and our team makes Jabil, Jabil. So along those lines, I’d like to begin today with a short video. Let's take a look. [VIDEO PRESENTATION] [END OF VIDEO PRESENTATION] Our people make all the difference. They are real, real differentiator for Jabil. And as customary, I want to say thanks to all of them. Thanks for taking great care of our customers. Thanks for making safety our priority and certainly thanks for your dedication and commitment. Back in December, during our 1Q earnings call of 2018. I made mention of a quote from C.S. Lewis, and to me the quote is just so descript. It’s so applicable of where the company is at today You know and our team is executing and taking care of customers in the day to day, it’s really hard to see and feel the progress that’s being made. But for me, what we’re doing is working, and because it's working there has been substantial change, and it’s changed for the positive. Talking and briefing you on these positives today is what’s today is all about. So let's start with last year of fiscal 2018. From my perspective, it was another great year. We grew revenue north of 15%. Combine that with strong earnings and strong cash flows. And I’m pleased with the 3.5% co-operating margin as well. Especially given that we printed these results while dealing with an extremely difficult supply chain. Our components market is full of constraints and uncertainties. Well done by all, across our entire Jabil enterprise. Our team’s carrying positive momentum with them into fiscal 2019. I like the decisions we are making and the approaches we’re taking. If we look at this guide, I believe, core earnings per share will grow roughly 15% year-on-year. This puts us squarely in the neighborhood of $3 a share, while expanding free cash flow 40% up $100 million year-on-year. And one important and fundamental observation as we move into fiscal 2019. The separation between our EMS segment and our DMS segment it’s now become opaque, it’s become blurred. And this in terms of our approach, and our solutions offered in the marketplace. The historical bifurcation between the segments is gone and that's intentional. And I believe this is clearly reflected in our results and their outlook going forward. So with fiscal 2019 kind of being in the here and now, I think it’s worthwhile to talk about how we view the business over the coming two to three years. This particular slide reflects what I would consider the possible; our navigational beacon if you will. Our guidepost as to where we are driving the team and where we are driving the business. If we continue to make sound decisions, we continue to execute and we are fortunate enough to keep a little bit momentum at our back. I really believe we have the opportunity to see further expansion in cash flows. $4 a share in core earnings, while bumping up against 4% in core operating margin. And we’ll do so while preserving our core ROIC up 20% or greater. So that was a lot, and it was at a high level. So one thing I like to do now is kind of step back and bring it down and walk through a few building blocks, which backup our assumptions set. So if we start with fiscal 2018, again we delivered $22 billion in revenue, $770 million of core operating income and earnings per share on a core basis of $2.62. From there, if we move to fiscal 2019, our guides for 2019 has revenue at $24.5 billion, core operating income at $850 million and core earnings per share in the neighborhood of $3. And there's two really important components of fiscal 2019. One is, as what I would characterize is our baseline business. So if we simply take the results we posted in fiscal 2018 and you grow that business by 2.5% year-on-year, revenue goes from what we delivered in 2018 at $22 billion to roughly $22.5 billion to be realized in fiscal 2019. We also believe that based on our management, and discipline around overhead, as well as different components of the business coming to maturity, we think we’ll get about 20 basis points of leverage on that core business. So as shown on slide we think core margin on the base business will expand from about $770 million to about $830 million. Second component which is really important and it will be a topic for much of today's discussion is new business awards. So, in fiscal 2019 with the lot of the effort we put in fiscal year 2017 and 2018, we've made a conscious decision to bring about $2 billion of new business largely around new relationships into the company. That business comes with different timing around ramps to maturity as well as cost that kind of run out in front of realized revenue. So, from an assumption set, we believe that $2 billion of new business awards in 2019 will only deliver about a point of margin and it's intentional and I'll explain further. But if you sum these two components together, the $830 million of core operating income on the base business and the $20 million on the new business awards, it sums to the $850 for the year on the $24.5 billion. So, I'll wrap up this slide by taking it a step further and give you an idea of what might be as we move from fiscal 2019 to 2020 to 2021. So again, similar to the logic I just laid out for 2019, those three components for what might be in fiscal 2021. The first component is stepping back again and taking our fiscal 2018 printed results and growing those at a compounded rate from 2018 to 2019 to 2020 to 2021 at roughly 2.5%. That takes the realized revenue in 2018 of $22 billion, and we believe we should see revenue in the neighborhood of $23.5 billion to $24 billion. For this example we use $23.7 billion. And as part of our assumption set, we think it's realistic to maybe a little bit conservative. And again for sake for illustration on that base business we assume that from F1 2019 to F1 2021 we'll get no expansion, no leverage of margin. So again, for sake of illustration which is the intent. For FY 2018 business, as we believe we'll see it in 2021, will be $23.7 billion making roughly $885 million of core operating income at a margin of 3.7%. Our second component in 2021 is really an extrapolation of the new business awards I just talked about for 2019. So in these new business awards what we anticipate is as we ramp these new business awards the $2 billion will convert to close to $3 billion by fiscal 2021. And more importantly the operating income that we think will be around $20 million are for the base new business award business will expand closer to $120 million, so again about a $100 million expansion of operating income from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2021. We also believe that how we have that business quoted? What the outlook of the business looks like? We believe the base and the bucket of the $2 billion of new business awards will deliver us a core operating margin in the area of 4%. And then lastly just to kind of round out the assumption set in 2021 and I don't this is much of a stretch. Today we have about $6.5 billion to $7 billion of new business opportunities in our pipeline. And I would acknowledge the fact that none of that business at the moment is close to being closed, but it will be as we navigate through 2019 and into 2020. So again, because of what might be in 2021 is purely and illustration and illustrative of what we're thinking and what we believe could very much be reality. We just assume that along with the FY 2018 base business that we believe will grow to $23.7 billion. The new business awards that we feel will grow into the neighborhood of $3 billion. We just added another billion dollars of growth and again that from the reality that our current pipeline is substantially higher than that. And much like 2019 we assume we'd make little or no income off of that billion dollars as we ramp those new relationships. I think another key takeaway from this slide that’s worth noting. As a management team and our leadership team we're intentionally not maximizing core operating margins today. And we're doing so for two reasons. Number one, we believe it best to prioritize our ability to capture this quality growth and capture it now. And two, we believe this decision is best in terms of expanding Jabil's valuation over time. So in describing our so called building blocks and important assumption was the $2 billion in new business awards. So I thought it might be wise to substantiate where the wins are coming from and the wins themselves. As you can see by the slide, we have about $1.7 billion of new business wins that cut across four distinct end markets, with another $300 million rounding out the balance sheet of the $2 billion in new wins. I believe these wins are favorable and they're right in our sweet spot. They're wins that can continue to help us diversify the company. They're wins that leverage our various investments that we've made. And there are wins that I think who offer dependable cash flows down the road. And most importantly, I believe these are wins which we believe we can execute on and deliver. And as I said prior these particular wins will ramp through fiscal 2019 and 2020. So for the past few years we talked openly about the importance of investing, strategic investments which enhanced our solutions, investments which increase where we kind of talk about as our domain expertise, and many of these investments also elevate the performance inside our own factories. One such investment is our investment in additive manufacturing in 3D print. I'd like to share a short video; a video which I hope will give you kind of keen sense of how we actually leverage our investments throughout the company. So with that let's take a look. [VIDEO PRESENTATION] [END OF VIDEO PRESENTATION] They're first-rate. One point to note is our 3D additive efforts cut across the entire Jabil ecosystem, this providing tremendous leverage of our investment dollars. Next, a complement to the new business wins and to our portfolio of investments is our steadfast goal to further diversify our earnings and cash flows. For me, diversification is key in our planning and our actions. We believe that the more diversify we become the more robust the company will be. So to put this in context, our goal is for no single product to product set to be more than 5% of our annual cash flows for annual income. We're making tremendous progress in this area and our financial results reflective. So I'm going to wrap up my presentation by sharing details on a really exciting new business award. To Jabil and Johnson & Johnson medical devices companies have entered into a long-term strategic collaboration. And this collaboration will significantly expand with currently our 12-year relationship and partnership with JJMD. This collaboration expands our healthcare portfolio significantly, and it certainly elevates our technical capabilities and leverages our CNC [ph] experience. Financially, this deal will be neutral to fiscal 2019 core earnings. Integration cost and charges directly associated with the deal will be in the range of $80 million. The real interesting part about this deal is that the cash outlay will largely be applied to working capital and inventory. We believe the annual revenue will grow to an excess of $1 billion annually. As part of the deal and based on the strategic nature of the deal, we'll be acquiring 14 sites from Johnson & Johnson, and we'll be supporting and protecting the J&J brands in areas of endo, surgical, spine, trauma and instrumentation. I feel this collaboration has wonderful potential. We also think its going to be truly transformational. And I want to thanks to all involved. So, in closing my portion of the presentation, I'll say again, what we're doing is working. What we're doing is reflected in our results and outlook. We're seeing double-digit growth, growth of revenue, growth of core operating income and growth of core earnings per share. With that, I'll hand the presentation over to Mike, where Mike will offer a bit more color specific to fiscal 2019. Thank you.
Michael Dastoor: Thank you, Mark. I'd like to thank everyone again for your interest in Jabil. You just heard Mark described incredible growth in several end markets in the last few minutes, this growth we're seeing, it's almost like an episodic growth FY 2018 saw us adding $3 billion of revenues. We're projecting to add another $2.5 million in FY 2019. That's $5.5 billion in two years. That is unprecedented growth in Jabil history. Considering this growth, I though it would to be useful to sort of provided inside into the financial metrics that I, as CFO, am focusing on to the rest of the organization, the way we're driving the rest of the team. There's three metrics that are key to my level of detail. Operating margins, first, let me assure you the team is focused on operating margins, operating margins through diversification, operating margins through cost optimization. Diversification through targeted growth in selected end markets which will help us with cash flow streams and earnings which are predictable and lower volatility. Cost optimization and SG&A leverage across our worldwide print. So, overall those two areas of focus on operating margin. Secondly, earnings per share, earnings per share has gone from $1.86, $2.11 [ph] to $2.62 and we're projecting $3. That's a 17% CARG from 2016 to 2019. We will continue to focus on that EPS. Last but not least, free cash flows, free cash flow through optimization of working capital, discipline in CapEx management approach and cash allocation. I really feel we are on the right path and I'm confident that we will deliver on our commitments for FY 2019. Turning to revenue expectations for FY 2019, you heard Mark on why diversification was so important for the company. I'd like to provide you with the deeper look into this diversification, it’s a – the diversification shows our balance portfolio for FY 2019 as a result of deliberate actions in targeted areas of growth. Some of these areas that I'd like to highlight on this slide, areas that provide confidence in further earnings and cash flows due to long life cycle nature of products in industrial and energy and in regulated markets like healthcare and automotive. Areas that we have invested in capabilities, additive, 3D, the video that you just watched that gives us disproportionate advantages as segment leaders. Areas where we have deep domain expertise, complemented investments and capabilities such as RF, antenna integration and server platforms in markets like 5G and cloud. All this will result in lower volatility and more predictable earnings. While our diversification efforts are will manifested in revenues, it's taking slightly longer to show up in margins for real legitimate reasons. Let me try and explain why? Mark talked about 2 billion of new wins in FY 2019 with ramps across four main areas. Let me provide some color firstly on what we mean by ramp costs. Ramp costs are startup costs associated with operational inefficiencies and sub-optimal utilization of assets. In the very early stages of production in the form of lower yields and higher costs, some of these cost actually show up pre-revenues and I think Mark refer to that. Why our ramp cost so important suddenly? Two reasons. The sheer size of the new wins, we're to get, just $3 billion in 2018 and $2.5 billion in 2019, $5.5 billion stands out. It’s a complexity as well. We've gone from a build-to-print sort of model to end to end solution model where we provided number of services. This complexity adds to our ramp costs in the early stages of production. Let's look at the left side of these four boxes that Mark talked about. Healthcare is a good example. Our ramps in healthcare take much longer due to regulations and FDA qualifications. But once they qualified, it's an annuity like earnings. They go on for number of years much reduced volatility and the customer relationships are relatively sticky. Likewise automotive, where similar ramp time due to safety and quality controls lead to longer ramp times, these ramps do not expect any contribution in FY 2019. And I want to highlight that left side. We do not expect any contributions in FY 2019. Conversely on the cloud and the 5G side, the right side of the chart, due to our domain expertise it takes slightly shorter periods to ramp. How should one think about the timing of these ramps into quarter? We expect about $15 million to $20 million of cost, pre-revenues in the first half. So the cost will hit us before the revenues do and we expect that to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million in the first half of FY 2019. That would be offset by contributions in Q3 and Q4 net into a total of $20 million contribution in FY 2019. And I think that is important to shape first half, second half for the year. Moving on to cash flows. As I highlighted in my previous – in my prepared remarks, strong cash flows in Q4 of 2018 through working capital optimization, discipline in CapEx management and cash allocation led to about $50 million of free cash flows. Mark talked about the supply chain constraints in certain components. We expect those constraints to go on to the second half of calendar year 2019. So we don't that situation to improve till then. We do believe the tightness in the supply is a temporary phenomenon though and will elevate overtime. It is definitely not a structural change in our working capital demand. For FY 2019 we expect free cash flow to be in the region of $350 million with the CapEx of $800 million, which approximate to about 3% of revenues. For FY 2019, I would expect the free cash flow generation to follow a similar inter-quarter trend as FY 2018 did. One thing I'd like to highlight is one day of sales cycle is equal to about $60 million in working capital, so volatility inter-quarter can be relatively high depending on whether you take one or two days odd or you add a day or two on your working capital cycle. Beyond FY 2019 we expect a solid income growth and our discipline in working capital management and our CapEx management to lead to strong performance in cash flows. Core return on invested capital, earlier I mentioned focused targeted growth in end markets with higher returns, higher returns through operating margins or higher returns on invested capital. In FY 2018 we launched about $3 billion of revenue, quite a bit of that was in the DMS segment and we leveraged our existing infrastructure which not only let to better margins, I think it was a 30 basis point improvement in FY 2018, but it also helped ROIC to grow by 380 basis points in FY 2019 to – sorry, in FY 2018 to 19.3%. We expect our core ROIC to be around 20% in FY 2019 as we absorbed new business and continue our focus on all aspect of this critical financial metric. In closing I'm confident that we will deliver our commitments in FY 2019. As highlighted we're completely focused on diversification on strong management of cash flows and pre-cash flow conversion. I would now like to hand the call back to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thank you, Mike. As we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreements we will not address any customer or products specific questions. We appreciate your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Adam Tindle from Raymond James Financial. Your line is now live.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks and good morning. Mark, I just wanted to start on the new business awards. What has changed to drive the inflation in new wins? Is it market share gains? Is it customers moving more from insourcing to the outsourcing? Then I had -- have a follow-up on that?
Mark Mondello: We certainly have seen – we have certainly seen some customers moving to outsourcing, but I would think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks in the presentation, we're -- I really like our approach. Our approach is divvied up into very, very intentional sectors where over the last three, four years with the investments we've made both in capabilities and then just kind of this domain expertise with people, I think we were just taking better solutions to the marketplace. And I also think that the macro in certain areas right now is – has given us some help, so I would say its those three areas, Adam.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And I know you mentioned that there's going to be some cost in front of the revenue with the bulk being cloud customers in terms of the win breakdown. We've seen others in the supply chain get pressured on profitability by those customers at time. Can you just maybe talk about the contract structures and maybe any protections or guarantees on returns on the contracts?
Mark Mondello: I can't – I wish I could, I can't, but we're well aware of that. And again, I think we do a pretty good job overall and I think it applies to the new business wins in terms of commercial terms and contracts with customers. I think we got a pretty good track record there.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Maybe I can get one in for Mark real quick then. Mike, you've been through multiple areas. We've seen areas in Jabil with high CapEx and little free cash flow, but setting up a strong growth. We've seen areas of attenuated CapEx and returning cash to shareholders via the buyback. Can you maybe just reflect on those times and help us understand your capital allocation beliefs? Thank you.
Michael Dastoor: I think our discipline on CapEx management has increased tenfold. We're totally focused on growth areas. I think one of the key things we're doing on diversification side is to focus on end markets where we're targeting high returns and that’s how we manage our CapEx flows as well. We do think working capital management is another area that we're focusing on and that's obviously helps our cash flow from ops. And now we feel really good about that.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks Mark and Mike. Your first half, when I look at the November quarter guide, I think the implication is operating margin is up about 20 basis points sequentially. Can you walk through -- is that expectation or expansions that are going to come out from DMS or the EMS side? And kind of what's driving that?
Michael Dastoor: Hi, Amit, I'll take that. In my -- the ramp slide that I showed, I think I talked about some of those costs for ramps coming pre-revenue, so the costs are obviously – its production facilities, its pre-ramp costs, its things that we're doing in our sides before we even start manufacturing. So I indicated there's about $15 million to $20 million of those costs coming in the first half. So some of that is related to Q1 and some of it is Q2.
Amit Daryanani: On the Johnson & Johnson engagement that you guys talked about, can you just talk about -- I think you mentioned the 14 sites you're taking over. Geographically, where are these sites located? And once you get past the initial ramp with Johnson & Johnson, what's the margin profile of this business that you're looking? Is it going to be like the long-term DMS target or something different, just the Johnson breakdown of the site and what do you think the margin profile once you passed the initial ramp? That will be helpful.
Michael Dastoor: Yes. So, we'll be able to share more detail and I actually want to share more detail over time. For now we're in – as you'll be familiar with kind of applicable consultative processes. And once we get through all that then we'll come out and provide a bit more detail and scope of the entire collaborative partnership. But again it’s – in my mind a very, very transformational strategic opportunity.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. That's it from me. Thanks.
Michael Dastoor: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next today is coming from Steven Fox from Cross Research. Your line is now live.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for all that great detail this morning. I had a couple of questions based on the slides. First off, if I look at just the base business that you've highlighted going into 2019 and eventually 2021, looks like the incremental margins you're getting off of that is low double digits in 2019 and then more like 6% to 7% if you look over three-year period? I was curious if you could just sort of explain those incremental margins? How they change? And what a normalized incremental margin you think is for the company going forward? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Steve, it's Mark. Maybe you can help me little bit with your question. I think when I was kind of going through and indexing through the slides I thought what I had communicated and maybe I didn’t do a very good job of it is, is that the base business from 2018 that we just printed was right at 3.5% core op margin. And as we just step that base business from 2018 to 2019 we have fairly modest growth assumptions around that base business of about 2.5%. And I think what the slide showed is, is margins would actually expand about 20 basis points.
Steven Fox: Right. And so what I was wondering Mark is that the incremental change is dollar is about $500 million roughly. And you get $60 million of profit off of that next $500 million. But then if I look at the three-year slide you get $1.7 billion of incremental sales and you generate like a $150 [ph] million off of that. So I'm trying to understand how that leverage is coming out?
Mark Mondello: Yes, yes, but I didn’t understand question that way. That's just simply the product mix and where we at. There's a lot of dollars that we're ramping that aren't in the new business wins from years past. So that's all about time to maturity.
Steven Fox: So, is the longer term incremental margin sort of a normalized -- what you could get on --the type of leverage you get normalized volumes?
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Steven Fox: Okay.
Mark Mondello: Okay. I think – and by the way, I think that's a consideration when we are talking about what could be in fiscal 2021 with us driving to $4 a share and four points of operating margin.
Steven Fox: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the diversification slide, I might be pushing a luck a little bit on this one. But if you were to sort give us a sense for where some of the growth is most robust within all those different breakdowns that you gave versus where maybe its more normalized. There's like – it looks like there's like about 10 different categories, but maybe little more highlights on going forward how that growth looks like?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think you're pushing your luck little bit. I think if you just referred back to – I think a good proxy for that is, if you saw and go back to both one of my slides and I think Mike duplicated the slide actually that kind of highlighted the four areas in terms of new wins and I would add to that, if I go back maybe 12 months to 18 months, we’ve also had some nice wins in the area of energy. So I’d say there's five to six end markets that are driving that.
Steven Fox: Okay. Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ruplu Bhattacharya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now live.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: All right. Thanks for taking my questions and thanks for all the nice details. Mike you mentioned about component cost. I was wondering your guiding fiscal 2019 revenue to $24.5 billion, how much of that is impacted by component cost, like how much would you say a component cost are harming or are reducing revenue in the next year?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Ruplu this is Mark. So this is a topic that we’ve been queried down quite a bit. So I’ll start kind of fundamentally. Calendar, late calendar 2017 and certainly all of calendar 2018 and we think probably the first three, four, five, six months of calendar 2019. For those of us that have been around this business for a long time, it has been what I would think is the most highly constrained, complicated, difficult component markets that we’ve seen. And when you go through that, it’s just -- it's hard, it's hard to plan production. It's hard to run your factories optimally. It does, it does, it does shake up kind of product mix and revenue. What it doesn't do so much for us though is we don’t tend to absorb the escalating costs. We have really good commercial terms. We split those risks with our customers; with some customers we recovered 100%. Some customers we split 50-50. So, for me, the constriction of material, the difficulty and the supply chain, the difficulty that does in terms of I don’t know what we are shipping today. We’re probably shipping $80 million to $100 million of hardware out of the company every day. It just makes running the network factories more complicated and I think that's where I think that's where some of the additional cost come from, not so much from the from the escalating components.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, okay and that’s helpful. My next question, I just wanted to ask you about the slide that has fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2021. When I look at the section for fiscal 2021, you've got fiscal 2018 baseline growing 2.5% and you also have the new wins from fiscal 2019 growing to $3 billion. And then I see the other line of $1 billion right? Does that include both the new wins from fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021, and I guess my question would be, do you think the win rate slows down after fiscal 2018, 2019, because I see you’ve got fiscal 2018, fiscal 2019 wins and then you’ve grouped them into another category. So, does that include both fiscal 2020 wins and 2021 wins?
Mark Mondello: That's more just an illustrative plug. What I'm trying to show there is – as we index towards fiscal 2021 as the new wins from 2019 gets to maturity if you will, I just – we’re not going to be standing still, we are going to book new wins and that was nothing more than a plug number, the intention being that it doesn’t take a significant amount of new wins for us to make fiscal 2021 turnout, that’s all.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for clarifying that. And the last question is, Mike you are guiding $800 million for CapEx for next year. Like you’ve invested significantly like two or three years ago in Greenpoint, so where do you think – can you give us a spread of where that CapEx spend will be in which segment or which end markets or which geographic region?
Michael Dastoor: We haven’t broken that out, Ruplu but I think it’s all across, it’s not in any – it’s not in any specific segment, obviously the growth areas will be ones that we focus and like I mentioned the diversification in the end markets we are trying to deliberately take action in certain end markets, so CapEx is more targeted towards that.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thank you. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Alvin Park from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Alvin Park: Hi, this is Alvin, speaking on behalf of Matt Sheerin. I think on the call you mentioned that you met the supply constraint shed expense through the second half of calendar year 2019. If you could give more details on if it’s a widespread phenomenon or if it still constituted on a certain past components? And secondly, if for fiscal year 2019 or fiscal year 2020 and beyond do you expect potential cash flow increases assuming that inventory would wind down since you don’t have to stock up much back up supply?
Mark Mondello: Yes, so I think what I said is – what I meant to say is the constraint component market would go through the back half of calendar 2018 and into the first number of three, four months if you will call it first half of calendar 2019. I don’t think it’s market will settle or abate completely as we get to the back half of 2019 that we’ll start seeing some relief we believe as we start moving through the spring and summer time of 2019 we think the market will get better. In terms of what was your second question?
Alvin Park: So in terms of cash flows…
Mark Mondello: In terms of cash flows, right.
Alvin Park: Yes.
Mark Mondello: Could you ask that again, because I’m not sure I understood you correctly?
Alvin Park: So the cash flow guide takes into effect the potential benefits you might see from less working capital requirement specifically involving inventory.
Mark Mondello: Well I think what’s going to happen is, is actually think the working capital is going to continue to expand on an absolute basis based on the $5 billion, $6 billion of growth that we’re seeing. But in terms of days and inventory and what not as the supply chain rationalizes, as we can run our factories in a more normalized basis, as we can serve our customers with our planning tools in a more normalized basis, that will improve but yes, the information in terms of both EBITDA in terms of free cash flow and cash flow from operations that we anticipate for 2019 and then the model illustration we showed for 2021 does anticipate that.
Alvin Park: Okay. And then in terms of the core EPS guide of roughly $3 for fiscal 2019 and the 20% year-over-year growth, how much – how heavily will that be constituted on overall sales and margin improvement versus share buyback programs that you have in place?
Mark Mondello: I’d just say that, I’d say the $3 a share again it’s a combination of both growth of the business, financial returns or op [ph] income tied to that business plus the share buyback and then of course tax and interest expense.
Alvin Park: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Jim Suva from Citi. Your line is now live.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. You both gave a lot of details on the financial model long term and the bridges which is great. On the Johnson & Johnson plant acquisitions, is that included in CapEx or cash flow and how should we just think about that from modeling versus on the financial metrics that you just gave out. I think you said neutral to EPS and then growing, is that correct?
Mark Mondello: Yes, Jim I said we anticipate the deal to be neutral to core EPS for fiscal 2019. And then in terms of the $800 million that Mike talked about in CapEx for 2019 the J&J deals included in that number.
Jim Suva: Okay. And then near term this quarter, your revenues materially beat your guidance expectations but earnings, kind of really did not. Is that, due to like a pull-in of these investments you are doing in the future that kind of near term pressure things or was it something else like mix related that or inefficiency due to the complexity of the supply chain, because it seems like you are talking about longer-term pressures on margin the next year or so, but I just want to make sure this quarter the report of the disconnect from upside to sales to margins. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, if you’re talking about 4Q of 2018, if I think through the math on that Jim, we overshot the midpoint of revenue by about $350 million. And then our midpoint on the operating line was about $200 million of core operating income. I think we published about 212, so we got about $12 million of Op income leverage on the 350, I don’t know what the math is, it feels to me like that's like three 3%, 3.5%. And then, the only reason we didn't get more leverage is again because of -- because of some of the early expense that Mike talked about in some of these ramps. But all-in-all when I look at the addition of revenue and the upside to the midpoint of our operating income, the leverage wasn’t bad.
Jim Suva: Okay, that makes sense. Thank you so much for the details and clarifications. It’s greatly appreciated.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my questions. So, thanks for the end market diversification size, is very helpful. So just want to get a sense. Are you going to provide this level of detail moving forward? I know you mentioned the bifurcation of DMS and EMS doesn’t really make sense anymore. And also will you provide some margin profiles for each respective end market? And then which markets in your view are kind of driving most margin upside relative to your corporate average?
Mark Mondello: Okay, that was like four questions in one I think. So, in terms of how we are going to provide this going forward, I think what we’ll probably talk about Mike and I will talk about going forward is kind of on an exception basis. So we’re trying to use the depth that we shared today is as kind of foundational for 2019 and then on an exception basis it things have gotten way out of line, we’ll talk about it and address it. In terms of my comment on DMS, EMS I just want to be sure you’re clear, right. We’re still going to report our business in an EMS, DMS segment. I think if you look at what the teams have done in terms of taking their EMS margins from roughly 2.2% pumping into the high threes and towards four, our approach to all of our businesses today. Our original thesis around the nomenclature of DMS was really about giving investors, higher acuity, higher visibility to businesses that were no longer build the print, no longer EMS like and that was whatever it was six, seven years ago. Today, when I think about the nature of and the intent of diversified manufacturing, meeting new solutions to the marketplace, mechanics full product design, really us having products, expertise, us taking kind of a functional spec or conceptual ideas and being able to take that all the way through to design products, supply chain and delivering the product, that really cuts across the businesses today, whether it be in automotive or healthcare, whether it be in ARVR 5G Cloud, industrial etcetera. So, my commentary was really around our approach in terms of solutions in terms of how we go after the business, in terms of how we care for customers is not a big differentiation between our DMS and our EMS segments. What was the third question?
Paul Chung: Just the margin profile and kind of end markets.
Mark Mondello: Yes, at this point we don’t intend to break out the margins by sector. We’ll continue to break out the margins by DMS, EMS segment through fiscal 2019 and then we’ll see what we decide to do as we move into fiscal year 2020.
Paul Chung: Okay. Then if we take a step back at looking at fiscal year 2018, very strong revenues. How has the kind of pricing environment been with competition? And then moving into 2019, are you seeing some of those competitive pressures at all? And then anything you can mention on the tariff noise as well? Are you winning -- are you gaining share from some of those partners that are more affected by that?
Mark Mondello: On the pricing side, I wouldn’t say there's no relief in pricing. I would say that the pricing environment we live in today is -- is this will sound like an interesting word, but it is normal as it’s ever been. And normal for us is – we’ve got to be creative, we got to come up with good solutions. We’ve got to earn our pay. But when I cut across the dozen or so sectors in the business, there's nothing there that is suggesting that we have issues with pricing, I don’t think really and anywhere in our business, and I think we’ve been very cautious and select in the new business awards. One point, I think I failed to mention. And I think it's important, as CEO of the company, I’ve not sat in the last 12 months to 14 months, I've not sat in one meeting and asked people to drive topline growth, not a single meeting. And I think that's a reflection of I don't want people to be confused, we’re not out chasing growth for the sake of growth. For me, our whole objective is to make the company more valuable within a reasonable time window. And again, I think we've expanded valuation, but we certainly I don't think have expanded it enough. So these wins, these $2 billion of wins are a direct reflection of the quality of services and solutions that are being accepted in the marketplace, but by no means are we out covering the streets or the salespeople trying to grab topline growth not, not in our strategy at all. In terms of the trade and tariff issue, I think that it continues to be a moving target. It depends -- you wake up one day and there's a tweet you wake up 48 hours later something else is going on. So it is a very complicated issue in terms of what's going to be, how bad will it get. There is conversation that it's just going to be, kind of a little bit of a tit for tat. And then there's people that have the opinion that it could extrapolate to something much bigger. If the trade tariff issues, and now I’m talking specifically with China, if those were to escalate in a way that we don't anticipate, but if they were, it absolutely is going to affect our business, as it will affect everybody's business. If the trade and tariffs end up continuing to be some posturing, going back and forth and there's some reasonable resolution to them over time, I think that Jabil is really really well-positioned. We have a wonderful global footprint. We got great capabilities. We are the largest kind of pure manufacturing company that U.S. domiciled I think in the world. All of our factories are connected with a single incident around our IT solutions. So we moved product and inventory around seamlessly every day. So in terms of, as we sit today, we probably run, I don’t know a dozen or so sensitivity scenarios for our customers every month and are very appreciative of that. Some have acted on it, some have not, but I try not to -- try not to get too obsessive about how bad things can get. With that said, we do, we do kind of do planning scenarios internally on what we would do, but assuming this thing doesn't blow up in a big way, I think Jabil is really well positioned to serve the marketplace in terms of trade and tariff issues.
Paul Chung: Okay, great. And then my last question is on free cash flow. It looks like ramp up cost, working capital investments, so probably weigh on 2019 as well. When should we expect kind of free cash flow to normalize? And what are those normalized levels in your view? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you’re welcome. I actually like our free cash flow for 2019, I think in 2018 it was $250 million. It would have been greater than that if we weren’t dealing with the growth and weren’t dealing with the supply chain constraints. In 2019, I think what the slide suggested as we were going to expand free cash flow by about $100 million, or 40% year-on-year from 2018 to 2019, and then kind of the -- how it could be slide suggest the free cash flow could be something much greater than that in the $600 million range. So with all said and how we are running the business, all the different moving parts in terms of kind of what future cash flows could look like I'm quite pleased.
Paul Chung: Thank you. Great job guys.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have reached the end of our question and answer session. I like to turn the flow back over to Adam for any further or closing comments.
Adam Berry: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This now concludes our event. Thank you for your interest in Jabil.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webinar. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-06-14 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill lynch  Matt Sheerin - Stifel Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Steven Milunovich - UBS Steven Fox - Cross Research Paul Coster - JP Morgan
Chaim Siegel - Elazar Advisors:
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tim and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. Ms. Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter of fiscal year 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow the presentation with the slides on the website beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with Mark and his comments on the quarter and our outlook for the business during the remainder of fiscal 2018. Forbes will follow with details on our third fiscal quarter results and guidance for our fourth quarter of 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees. I'll turn the call now over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. As always, I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by saying thanks to our team at Jabil. Thanks for your personal commitment to our customers and to our shareholders and thanks for making safety your top priority. Before I begin with my prepared remarks today, I'd like to share a few thoughts about Forbes. As you know, Forbes recently announced his retirement and he will be transitioning his CFO chair to Mike Dastoor. So with the proverbial mixed emotions I put pen to paper, starting with what an honor it's been to work with Forbes for 20 plus years. Fighting the good fight every day is stressful, it's fun and at times just plain crazy. Forbes and I laugh about how working at Jabil has done so in dog years, as a business has an intensity about it that's never ending. So by my calculation Forbes' career here at Jabil is actually closer to 150 years in duration, now that's worth acknowledgment and celebration. Forbes, you've truly made Jabil better for everyone, for our customers, for our employees and for our shareholders. You are leaving behind one hell of a legacy. You know, as I wrote down my thoughts, it occurred to me that it just wouldn't be complete without a sentimental touch of Scotland. So as the famous Scotts man and creator of Peter Pan, J. M. Barrie once said and I quote, "Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves". Forbes, you and your wonderful bride Lorna, deserve a life full of sunshine. Thank you my friend, thanks for all you've done over such a storied career. You'll be missed man like you'll never be forgotten. With that, I'll now get on to my prepared remarks, starting with our third quarter results. Our team delivered $150 million in core operating income and revenues of $5.4 billion, resulting in core earnings per share of $0.46, a considerable increase year-on-year. These results represent a diversified stream of earnings, a level of diversification that's sustainable as we head into fiscal year '19. During the quarter, we had two distinct challenges. First, were unanticipated factory costs caused by broad-based material and component constraints, and second were lingering cost overruns within our packaging business. These two issues combined one macro and one more micro in nature cost us $12 million to $13 million during the quarter. The good news is both challenges are temporary and both will dissipate. Overall, I'm pleased with the quarter and as customary Forbes will provide more detail around our results and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks. And I'll address current business activities within our DMS segment. Our DMS team earned $29 million during the quarter and $2.2 billion in revenue, demonstrating strong performance, performance characterized by growth, new program awards, and investments. Not necessarily in that order as our third quarter is typically one of deep investments inside our Green Point business and this year is no different. To expand on that point, we generally provide little or no income during our third quarter within our DMS segment. However this year we posted solid profits that were earned from a wide range of product families across half a dozen or so end markets. Moreover, our Green Point business now requires more intricate assembly and sophisticated automation in addition to our precision mechanics expertise. Good news for sure, as this suggests further product diversifications and plays directly into Jabil's strengths. Along this theme I announced during our March call that we had secured two significant program wins, both wins of new customers. These relationships are on track and should become material as we move to the second half of fiscal '19. I'll wrap up our DMS segment with an update on healthcare and packaging businesses. The teams continue to capture share allowing us to reaffirm our annual growth rate of 20% to 25% fiscal year '16 through fiscal year '19 which we referenced for the past 18 months or so. Across the healthcare space we're seeing more and more companies in the areas of diagnostics, med device, Pharma, and drug delivery, select partners like Jabil to serve as their primary hardware provider. We're helping them incorporate better solutions to the use of combined technologies. This enables healthcare providers to become more productive, more cost effective and ultimately more impactful to the patients. As for our packaging business, the outlook for fiscal '19 is positive. We believe that demand for our services will remain firm and in fact increase as Jabil's one-stop solutions set made up of molding and better electronics, final product assembly and material sciences is a real differentiate in the packaging market space. Next, I'll spend a few minutes on our EMS segment. Our EMS team continues to deliver sound results as they push forward with their progressive transformation. The team delivered approximately $122 million during the quarter and roughly $3.2 billion in revenue. As detailed on our last call, we’re seeing meaningful expansion with both existing and new customers in areas such as automotive, connected home, wireless, infrastructure, semi-cap equipment, cloud and energy. The result being EMS revenues at $12 billion plus for fiscal year '18 representing 10% growth year-over-year. Most interesting to me is the fact that half of this growth comes by way of new customer engagements. We expect the momentum to continue into fiscal year '19. It is evidenced that our EMS business has become well diversified. The team is deliberate and intentional on their pursuit of select industries and select customers, a successful model and roadmap on how we intend to run this business or the next two to three years. I'll conclude today's remarks by offering a few thoughts as I think about the company as a whole. Our forward guidance suggests another strong quarter and sets the foundation for Jabil to deliver core earnings of $2.60 a share for fiscal '18 growth of nearly 25% year-on-year and perfect alignment with our commitment. As we've highlighted, opportunities have been plentiful throughout the year and across the enterprise. This has allowed us to make mid-to-long-term investments across our portfolio. A key subset of our current investment thesis is share buybacks. To date we've returned approximately $860 million to shareholders pursuant to the two-year capital return framework we announced back in June 2016. As we enter the final stretch of fiscal year '18 we'll complete the two-year framework bringing our capital return to shareholders to $1 billion as we committed you previously. Accordingly, given the confidence we have today and the value we see in our business, we've elected to extend the capital return framework from two years to three. As such, we've authorized an additional $350 million in share buybacks to occur during fiscal year '19. In closing, I'd like you know that we're planning another Analyst Day where we will provide a comprehensive deep dive into the makeup and the construct of our business. We will do so via webcast on Tuesday, September 25, a few days after our year-end's earnings call and during this session you can expect to hear about operating margins, cash flows, and capital expenditures. Furthermore, you'll hear how we intend to deliver the $3 per share in core earnings in fiscal year '19 and the range of revenues required to deliver these earnings. In the meantime we have plenty of work ahead as our DMS segment is preparing for multiple program ramps, while our EMS segment is digesting the healthy revenue growth we've experienced this year. At Jabil, we embrace constant change and welcome the incredible challenges put forth by our customers. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon everyone. I'd ask you to turn to Slide 3 where I'll review our third quarter fiscal 2018 results. Net revenue for the third quarter was $5.4 billion, growth of close to $1 billion or 21% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $113 million with GAAP net income $43 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.25 for the quarter. Core operating income was $150 million, an increase of 32% on a year-over-year basis and represented 2.8% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.46. Turning now to Slide 4, and our third quarter segment discussion, revenue for our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment was $2.3 billion, an increase of 36% on a year-over-year basis. Reflecting our continued diversification efforts with growth in healthcare, consumer goods, and mobility businesses, which represented 42% of total company revenue. Operating income for the quarter was 1.3%. Our Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue is $3.2 billion and an increase of 12% on a year-over-year basis. And reflected growth across automotive, connected home, capital equipment, industrial, energy and wireless infrastructure customers, and represented 58% of total company revenue. Operating income for the segment was 3.8%.  And now I'd like to take a moment to discuss our cash flows. Cash flows from operations in the third fiscal quarter saw usage of $103 million as a result of working capital expansion to support revenue growth above our previous estimates. Cash flows from operations for the full fiscal year are now estimated to be $800 million, versus our previous expectations of $1 billion. This is the result of temporary working capital expansion to support revenue growth above previous expectations and a challenging component's markets. As I outlined in our October 2016 Analyst Day, we continue to expect cash flows from operations for the three-year period fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2019 to be $3.5 billion. Net capital expenditures for the third fiscal quarter totaled $265 million. Capital expenditures for the fiscal year to date totaled $572 million, while the full fiscal year remains on track with our previous expectations of $700 million. Core return on invested capital for the third quarter was 13% for the full fiscal year core return on invested capital is estimated to be approximately 18% a 200 basis point improvement on a year-over-year basis. Our total debt to EBITDA levels at the end of the fiscal quarter remain at approximately two times, while cash balances were $677 million. Turning now to our capital returns. In the third quarter share repurchases totaled $91 million. Since the inception of the capital return framework, we have repurchased 28.6 million shares at an average price of $25.06 totaling $716 million. At the end of the quarter $134 million remained outstanding on our current stock repurchase authorization which we expect to be fully utilized during the fourth quarter. Upon completion of this authorization, we shall have returned approximately $1 billion in stock repurchases and dividends under our capital framework. I am pleased to note that our Board of Directors has authorized a further stock repurchase program of $350 million through fiscal 2019 continuing our commitment to shareholder returns. Turning now to our fourth quarter fiscal 2018 outlook, which you can see on Slide 5. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment revenue is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis or $2.15 billion, while Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 13% on a year-over-year basis to $3.25 billion. We expect total company revenue in the fourth quarter in a range of $5.2 billion to 5.6 billion and an increase of almost 8% at the midpoint of the range on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income is estimated to be in the range of $144 million to $199 million earnings. GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.65 per diluted share. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $175 million to $225 million with a core operating margin in the range of 3.4% to 4%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.80 per diluted share. The tax rate on core earnings in the fourth quarter is estimated to be 28%. In closing, we are pleased with the progress we've made year-to-date. With the guidance for the fourth quarter overall company revenues and core earnings per share for fiscal 2018 are expected to go 14% and 23% respectively for fiscal 2017. Diversified growth in revenues and earnings will provide a strong foundation to support our plan to deliver core earnings per share of $3 in fiscal 2019. Before I hand the call back to Beth, I'd like to thank Beth, Mark, and Mike and everyone for your support and trust over the last 14 years as CFO. It has been a humbling and wonderful experience. I've worked with many passionate and talented people within Jabil, all parts of the world many of whom I'm proud to call friends. The company is in good hands with Mike Dastoor moving into the CFO role. I worked with Mike for some 18-years and I know our transition will be seamless over the coming months. Thank you again everyone. It has been an absolute privilege. And now I'd like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Thanks Forbes. As we begin the question-and-answer session I would like to remind our call participants that per our customer agreement we will not address any customer or product specific questions. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. Operator we are ready to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America Merrill lynch. Your line is open.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Yes, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. Also Forbes we're going to miss you and all the best for your retirement. May be and my first question Mark, your guidance for the EMS segment is $3.25 billion, that' significantly higher year-on-year from the fourth quarter of last year. So how should we think about if you can give us any guidance on the margins, operating margins that you expect in EMS in the fourth quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, so the year-on-year it is 10% percent plus growth and again I just think it's a bit of a signal on our approach and what we're doing in that market space seems to be working and the other thing we'll take is, there's a little bit of wind in our sales with the overall economy. So we're pleased with the forward-looking guide. In terms of margins, I think if you think back to 4Q of 2017 we posted margins somewhere in the neighborhood of like 4.7% or 4.8% and I had mentioned at that time that there were some one off in that natural margins for 4Q of ’17 were around 4.5%. I think the fourth quarter this year will be at or about the 4.5%. So for modeling purposes I might model that at 4.5%, 4.6% and put the balance of the income with DMS.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks for that and then on the DMS side, the revenues were higher than what you had expected, did the healthcare and packaging surprise you in terms of its strength?
Mark Mondello: So, yes I think maybe I could address that in two parts. One is revenue overshot our midpoint by about $500 million, so I think midpoint for the quarter if I go back to our March call was about $4.9 billion and we did about $5.4 billion. The majority of that was in DMS and it was really kind of across the company where we saw the additional revenue. When we were thinking about providing the guide back in March, we were concerned about the materials market which has been very, very tight to the electronics component market, and then just getting material in general has been difficult, so we hedged our revenue a little bit. Plus we had a lot of new program ramps, so we hedged those as well and maybe we hedged them a little bit too much again. So the delta from our results to our midpoint guide of $500 million again was really across the board. We saw it in healthcare. We saw it in mobility. We saw it in across CMS and we saw it through kind of edge products within DMS as well. So, the good news is when diversification play and the diversification story we've been talking about for the last three years seems to be playing out. I'd like to address, Ruplu, I'll address one other issue maybe to avoid another question on the topic. The question is Gees we saw a $500 million upside in an anticipated revenue we only exceeded earnings by a penny. And I think it's worth noting again and I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, so we had some additional costs in the factories based on the fact that it was quite difficult getting material and components this quarter. And then we also, I mentioned back in our March call that we had some cost overruns in packaging and we had that lingering on into 3Q and we think that will occur a bit more in the fourth quarter, but we think we've got that embedded in our guidance. I'm extremely bullish on healthcare and I'm also bullish on packaging. So I think the components market and the material market, although more of a macro issue will start to subside as we get into calendar ’19. So maybe early to mid calendar ’19 and then in terms of our execution and the issues on the packaging side I think those subside as we move into fiscal year ’19.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, Mark thanks for that and all the details. Maybe the last one just for Forbes, I think the tax rate came in a little bit lower than what we had expected, how should we think about that going into fiscal ’19 any guidance that you can give now?
Forbes Alexander: For '19 it's a little bit early. A lot has depended on the sources of income if you will with our operations in Asia, but as we said today for modeling purposes I think this year will end up about 28%, 29%, I think it's reasonable to hold at those levels and Mike and team we'll update you in September with an exact number because that is a placeholder.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for that Forbes. Congrats again on the retirement and congrats on the good results.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks Ruplu.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thank you and one and also say congratulations to Forbes. Just question regarding your commentary on the supply chain constraints which weighed on margins last quarter. The first question is, isn't that something that you can pass along to your customers when costs go up? And second, what have you done to alleviate that problem so that we don't see that repeat because it looks like the supply environment continues to remain tight?
Mark Mondello: Hey Matt, so I'm not so sure we've got a magic wand on how to make the issue go away, it's a pretty profound issue and again it's more macro based. I can tell you that companies like us and flex with our scale sit in the catbird seat in terms of working strategically and hand in hand with the supply base. So I feel really well positioned that in terms of being able to get materials, resins, electronic components, passes and et cetera that Jabil’s kind of front and center and again I feel good about our ability to do that. In terms of when it's going to clear, I made mention, I think it starts to dissipate probably early to mid fiscal year ’19.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thank you. And just looking at your 2019 target of $3 in EPS and I know you talked about giving us more detailed guidance at your Analyst Day, but that incremental buyback program that you have, is that something that would play into that $3 number? In other words do you need to do the buyback to hit that $3 number?
Mark Mondello: We've always although, so Forbes is extremely cautious, he guards our cash flows and our balance sheet really, really well and so we didn't want to come out with the additional buybacks for ’19 until we are certain that cash flow supported it which it looks like they will. We've always kind of modeled the $3 with about $300 million of buyback in ’19. We announced 350 so not much difference so, yes the $300 million or $350 million of buybacks are already anticipated in the $3 a share.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Mark Mondello: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Sean Hannan: Yes, another person to here to pass on congratulations Forbes it’s been a real pleasure all these years. A question on the guidance as we look at the DMS views for next quarter, so it’s interesting to look at that we’re going to have kind of flattish year-on-year scenario. Typically we do have some growth, so trying to understand the various components push and pull that get us to that. Obviously there have been some positive and negative leverage there, so just want to see if we can get a little bit more granularity on that?
Mark Mondello: Sure Sean, so I feel great about our guide for DMS in 4Q. I've looked at last quarter or last year of the fourth quarter and it was a pretty frothy outlook with super cycles in and whatnot. So the fact that our guide this year is largely on top of results from our fourth quarter last year makes me feel really good. I think the composition is different though which makes me feel even better. Again, we've been - we're banging the drum for the last three and a half four years on diversifications and I think our guide in the fourth quarter around DMS reflects that. So add to that that for the last whatever it is 18 months maybe a little longer, we've been talking about healthcare and packaging growing at a compounded rate of 20% to 25% from 16 to 19, I think that's also reflected in our DMS guide. So overall we feel pretty good about the guide for the quarter and how we’re closing out the year.
Sean Hannan: So all-in-all there can be an interpretation that we should think of this as a visual reflection of here this pivot is taking place lesser reliance on where some of the prior Taiwan Green Point revenue make up had been. And a much more visible contribution coming into play, changing that make up driving more sustainable profitability moving forward through the pro [ph] related revenues and other activity?
Mark Mondello: Well, there was a lot there, but I think I agree with that largely, yes.
Sean Hannan: Fair enough, all right, thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Sean.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner: Hi thank you. I was hoping you could maybe make some comments on your further outlook for revenue growth. I know in the past you've talked about sort of mid-to-low single digit growth in DMS, but you guys clearly outperformed that this year. And then when you think about the DMS segment, the sort of flat guide for 4Q, is that, should we think about much lower growth in DMS as we move into fiscal ’19? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Sherri. So we haven't really talked much about revenues for ’19. I can imagine DMS and EMS continuing to grow at whatever the numbers are, call it 20% and 10%. Again we're doing something right, so we'll take the growth while it's here. Again this has been a really nice year for us. I think if you think about the $3 a share and we'll get into much more detail on this September 25, but I think growth rates will normalize a little bit. And in terms of revenue for ’19, I would pencil in something $22.5 billion to $23 billion and again give us another, whatever the math is 80, 90 days and we'll take you a bit deeper on all of that. One of the things that we're looking forward to for the Analyst Day which is nearly two years to the day is to really give you a good breakdown and construct of how we're going to derive the $3 a share which will include subsets of revenue and how all that breaks down.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, great and then Forbes also congratulations to you on your retirement I've enjoyed working with you, but I wanted to ask about CapEx. I think you've guided $700 million and we've been a bit above those rates, so how should we think about CapEx this year and I assume you'll update us for fiscal ’19 at the Analyst Day? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, thanks Sherri. CapEx this year we started at the beginning of the year at $700 we should be hitting that number. I think we're what 570 roughly as we've exited this quarter, so it should be on track around the 700 number for the year.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, great thank you.
Forbes Alexander: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Milunovich with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Milunovich: Thank you. You've expanded a lot of capacity in Green Point the last few years, can you give us a sense of where your plant utilization is, how much further there is to go there and if it has positive potential impact on margins?
Mark Mondello: Hey Steve, it’s Mark. We really haven't expanded much capacity at all in the last couple of years. I think we've talked a lot about fiscal 13, 14 and maybe part of '15 where we got out ahead of ourselves with expansion in Mainland China and we made great investments there. We just we were a bit premature by probably 18 months or so. One of the things we said back then was - is we're probably a little bit early, but don't judge us and let us see if we can leverage the assets and the capacity over the next coming years in terms of cash flows and largely that's exactly what we've done. So, pretty pleased with capacity utilization, and then kind of an ROIC or ROA on those assets to last the last number of years.
Steven Milunovich: Okay, it seems like yesterday to me, but on the EMS operating margin, I think you've said that you thought you could sustain the around 4% is that kind of the level we should be thinking about on an annualized basis?
Mark Mondello: I don't know, I mean, I think the team is doing a great job and again, I bring you back to - we've taken those margins from 2.2% bumping up against four. I think for modeling purposes on an annual basis modeling our EMS margins around 3.8 seems reasonable if we can stretch it to four and by the way our internal goal is certainly to get our EMS margins to four but maybe cut that by 20 basis points but nonetheless, boy I feel good about how that business is operating in the outlook for that business for fiscal 19.
Steven Milunovich: Great, thank you.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. Forbes, your level of integrity and stewardship and details has been so appreciated over the decade as long you said and thank you so much and you will greatly be missed. My question is this, the upside on the revenues, so you're able to get all the components but the margins as you mentioned didn’t come in. So you're able to get it was it you just have to pay up to get the product or it's hard to see why you wouldn’t pass that through the customer if it's apparent DRAM prices, copper, all those prices have gone up, why not, have got the cost plus model being a protector.
Mark Mondello: Hey Jim, so by the way thanks for the kind words for Forbes. I couldn't agree more. In terms of the component market we weren’t really able to get all the components and again I think the revenues a reflection again. I just keep banging the drum on in our world in our business the more diversified we are the better and the upside in revenue one could look at it from the outside and go wow, you were able to collect all the components, you need and the reality is we're really well positioned to collect components and manage the supply chain, we've got great partners, but we largely didn't get all the material we needed. A, that drove up transformation cost in our factory which I addressed in my prepared remarks but were able to go down different tangents in terms of getting our product different getting our customers a different mix of products. So again I think it's a wonderful illustration of the diversification of the business overall. In terms of, I think this is the second question around do we just pass that cost on to our customer and the answer is we've got all kinds of different agreements with customers, Jabil over the years typically doesn't take absolute inventory liability. But we're not to agree, we just throw our hands up and past the car just where we just throw our hands up and pass that cost down to the customer, our customers expect us to work the issues side by side with them and in most every case we end up sorting through an equitable rational solution on the economics. So again, I tried to allude to this in my prepared remarks and maybe one of the earlier questions but in the 400, 500 million of additional revenue that we had. We actually made pretty good margin on that. But again it was eaten up by some inefficiencies in the factories as well as some of the lingering issues of packaging which will resolve themselves in relatively short order.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much and again Forbes my [indiscernible] for all the years help greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fox: Thanks, Good afternoon. First Forbes, I was just wondering especially first of all congratulations, but since you're walking out the door and record earnings, I was wondering if I can pick you up on cash flows one last time.
Forbes Alexander: Why not?
Mark Mondello: Oh come on Steve, give him a break.  I was nearing its being up on cash flows one last time.
Forbes Alexander: Come on Steve.
Steven Fox: So, your cash flows are coming in a little lighter this year which is not too much was fried to - what's going on in the environment, but you seem to be confident that they bounce back pretty strongly next year even though we're in an inflationary environment. So I was curious if there's anything internally going on to improve working capital or how you sort of see that bounce back working? And then I had a follow up.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, sure, now you are right. We're a little bit light as you say with growth. Beginning of the year I think we expected that our EMS growth 3%, 4%, we're coming in double digits [indiscernible] and that's driving tan and that's driving a lot of that expansion in working capital, beyond that, so expansion in dollars what you're going to get with revenue growth. Beyond that this pipe components market has really created a mismatch if you will of raw material right in our factories which goes to Mark's point above the inefficiencies in the plants. So as we move through ’19 we expect and I can't give you a specific date, but we do expect materials market to correct somewhat and with that we should start to see the cash flows or those inefficiencies disappear if you will. So think of that or maybe I don't know a couple $100 million bucks something of that type of nature which we should see no come into fiscal '19 and as I said in my prepared remarks we still feel pretty comfortable that over this three year fiscal period '17 through '19. We can deliver on our commitment $0.5 billion, so surely by that market correction, we're always striving to be more efficient in terms of working capital. This is a working capital business. So I think we're in good shape and then we should be able to hit those targets.
Steven Fox: Great, thank you for all your help over the years and then Mark I'm just curious as you think about the 20% to 25% growth you're getting out of like packaging at healthcare, how does the sort of the breakdown of that business change from like last year to this year then the following years? Or is there anything you could highlight in terms of applications or certain markets that's driving the growth differently as we think about it year-to-year?
Mark Mondello: Specifically in the healthcare and packaging?
Steven Fox: Yes, because you've got 20%, 25% growth, but I'm wondering if there's any differences in what the drivers are between like this year and next year.
Forbes Alexander: Now I think they're consistent. It's just the fact that we're kind of playing deeper in both markets, so I would say both markets hard are distinctly different about where their common is, is their disruption in both markets. I think that, and I said a lot of Steve on my prepared remarks on that, if I could take packaging first our team does wonderful job with material science molding and you add that to our ability to do final assembly embedded electronics so for a lot of the consumer product brands having kind of one stop shopping to come to us and help them holistically with kind of where technology is going. If you think about apps around packaging, you think apps around product, you think about apps are around retail, its pretty good solution set that we have to offer. In terms of healthcare there's just general disruption going around through the healthcare space and that's leaning right into a sweet spot for us as well. So right now I don't think the 20%, 25% continues into perpetuity, but boy the momentum is quite good. If I could just index off of that comment for a minute Steve, on the cash flows as Forbes was answering your question one thought popped into my head. So the overall cash flows for the business if you look at the EBITDA the business it's really strong. The cash flow from apps we're bringing that down a bit just because we're making a fundamentally smart decision to go grab this growth why it's there because we think there's growth for the next three, four, five years to really get a foundation for us. So again, simple working capital expansions absorbing the cash, but here's something pretty cool. The team has been very disciplined on the fixed asset side. Our CapEx number hasn't moved at all and we think we'll probably end this fiscal year with a return on invested capital somewhere in the 17%, 18% range and we think that if we can continue our disciplines we think the ROIC next year will be in that range if not higher.
Steven Fox: Great, thanks again for all the help Forbes and I appreciate the feedback there. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JP. Morgan Your line is open.
Paul Coster: Thank you for taking my questions. So you've got two projects and programs in start up, you’re in a position to share with us what impact that has a margin, so the margin drag.
Mark Mondello: Margin drag, not really maybe and what I mean by that is scale the company is today Paul at a margin drag. I would say that I would say that they're a absorber of OpEx at the moment. So I guess to that extent yes. Is it material, not so much. But we think that on the two new program wins I alluded to, that the inflection point where that kind of goes through from OpEx absorption to plateau to generating income will be around midpoint of fiscal year 19.
Paul Coster: Got it. Thank you. If you don't mind I’m going to get down the supply chain rabbit hole again and just it sounds like from Forbes answer, that this is something that's not under your control it's the industry that will resolve the issue and many components and materials I would imagine. I'm just wondering what it is you see that makes you comfortable that by mid fiscal year 2019 the problem would have dissipative?
Mark Mondello: Well, I don’t know that the problem will dissipate completely by mid calendar 2019. We think that we'll start to see pockets of it that will soften and get to a more normalized base. Most of that information comes from A, if you think about Jabil we support 300 plus of the coolest greatest brands on the planet and we get to see what they're all doing and work with them on their product roadmaps and so it gives us a pretty good bird's eye view of the next 12 to 18 months. Number two is, we've got - we just got great relationships with the suppliers and the distributors. So, our material supply chain folks are out in the marketplace every day, so we get a pretty good read on that. And again we don't have any type of crystal ball, but our data would suggest that things will start get in better in about a year's time frame, maybe a little less.
Paul Coster: Great, thank you very much. A - Mark Mondello Yes, thanks Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chaim Siegel with Elazar Advisors. Your line is open.
Chaim Siegel: Hi guys, congratulations and Forbes, good luck on your next step in life. Just a quick question on sequential growth, the guide for August I think it implies slower than your normal seasonality, but looking at the momentum in your different businesses I would assume that you'd at least have normal seasonality, so I’m just wondering what's that or if it's just a little conservatism?
Forbes Alexander: I think that, I think that if you look at it on the surface and you look at seasonality and you look at sequential Q3, Q4 of 2017, so Q3 of 2017 to Q4 of 2017 and on the surface you look at Q3 of 2018 to Q4 of 2018 it appears like it’s a bit softer. The reality of it is, we had a really strong Q3 of 2018. So I'd look at that more maybe on a year-on-year basis. I think sequentially is a little distorted because we had such a strong Q3 this year on a top line. So again I can understand the kind of illustration where it looks sequentially like things are a little softer and in reality I think the guide is quite strong, A, based on the business and B, if you look at it year-on-year Q4 of 2017 to Q4 of 2018.
Chaim Siegel: Yes, I agree, it's very – it's a strong guide. One thing I noticed is that two year trend, so if you take this year plus last year, it's only been accelerating which speaks to your momentum comment. So looks a little conservative, but will give you that.
Forbes Alexander: Well, I'm not sure if it is, but if it is we'll take that as well.
Chaim Siegel: All right, congratulations.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Irwin Lou [Ph] dialling in for Amit. Mark, you mentioned that half of your growth in EMS was driven by new customer engagements are there any changes to either your sales strategy or capabilities that enabled this acceleration in new customer platform wins?
Mark Mondello: Yes, so if you look just kind of qualify what you said right at the beginning last year in EMS we did about $11 billion. We thought that would grow at 3% or 4%, so call it $400 million, $500 million is what we had planned for in September, October and the reality of it is EMS is going to add about $1 billion. So the deltas from what we had planned is call it just round numbers $500 million. I think it's due to A, there are some wind sales a bit because the economy is okay, but the other part of it is our approach. I think our sector strategy, I think the fact that our leaders in EMS have went out starting three, four years ago and really hired what we kind of referred to as kind of deep domain experts in each of the different sectors. So we have that business broken up into very manageable chunks. The $12 billion in EMS today is broken up in probably a dozen different business units, all of pretty sufficient scale, and then we were bringing kind of independent solutions in terms of aggregating various technologies to each of those end market segments. And so far it seems to be working quite well, so that's kind of what we're up to.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thanks. And along with the same industry tailwinds on Tangent, can you share with us your thoughts on the sustainability of the past momentum of the broader technology industry?
Mark Mondello: Oh I don't know, I mean I'm not sure, I’m not sure I'm rated to really do that, I think that we’re again we get around, we talk to everybody, we spend a lot of time with our customers, we spend a lot of time with the private equity guys, we spend a lot of time with the banks and it's hard to argue that again there's a little bit of wind at our sails. I don't think the economy overall is as frothy as some think and I'm not so sure that the economy is linked directly to the frothiness of the stock market, but when you're in this business a long, long time, it feels better operating today than when we get the stiff winds blowing in our face and we've been through those cycles many times as well. So we'll take it why we have it and here's the good news about a company like Jabil, is when we get a little wind at our back, it's really good, we enjoy it and we work really hard and capture the growth. The flip side of that is, I wouldn't want to work anywhere else when the winds are blowing in our face because one thing we know how to do with a low margin business is we know how to execute, we know how to watch the pennies. So, again we will take that will take the good times while we have it, but we're also very conservative and don't want to get too happy with the current situation, but all in all I'm really pleased with the outlook for 2018 and we've got a pretty strong outlook for 2019.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. That's all I had and congratulations Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the call back over to Ms. Beth Walters.
Beth Walters: Great, thank you very much. Thank you to everyone for joining us today. We will look forward to meeting and talking to you further to answer any follow on questions you have about the quarter, about our guidance or about the company. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-03-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Tindle - Raymond James Matt Sheerin - Stifel Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Suva - Citi
Operator: Good afternoon, my name Good afternoon. My name is Ala, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our second quarter and fiscal year 2018 earnings call. Joining me today on the call are CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation the slides on the website beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2018 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with Mark with his comments on our results and outlook for the business in fiscal 2018. Forbes will follow with comments on our second fiscal quarter results and guidance for our third quarter of 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. As always, I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I'll begin by extending my sincere gratitude to each and every employee here at Jabil for making safety their personal priority. Thanks for your care and commitment. Now let's take a look at our second quarter results. I'm pleased with the quarter and the strong start to fiscal 2018. Our team delivered $179 million in core operating income on revenues of $5.3 billion, resulting in core earnings per share of $0.66. Add to this the fact that Jabil's cash flows and earnings are becoming more diversified and less dependent on any single product or product family for that matter, a definitive proof point that our strategy is taking hold. Another item that stands out for me when I think about the quarter is the fact that revenue overshot the midpoint of our guidance by $400 million, while at the same time, core earnings per share came in $0.04 above the midpoint of our guidance range, largely driven by a favorable tax rate. So why didn't we see additional margin dollars tied to the higher levels of revenue? Let me try and explain. The additional $400 million of revenue was driven by the abrupt acceleration of three near term market share wins inside of our EMS segment, combined with stronger than expected volumes in our Green Point sector. As for the missing margin dollars, this was based on intra-quarter investments we made in our EMS business based on the strength of the business itself, combined with cost overruns in our packaging business, as the team navigated tough challenges within the quarter, challenges that are common when faced with healthy growth. As customary, Forbes will provide detail around the results during his prepared remarks. I'd now like to address current business at hand starting with our DMS segment. Our DMS segment earned $83 million during the quarter and $2.4 billion in revenue, representing a 54% increase in earnings on a year-on-year basis. A key catalyst for Green Point's success was less dependency on any one particular product type and increased dependency on a broader hardware portfolio. Thinking about this business as we move into fiscal year 2019, I believe the same catalyst will materialize in the form of slightly lower blended margins based on a higher material content on a product-by-product basis. But most importantly, the Green Point business should display less demand volatility and improved fixed cost leverage throughout a given year. I'm also happy to note that our team is leveraging their mechanics and materials science expertise to now ramp two significant program wins, both wins with new customers, one customer in the area of non-mobility consumer goods and the other in the area of augmented reality. Although still early days, I bring these new customer wins to your attention based on the potential scale of each. I'll wrap up our DMS segment with a brief update on our health care and packaging businesses. The teams continue to capture share as they lean into favorable market trends. The demand for affordable, results-oriented health care, in concert with the evolving technology needs being requested from the consumer packaging market, allows us to post strong double-digit growth, thus providing an awfully bright outlook and sustained momentum. Our health care and packaging businesses are profoundly integral to our story, as we aim for greater economic stability throughout the Jabil enterprise. And now I'll speak to the EMS segment. Our EMS team is driving a progressive transformation as they delivered $95 million during the quarter on roughly $2.9 billion in revenue. This transformation denotes the strength of this division as our EMS team leverages end-to-end engineering solutions, deep domain knowledge and exceptional day-to-day operational execution. As I step back and I look at our EMS business, margins remain solid, while revenue growth for fiscal '18 will now be well above the range we expected. This is good news all in all. But the really good news is half of this generous revenue growth comes by the way of new customer engagements, engagements that are strategic, engagements that come to us from end markets, which include semi-cap equipment, optical networking, industrial & energy, telecom and connected home. Clearly, our EMS team is doing an outstanding job as their value proposition is being well received by the markets they serve. I'll conclude my prepared remarks specific to our business at hand by offering a few thoughts as I think about the company as a whole. Our forward guidance suggests another strong quarter and sets the foundation for Jabil to deliver core EPS growth of 20% to 25% for the second half of fiscal 2018 when compared to the second half of fiscal 2017. Furthermore, we remain committed to the objectives we laid out during our September 2016 Investor Day. I bring this up not to dwell on the Investor Day itself but to highlight the importance of doing what we said we'd do over the mid- to longer term and the positive impact this may have to our valuation. In summary, we're proud of the results we posted for this quarter as we see our strategy moving front and center. Before I hand the call over to Forbes, a few parting comments. For us, as I've said multiple times, shareholders remain at the forefront of our actions. To this end, we have a credible plan based on sound assumptions and historical data, much of which I've shared in today's prepared remarks. Our plan has us shifting a higher percentage of our earnings and cash flows to engineering-rich relationships, which simply offer better financial stability over the long run. Jabil's leadership remains confident, confident because we are strengthening our business base by selectively expanding existing relationships, as well as adding new customer relationships with many top brands. At Jabil, we have the scale, the infrastructure and the talent, which offer us the opportunity to move closer and closer to our aspirational goal, a goal to become the most technologically advanced manufacturing solutions company in the world. As I sit back and I really think about this ambitious goal, I'm humbled and highly encouraged by the progress that we're making. Thanks. I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. And good afternoon, everyone. I'd ask you to turn to Slide three where I'll review our second quarter fiscal 2018 results. Net revenue for the quarter was $5.3 billion, growth of 19% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income is $130 million with GAAP net income of $37 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.21 for the quarter. Core operating income was $179 million with core earnings per share of $0.66. Turning to Slide 4 in our segment discussion. In the second quarter, revenue from our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment was $2.4 billion, an increase of 38% on a year-over-year basis, slight [ph] in growth in programs within our mobility and lifestyles and health care businesses. This represented 46% of total company revenue. And operating income for the quarter was 3.4%. Our Electronics Manufacturing services segment revenue was $2.9 billion, an increase of 7% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting growth across capital equipment, industrial energy and automotive customers and represented 54% of total company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 3.3%. I'd now like to briefly turn - to update you on our restructuring alignment plan. This plan continues to remain on track, and during the quarter, we recorded approximately $5 million associated with this activity. We anticipate conclusion of this plan and charges of approximately $30 million in the second half of fiscal 2018. As a reminder, this plan will result in an incremental cost savings benefit of $20 million to $30 million in fiscal 2019. I'd now like to address the recent tax reform. We do not currently expect any significant impact to our core effective tax rate from the enactment of the new U.S. Tax Act. However, in the second quarter, we did record in GAAP earnings a provisional tax expense of $31 million due primarily to the onetime mandatory deemed repatriation or transition tax on previously untaxed foreign earnings. In accordance with the Tax Act, payment of this tax will be spread over the next eight years starting in fiscal 2019. We continue to analyze the potential impacts of tax reform, and in particular, foreign earnings can now be accessed in a more tax-efficient manner. Should we determine opportunities are available to return these earnings, we may be required to record tax expenses related to foreign withholding taxes in the second half of fiscal 2018. Turning now to our cash flows and balance sheet. Our cash flows from operations in the second fiscal quarter were $352 million. And cash flows from operations for the full fiscal year continue to be expected to be in excess of $1 billion. Net capital expenditures for the second fiscal quarter totaled $110 million, and for the first half of the fiscal year, $308 million. The full fiscal year remains on track with previous expectations of $700 million. Core return on invested capital for the second quarter was 18%. I'm also pleased to note that during the quarter, we successfully redeemed our $400 million 8.25% senior notes and priced $500 million of senior notes due in 2020 - excuse me, due in 2028 with a coupon of 3.95%. At the end of the quarter, total debt to EBITDA levels remained at approximately 2 times, and cash balances were $941 million. Turning now to our capital return framework. In the second quarter, share repurchases totaled $132 million. And since the inception of this framework, we've repurchased 25.3 million shares at an average price of $24.71. At the end of the quarter, $225 million remains outstanding on our current stock repurchase authorization. Our plans to return $1 billion by the end of this fiscal year via dividends and share repurchases remain firmly on track. I'd now ask you to turn to Slide 5 for our review of third quarter fiscal 2018 outlook. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 10% on a year-over-year basis to $1.85 billion, while the Electronics Manufacturing services segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 8% on a year-over-year basis to $3.05 billion. We expect total company revenue in the third quarter to be in the range of $4.75 billion to $5.05 billion or an increase of almost 9% at the midpoint of the range on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $125 million to $165 million, while core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.55 per diluted share. Our GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.12 to $0. 38 per diluted share. The tax rate on core earnings in the third quarter is estimated to be 28%, and the rate for the second half of the year in the range of 27% to 28% based upon the current forecasted mix of earnings. In closing, we are pleased with first half of fiscal 2018. We remain very well positioned for the second half of the fiscal year and continued positive momentum as we move into fiscal 2019, momentum that is supported by diversified revenue and income growth within both our EMS and DMS segments. I'd now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Thank you, Mark and Forbes. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to remind our call participants that at the request of our customers, and as usual, we will not address any customer or product-specific questions. And we thank you in advance for your cooperation. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Adam Tindle [Raymond James]. Your line is open.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. And good afternoon. Mark, you alluded to investments in EMS, which is muting some of the normal operating leverage that we might see. Can you help us quantify this in any way? And should this attenuate to allow fiscal '19 EMS operating margin to get back to or above fiscal 2017 levels?
Mark Mondello: Adam, well, first off, I think, on the EMS margins themselves, I still feel very good about where we'll end up in fiscal '18 for EMS margins. In terms of the investments we're making, it's widespread, but if I had to take a stab, areas like automotive, Industrial & Energy probably stand out in that group more than any other. But again, the EMS business in total serves, I don't know, 200-or-so customers. So it's spread pretty evenly across the mix. I would say that we made the investments, Adam, based on the fact that early on in the quarter there was good indications that the business was going to be quite strong. So some of this is nothing more than maybe investments we are looking at more towards the back half of the year that we accelerated.
Adam Tindle: Okay, it makes sense. And Mark, you completed one board meeting. I think you've got another one upcoming. You've been diversifying cash flows, while still returning cash to shareholders. And just hoping you can talk about how you and the board are thinking about a capital allocation framework at this point. Does it make sense to accelerate diversification through more organic investments? And how do you balance this versus returning cash to shareholders? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So I love our capital allocation at the moment. I think it's very reflective of the strength of the cash flows of the business. We as a leadership team, and certainly, in conjunction with our board, talk about that often. I think about the last couple of years returning $1 billion to shareholders, making very, very thoughtful organic investments in then what largely has been a bunch of tuck-in acquisitions. And I think sometimes the tuck-in acquisitions we do get lost and because they're small. And we do, I don't know, half a dozen of those a year. But I think those tuck-in acquisitions over the last 18 months have been pretty vital in both the revenue growth as well as the margins in both divisions, but certainly the EMS segment. In terms of - we've been pretty muted on, well, the capital returns to shareholders extend beyond this fiscal year, we'll take that up. We recognize that. We'll take it up with our board in April and probably have more to say about that in the June call.
Adam Tindle: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin [Stifel]. Your line is open.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks. And thank for taking the question. Just, again, regarding the DMS segment. You've had some nice profitability growth year-over-year. If you look at the guidance, assuming that the Nypro Healthcare business grows sequentially sort of trying to back into the Green Point number, it looks like it'll be down, I don't know, 30% to 40%. And you've had the cyclical or these quarter-to-quarter swings, obviously, in the May quarter in the past. In terms of profitability, and if you're still targeting sort of that 4% EBIT or operating margin for the EMS segment, it looks like you're still going to be at least modestly profitable in DMS for the May quarter. Is that a good way to think about it?
Mark Mondello: I think it's a great way to think about it. The May quarter, if you if you assume that we're having rationale participation in our Green Point business, widespread in Green Point, as well as mobility, for the last number of years, 3Q has always been a heavy investment quarter in that part of our business. It's still a heavy investment quarter. But if you think about our guide, you think about where we set you in terms of revenue levels, you think about EMS margins kind of on an annual basis being very similar to '17, I think you back into the fact that DMS in terms of absolute profit dollars will be much better and larger than they were in 3Q, 2017.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks, Mark. That's helpful. And on your commentary regarding some hiccups with the packaging business, obviously, due to very strong growth there. Are those issues that have been resolved and in terms of the profitability contribution from Nypro/healthcare to DMS, do you expect that to continue to grow in terms of its contribution?
Mark Mondello: Yes. So for me, it's nothing that has me flustered whatsoever. The packaging business is growing. There's a lot of moving parts. It's a complicated business, but it's a business I like a lot. To sit here and say all the issues have been resolved, I would say, many of the issues have been resolved as we move into 4Q and into '19, I expect all issues to be resolved.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney [Goldman Sachs]. Your line is open.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. First question was a follow-up to the comments, Mark, you made about DMS and your expectations for fiscal '19. I think you said you expect some more stability in your DMS segment next fiscal year, but maybe trade-off slightly lower margin. Any quantification or better detail you can provide us on that deal?
Mark Mondello: Sure, Mark. Yes. So I think the comment I made around DMS applies to the whole company. I think you start to get a theme here. So I love the vast majority of all of our business in DMS, whether it be healthcare packaging or what we're doing today in Green Point. I think the comment I made in my prepared remarks is that across the entire enterprise, Mark, we are looking to drive more and more diversification and cash flows and earnings. I think that's for a couple of simple reasons. Number one is we're just not smart enough as a management team to figure out all the puts and takes and what technologies and hardware products and everything else are going to win and lose across the globe today. The other comment I made is we're making some positions inside of our Green Point business where I would rather take stronger diversification versus reliance on some single selected product families. And based on the diversification there, based on the higher material content on a product by-product basis, some of the product blended margins may be a bit lower. But I think what we end up within the end markets, if we get that right, is we end up with a DMS business with both Green Point, healthcare and packaging where we get just a higher level of fixed asset utilization throughout the year. We don't get quite as bad. And we're doing that in such a way that we've got certain parts of the overall DMS business that's just growing at faster rates than others. So as I look to fiscal '19 and beyond, I really like the outlook for the DMS sector as well, along with DMS. So I kind of look at '19 going you know, if we get a few things going our way, I think it's going to be a nice year.
Mark Delaney: That's helpful. A follow-up question for fiscal '18 outlook. You talked about areas a number of areas, especially in EMS, that are driving upside versus prior views. Any areas or markets that you thought as being weaker? And help better understanding you can help us with in terms of, you know, in the past, when the markets softened, oftentimes there's a couple of quarters where things continued to go softer. Just how you'll be able to think about in terms of the guidance for this year and if, in fact, any end markets are weaker than last quarter? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes, Mark. So I think, again, I think I'd answer it this way. The - I just it's hard to comprehend just how broad-based EMS is. It's just it's a business that cuts across, again, so many different brands, so many different customers, so many different products. If I had to characterize again where we're seeing strength, industrial energy, semi-cap equipment, auto, and then it's got a bit of tail to it. In terms of where we're seeing weakness, touch wood right now, we're not seeing any weakness in really any part of the business. And again, think that's reflective in the revenue numbers. If you take a look at fiscal year '17, I think, on EMS, DMS segment, we did about $11 billion. And I think if you kind of extrapolate out our 3Q guidance and the annual guidance, you'll get a feel that at the beginning of the year, we thought EMS revenue might be up 3.5%, 4%, and it can vary well be double that. So - and I think what's interesting is there might be some markets we serve in EMS where the markets themselves may be a little bit weak. But what's ironic in that right now is we're actually picking up decent amount of share gains in those markets. So all in all, I feel pretty good about what we're looking at with EMS. And again, this is coming off of a fiscal year '17 where the team drove margins to record highs coming off of '16 where they delivered, I don't remember the exact number, but roughly 3.5% up margins. So I'd like the story there quite a bit.
Mark Delaney: Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Yeah.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan [Needham & Company]. Your line is open.
Sean Hannan: Yeah. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question here. So Mark and Forbes and team, just want to see if I could get a little bit more information on the Nypro business at this point. So you folks certainly entered the year with your pretty good growth expectations. We're starting to see some of that. Was hoping maybe we can get some granularity as we separate the path of what's occurring related to health care versus packaging. How does that materialize here for as we move through '18? And what are some thoughts on how that could continue in '19? Because I believe that the growth expectations remain fairly healthy for next year as well? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Sean. So I think what we said in the last number of calls, and I don't recall if I just said it in my prepared remarks a little bit ago, but I think maybe in my prepared remarks this time around, I talked about health care and packaging kind of strong double-digit growth. And I think, in the past number of calls, I called out kind of a 20% to 25% annual growth rate from, say, '16 to '19 or '20. I didn't exclude those numbers on purpose. I mean, I still think 20% to 25% CAGR to healthcare and packaging is where we're at, certainly, through '19 and potentially '20. Sean, we intentionally don't break out healthcare and packaging at the moment for a variety of reasons. I do think that one of the things I've been talking to Forbes and Beth and Adam about is the last time we did do an Investor Day was coming up on, call it, /18 months ago. I think that there's just a lot of good stuff going on in the company. And we're giving thought to putting together another Investor Day. Let's see if we pull that together, and if we do, I think at that point in time, we'll add a little bit more color around healthcare and packaging. But again, today, we don't break that out.
Sean Hannan: Okay. Nice job on the overall diversification by the way within DMS. Just want to switch over to EMS and for the follow-up question. The efforts that you have underway that are driving the step-up in growth, you laid out a number of different market segments. There are a fair number of them. And it was surprising to hear such a material, I guess, up-shift in the growth expectations for EMS one quarter to the next, particularly given where the magnitude of revenues are that you are already doing today. So just trying to understand a little bit better. How did that materialize so quickly? How do we think about then what's been called from the opportunity set? And what also might remain in terms of bringing in new business as we progress through the year? I don't know if there's anything that's really been kind of pulled forward here, what have you. Just trying to understand that dynamic because, I think, it's a pretty big step.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I'm a little embarrassed by it because, on one hand, I'm pounding the drum with Forbes on we're driving for a less volatility, more predictability, and we are. And I do think, if you just watch this play out for the next couple years, that's what you'll see. It's a little bit surprising to us, and it's really all around acceleration of stuff that we thought might happen in the back half of the year. We're a little bit suspect of it. I thought it might go into '19. And so it's stuff that's been on our radar. It's stuff that, in terms of wins, hit heavier than we thought might in terms of total wins. So it's acceleration. And I kind of scratch my head and say, ' you know what, our structure, our solution-based approach, one of the things the team has done is they - that's approaching a $12 billion business for us. And one of the things the leadership team has done there is they've kept that $12 billion of business really broken up in appropriate smaller bites. And those individual teams really have pulled together wonderful domain expertise, and they've just gone after these markets in a way that's different than we have in the past. And again, touch wood with our scale and all of our solutions, it seems to be working. So I'll take it while we can get it.
Forbes Alexander: Sean, if I may add. Mark referenced earlier some of the smaller tuck-in acquisitions that we've done. And I think those are really starting to bear fruit for us. And allowing our EMS teams to sell and engage customers in higher value-add content and engineering. And we've been very deliberate over the last 24 months about where we're looking and quite rebuilding those capabilities across the company.
Sean Hannan: Well, it's great. Congratulations. Thanks very much for the color, folks.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner [Deutsche Bank]. Your line is open.
Sherri Scribner: Hi. Thanks. A lot of my questions have been answered, but I was hoping to get a little more detail on the model, Forbes. If you look at the interest expense line, it ticked up. Can you give us some sense of where you think that number should be given the changes that you made to your debt structure? And then thinking about the tax rate, 28% seems higher than what you've guided to before. What type of tax rate should we think about on a go-forward basis? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, of course. This past quarter, you're absolutely correct, the interest rate was higher. This quarter, what was also included in there was, I think, it was about $2.5 million with associated with essentially prepaying our bonds, as we swapped those bonds out. So that's a onetime negative event, if you will, to the interest rate there. So as we go forward, I'd model $38 million to $39 million a quarter, which is where we've typically been running. And then on the tax rate, next quarter, a little bit higher than we've been seeing and that's just based on the mix of earnings. We have some tax-advantaged structures in Asia, and obviously, that's an investment quarter for us in Q3 as we ramp within our Green Point operations. Hence, we start to see little bit higher tax rates in the third fiscal quarter, and that should attenuate a little bit as we work through the end of the year. For fiscal '19, we'll see where that lands, but I'd suggest modeling at 26 type rate for the full fiscal year at this point in time.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, great. And then just the distressed customer charge that you saw this quarter. Can you give us more detail? And is that something that you expect to be ongoing? Or is that just this quarter? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, that's a onetime event. That's associated with disengagement with Jawbone [ph] So yes, we shouldn't see anything else attributed to that.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]. Your line is open.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. Mark, typically, the third quarter is an investment quarter for the mobility segment, and then you have ramps in the third and the fourth quarter. Do you think this year your investments and the ramp can be easier for you than you've had in prior years, and the investment can be lower than what you've had to do in prior years?
Mark Mondello: You know, what, you're really, really knowledgeable in the areas where we tend to do a lot of technical ramps in 3Q, and none of them are ever easy. So I wish they were. But I think, again, some of the financial impact, if you look at - I don't know, if I just use rough numbers, I think last 3Q in DMS, we broke about even at a DMS line level. If you assume and the revenue we gave you in the slide deck today that - let's assume EMS is about the same margin structure as it was in 3Q of '17, you're back into some decent profits on a relative basis for the third quarter. If you go back to the 3Q of '16, if I remember right, I think we lost money at an enterprise level for DMS in '16. We broke about even last year. But I think we'll make some good profits this year, and I think some that's a sign of healthcare packaging and then general diversification within Green Point. But the task at hand, the investments that we're making, especially around the mobility sector, are still pretty challenging. And I look forward to seeing how we do because it's a good business for us.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And thanks for the color on that. And then just on the EMS side. So it looks like, like you said, I mean, for the full year, you'll probably grow double of what you have thought, maybe 7% year-on-year. How should we think about that going forward into fiscal /19 and '20? I mean, you're seeing strength in so many different end markets, but is that sustainable into the next couple of years?
Mark Mondello: We haven't talked much about '19. If I had to flip a coin right now, I'd say, the top line, that's not sustainable. I think that you have things where the stars align. And to think we can take a $12 billion EMS business and grow it at 6%, 7%, 8% year-on-year, I doubt that's going to happen But boy, oh, boy, am I pleased with what's in front of us. And we'll see what '19 holds, and maybe we'll talk more about that in the June call.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for the color on that. And my last question for Forbes. I mean, if you can just give us some color on free cash flow for this year and next year. And in general, it's been a while since you've had a dividend increase. So any thoughts on that? I mean, what would be your preference in terms of M&A versus increasing the dividend versus buyback, so in general, capital allocation preferences?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. And so in terms of free cash flows, I stand by what we talked about in our Analyst Day of late '16. So over that '16, '17 - excuse me, '17, '18 and '19, generating $3.5 billion of operational cash flow. I think we're firmly on track there. CapEx of about $1.8 billion. So $1.7 billion of free cash flows. We committed to return $1 billion through capital allocation through '18 again firmly on track. So as Mark answered to an earlier question, we'll continue to work through our thinking then. Our acquisitions, as Mark noted, are tuck-in nature. I'd like that approach. We're seeing growth as a result, engineering capability. So as we move forward, we'll take a look at that. In terms of dividend specifically, I think for anything meaningful there, it'd be a significant move-up. And certainly, I am more of a preference of stock repurchases back. And I think our cash flows could certainly continue to support a capital allocation policy, but more on that in the second half of fiscal year.
Mark Mondello: Yes, maybe I could comment. On the one thing I'd like about what we're doing at the moment is, A, I think it's very reflective of the strength of cash flows because we're able to run the business in, I think, a very prudent way. We're able to give some money back to shareholders. And again, if nothing crash and burns in front of us, the outlook is quite good. So right now, I guess, leaning more towards the share buybacks based on where the share price is. And the other, you get a bit of a benefit there because if hypothetically, we like the way the future looks, it's a good time to lean into the buybacks. And at some point in time, if the share price were to normalize, maybe align with how we think the business is going to turn out the next couple of years, then maybe we lean back into the dividend. But the nice thing is at that point in time, we'd be paying a dividends on less shares. So I think, all around, I like our approach with what we're doing in M&A. I like our approach with organic investments. And at this point in time, I have a preference towards the share buybacks.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Thanks for all the details. And congrats again on the quarter and the guide.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva [Citi]. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you very much. It's Jim Suva from Citi. On the CapEx for this year, is it still on the same dollar amount, but importantly being spent in the same direction? The reason why I asked is - or allocation. The reason I asked is it sounds like your packaging business is really getting better strength than anticipated. And as we look ahead, should we start to build in some more support from CapEx in that allocation? Or how should we think about that? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim. I think what we said, either Forbes I or both of us as we came into the year, the CapEx would be about 700. I think that number still feels about right. And I think, in general, our CapEx today that we're spending is probably as equally spread and diversified across the business than it's ever been. So I don't know if that's where you're going with a question. Certainly, packaging and healthcare are part of that, as well as a number of various in EMS. And I think on the EMS side, the revenue would reflect that. And on the healthcare and packaging side, if they're growing at 20%, 25% they need a bit of capital as well.
Jim Suva: Yes, that's exactly the answer to the question. And then my follow-on, though, is with that strength in both your new program or wins of EMS and your packaging strength you're seeing, do we need to start to earmark some more money to support those or your current plans can support that growth for the foreseeable future?
Mark Mondello: I'll answer it in two parts. Number one is I think the 700 is good for this year. We haven't talked about CapEx for next year yet, so we'll get to that later in the year. In terms of the makeup of CapEx, if I go back to, say, fiscal '15 or '16, I think a large percentage of our CapEx at that point in time and maybe even as far back as '14 was concentrated around maybe single programs. Today, if you were to prioritize [ph] the CapEx for '17, and I imagine the same will hold true for this year and '19, you'd see a fairly equally spread, widespread spread pareto [ph] of the CapEx. So the CapEx makeup today and next year looking much different than it did maybe back in fiscal '14, '15 and even '16.
Jim Suva: Great. Thanks so much for the details and clarifications. It's greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Milunovich [ph] Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Thejes [ph] on for Steve Milunovich. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the new program wins in EMS. You mentioned winning in markets that aren't necessarily growing. I guess, optical fits into that. I was hoping you could give a little bit more color on that. And second, one of your competitors has been saying that medical companies are outsourcing less. Is that something you're seeing?
Mark Mondello: So maybe I misspoke. I don't think I said that our wins in EMS were solely in markets that weren't growing. I think maybe I gave a two-part response to an earlier question. One part of my response is we absolutely are seeing strength in EMS and new program wins in areas of the market that are growing. But then we do have the benefit of - in maybe areas of or end markets that we serve in our EMS business that might not be growing or flat, we're fortune enough to pick up share. So again, when I look at the pareto [ph] and the makeup of the increase in revenue from '17 to '18, pretty broad based and it's kind of what I would expect based on our approach for that business.
Unidentified Analyst: And on medical? Are you seeing them outsource less?
Mark Mondello: We've not seen much of a change in terms of medical outsourcing one way or the other.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of [indiscernible] Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking my question Just one about the long-term DMS margin targeted range of 5% to 7%. I guess, how should we think about it? Is there a target revenue rate above which you think the segment would be in that 5% to 7% range or maybe a mix of mobility versus non-mobility?
Mark Mondello: So I am still hell-bound on getting our DMS margins to the 5% range. And I know I've been banging on the drum on that for a couple of years. I think what we're doing in terms of serving all the different markets in that market quite well. I'm still confident we're going to get there. So I think I don't remember when I said it. But I think I said either in the June call or the September call, I said something about - I thought we'd get to the 5% range the first half of '18. I think we missed that by, I don't know, $10 million, $12 million, and never thought we'd get there for the whole year. But I still think the 5% to 7% range long-term for DMS is something that we're shooting for.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. And on your CapEx of $700 million, how much of that would you say is maintenance versus expansionary?
Mark Mondello: Maintenance, roughly 250, something on 250, 300.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you so much for the color.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Presenters, you may continue.
Beth Walters: Thank you very much for everyone for joining us today for our fiscal Q2 results. Please feel free to reach out to us with any follow-up questions that you may have. And now we'll let everyone get back to watch madness. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-12-16 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Tindle - Raymond James Thejeswi Venkatesh - UBS  Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Fox - Cross Research Matt Sheerin - Stifel Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Jim Suva - Citi Adrienne Colby - Deutsche Bank  Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Paul Chung - JP Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Jabil's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations.
Beth Walters: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter of fiscal year 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our first quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our Forward-looking Statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2018 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company, and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risk and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with Mark, with his comments on our outlook for the business in fiscal 2018. Forbes will follow with comments on our first fiscal quarter results and guidance for our second quarter of 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions from our call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. I always appreciate everyone taking time to join our call. I'll begin by thanking our folks here at Jabil for their continued dedication and commitment. I'd also like to extend my sincere gratitude to each and every employee here at Jabil for making safety their personal priority. You see, keeping people safe is Job 1 in all we do. And finally, I'd like to wish each of you a peaceful and blessed holiday season. Now let's take a look at our first quarter results. The quarter was excellent as the team delivered $227 million in core operating income on revenues of approximately $5.6 billion, resulting in core earnings per share of $0.80. For me, these results further illustrate the strength and diversification of Jabil's income, especially when paired with our outlook for the balance of the year. I'm pleased with the quarter and the nice start to fiscal 2018. As customary, Forbes will provide more detail around our results during his prepared remarks. I'd now like to address current business at hand, starting with our EMS segment. Jabil's EMS team is driving a progressive transformation, advancing their methods in which they serve a broad range of end markets. Markets such as energy, industrial, print and retail, automotive, semi-cap equipment, networking telecom and data storage. A key element of the transformation is the deliberate pivot towards higher-margin businesses, as the team leverages engineering excellence and deep domain know-how day in and day out. In short, this is what we refer to as EMS 2.0. Clearly, our EMS value proposition has taken hold. Our team has done an outstanding job performing to plan, seeing core operating margins approach 4% for the year, while showing revenue growth of 3.5% year-on-year. It's good news all the way around. Next, I'll move to our DMS segment, starting with our high-growth health care and packaging businesses. These two businesses continue to grow at a rate of 20% to 25% per year through fiscal 2019, a true testament to our health care and packaging teams as they play squarely in areas undergoing material disruption. Examples of the disruption being the urgent demand for affordable health care and the convergence of intelligent yet fully reliable consumer packaging. Both examples being relevant to Jabil's story. I feel good about the outlook we see across both of these businesses as our health care and Consumer packaging teams create specialized solutions through the use of new technologies and digital innovation. Lastly, but certainly not least, let's talk about the remaining commercial sector within our DMS segment, Jabil's Green Point business. Looking back at the first quarter, our team successfully supported numerous program ramps, demonstrating good execution and cost controls, while navigating complicated processes at extreme scale. As we've highlighted for the past 24 months, the income generated within our Green Point business is becoming more and more diversified, diversified across a wider range of technologies and hardware platforms. In concluding my comments specific to our Green Point business, we're now seeing more and more intricate assembly and automation required, as an integral complement to our precision mechanics expertise, resulting in solutions which are directly in Jabil's wheelhouse. I'll now take a few minutes and address the company at an enterprise level, starting with second quarter guidance. Our 2Q guidance suggests another strong quarter, a quarter of 25% core EPS growth year-on-year and a quarter which would complete a very solid first half to the fiscal year. Moreover, we anticipate that core EPS for the second half of fiscal 2018 to grow 20% to 25% year-on-year when indexed against the back half of fiscal 2017. The result, I believe, will be core earnings in the neighborhood of $2.60 a share for fiscal year 2018. As we focus on cash flows and earnings, our leadership team remains steadfast in their commitment to complete our two-year capital return framework, where we remain on target to return $1 billion to shareholders by way of stock repurchases and dividends by the end of this fiscal year. If we widen our aperture and expand the view of our time horizon from two years to a three-year time window, encompassing fiscal year 2017 through fiscal year 2019, what we see is highly encouraging: projected revenue growth of 4% to 5% a year, core EPS growth of 16% to 20% per year, and cumulative cash flow from operations of $3.5 billion over this three-year time period. Again, fiscal year 2017 through fiscal year 2019. On top of all this, we're investing heavily for our future, investing in the areas of material sciences, additive manufacturing, automation and robotics, and various digital platforms, just to name a few. These investments are planned and executed with a sense of purpose, underpinning our belief for success, a belief that when successful, implies a compounded growth rate north of 15% for Jabil's core earnings per share from fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2019. Before I hand the call over to Forbes, a few parting thoughts. Shareholders remain at the forefront of our actions. To this end, we believe in what we're doing, and we have a credible plan based on sound assumptions and historical data, much of which I've shared in today's prepared remarks. Our leadership team remains confident, confident because we continue to make a real difference as we strengthen our wonderful portfolio of businesses. At Jabil, we're helping make the world and the communities in which we work, better, healthier, and safer. And today, we have the infrastructure, the ingenuity and the talent, which offer us a real opportunity to become the most technologically advanced manufacturing solutions company in the world. As I think about this ambitious goal, I think about an impactful quote from British novelist C. S. Lewis. Mr. Lewis said, "Isn't it funny how day by day nothing much changes, but when you look back over time, so much is different." Isn't this so true in life? It's certainly true here at Jabil, where our team is authoring change, change that I believe is proving to be quite positive. Thank you, and happy holidays to all. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd ask you to turn to Slide 3, where I'll review our first quarter fiscal 2018 results. Net revenue for the first quarter was $5.6 billion, growth of 9% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $146 million, with GAAP net income of $64 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share was $0.35 for the quarter. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, business interruption, restructuring and related charges, was $227 million, and represented 4.1% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.80. Now turning to Slide 4, I'll discuss our first quarter segments. Revenue from our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment was $2.7 billion, an increase of 13% on a year-over-year basis and in line with previous guidance. This represented 49% of total company revenue. Operating income for the quarter was 5.2%. Our Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue was $2.9 billion, an increase of 6% on a year-over-year basis and represented 51% of total company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 3%. Net capital expenditures for the first fiscal quarter totaled $198 million. Net capital expenditures for the full fiscal year remain on track with our previous expectations of $700 million. As anticipated, our first quarter was characterized by expansion of working capital and as a result, cash flows used in operations were $54 million. Cash flows from operations for the full fiscal year continue to be expected in excess of $1 billion. Our core return on invested capital for the quarter was 21%, an improvement of some 340 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Core EBITDA for the quarter was approximately $412 million, representing 7.4% of revenue. Our total debt to EBITDA levels at the end of the quarter were 2x, while cash balances were $746 million. I'd like to quickly address our capital return framework. This framework remains a key focus. Our plans to return 40% of cash flows from operations via dividends and share repurchases, up to a maximum of $1 billion, very much remains on track. In the first quarter, share repurchases were $93 million. And since the inception of our capital return framework, we've repurchased 20.3 million shares at an average price of $24.28, totaling $493 million. At the end of the quarter, $357 million remains outstanding on our current stock repurchase authorization. Turning to our restructuring plan. Our restructuring activity remains on track. During the quarter, we recorded approximately $11 million associated with this activity. We anticipate conclusion of this plan and charges of approximately $35 million during fiscal 2018, and full savings associated with this plan of $70 million to $90 million continues to remain on track to be fully realized commencing fiscal 2019. Turning to our operations in Puerto Rico. As I discussed on our September earnings call, our operations in Puerto Rico suffered significant damage as a result of Hurricane Maria. Ongoing recovery activities continue, and I'm pleased to advise that late in the first quarter, we saw and we continue to see some limited operational activity taking place. In the first quarter, we recorded net charges of $7 million being cost of recovery and repair offset by insurance proceeds. We continue to await final assessments of damage, and we expect majority of all such costs to be recovered from insurance proceeds during the full fiscal year. I'd now like to turn to our second quarter fiscal 2018 outlook, which can be found on Slide 5. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 25% on a year-over-year basis to approximately $2.2 billion, while the Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue is expected to increase 1% on a year-over-year basis, to $2.7 billion. We expect total company revenue in the second quarter to be in the range of $4.75 billion to $5.05 billion or an increase of almost 10% to the midpoint of the range on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $160 million to $200 million, with a core operating margin in the range of 3.4% to 4%. Core earnings per share were estimated to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.74 per diluted share, and GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.31 to $0.57 per diluted share. And finally, the tax rate on core earnings in the second quarter is estimated to be 23%. The rate for the second half of the year is estimated to be in the range of 26% to 27%. And thus, the full fiscal year estimated to be 26% based on current levels of forecasted income. Thank you, and I'd now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Thanks, Forbes. As we begin our Q&A session, I would like to remind all of our call participants that, in customary fashion, we will not be able to address any customer or product specific questions. So, thank you very much for your cooperation in advance. Operator, we're ready for the Q&A session.
Operator: Certainly [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes the line of Adam Tindle of Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Okay thanks and good evening. Just wanted to start on your fiscal 2018 EPS guidance. It seems to imply a similar shape as last year in terms of first half versus second half percentage weights of total EPS. Maybe just help us understand how you're thinking about the cadence of this year versus last year, because I think, if we think about last year, about 75% of total DMS profit dollars came in the first half of last year. And I think there was some hope that this year might be a little bit more linear. So, any comments on the cadence of first half versus second half? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Adam, thanks for the question. So, I don't know if you're speaking solely for the whole company or one of the segments. I think, if you looked up - and I don't remember the exact numbers, right, but in fiscal year 2017, our first half was about $360 million, I think, in profits, and the first half this year was quite a bit stronger, over $400 million, if we hit guidance as suggested today. So, kind of first half to first half 2017 to 2018 will probably be up in the ballpark of 15%, and then, second half of 2017 to second half of 2018. Again, if you kind of take the $2.60, extrapolate out what the back half looks like, second half to second half, I think, also, will be up about 15%.
Adam Tindle: Okay. That's helpful. I wanted to ask also, Mark, on the capital return program. I understand you're committed to the two-year return program. You certainly delivered thus far. You've also outlined some exciting growth opportunities ahead. So, as you think beyond the fiscal 2018, when this commitment ends, how are you thinking about the balance between investing in these new areas versus returning cash?
Mark Mondello: So, I'm always bullish on investing, and cash flows, when we - I think we put this plan in place in June of 2016, we did so because we felt like over the two-plus years, we had enough cash flow to make investments required, which for me is kind of a Number 1 priority, and still return a substantial amount of our cash flows to investors. We'll have conversations with our board, both in the upcoming January board meeting, and then, the April board meeting. And as we move through the year, either on the March call or the June call, you can expect additional color and detail around what capital returns might look like in fiscal year 2019 and 2020.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And just to clarify, for fiscal 2018, I think, before, you were talking about CapEx in the neighborhood of $700 million, but it's annualized a little bit higher than that. Is $700 million still the right way to think about fiscal 2018 CapEx?
Forbes Alexander: Hi, Adam, this is Forbes. Yes. $700 million is where we're targeting. A little bit heavier in the first quarter, but it's following a similar pattern to last year. So, $700 million. I think, I'd just also add, in terms of the overall cash flows, what we outlined at our Analyst Day, just over a year ago, was expectations generate about $3.5 billion of operational cash flow over fiscal year 2017, 2018 and 2019. So that's still very much in play. So, I think we have plenty of liquidity, plenty of cash generation as we move forward here to both support shareholder returns and investments for growth.
Adam Tindle: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Steve Milunovich, UBS.
Tejas Venkatesh: Thanks. This is Tejas Venkatesh on for Steve Milunovich. I want to ask about the Green Point and your efforts to diversify there. In our supply chain checks, we constantly hear of new Asian competition to deliver casings. How concerned are you? And then, maybe you could speak to the diversification efforts there?
Mark Mondello: We're always concerned about competition, but we have been for the last 25 years. So - and that's kind of across the whole company. I don't know. I'd just be careful in kind of maybe what you hear, and try to differentiate kind of fact from fiction. But as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we're doing an awfully good job across our Green Point business, in terms of diversification. And I forget the words I used, but that's in technologies and different hardware products and platform.
Tejas Venkatesh: And across customers? And new customers as well?
Mark Mondello: Yes. New customers for sure.
Tejas Venkatesh: Okay. And as a follow up, could you talk about what drove strength in EMS this quarter? There's a lot in there.
Mark Mondello: Well, we had good strength in terms of revenue. I would suggest that we had slight weakness for EMS in Q1. We thought Q1 EMS would be in 3.1% to 3.2% range in terms of op margins. I think we printed a 3.0, and that was due to we've got a lot of moving parts as you heard in my prepared remarks, and I didn't cover all of them. But the end markets and the businesses inside of EMS encapsulate a large number of end markets, and probably, I don't know, 200-plus customers. So overall, really pleased with the quarter. We had a lot of product transitions, product ramps. I would say that op income was maybe off by 10, 20 basis points, which is $5 million, not overly concerning. And areas where we continue to see near-term strength are areas of automotive, energy, semi-cap equipment, and various areas of industrial.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question is on packaging and health care. Mark, I think you talked about 20% to 25% growth over the next three years. Is that an acceleration from what you had said in the past? I think, last quarter you said 20%. So, are the revenues in health care and packaging growing faster than you thought? And then, can you also comment on the margins in that space? Are they well within the 5% to 7% range that you have for DMS?
Mark Mondello: Thanks for the question. So, just to be sure we clarify, what I've commented on in the last three calls, inclusive of this call, is that from, say, fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2019, we see packaging and health care growing at a rate of, say, a 20% CAGR. I think in my prepared remarks a few minutes ago, I said it was 20% to 25%, and that will - we have confidence in that through fiscal year 2019. And again, it's just the overall strength of the business, the disruption of both of those businesses and I think we continue to be very well positioned. In terms of margins, we just - at this point, we just don't break that out as my belief would be as health care and packaging continue to be more and more material, at some point, we might break out those businesses or those sectors.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for the color on that. You said your EMS margins are pretty much on line to get to 4% this year. When we look at the overall guide for the next quarter, it would imply that the DMS margins are a little bit weaker. Is there - is that related to the cost challenges you had in the September quarter? Any color on the DMS margins next quarter would be helpful.
Mark Mondello: No. I wouldn't read too much into that. In my prepared remarks, I think I said something about EMS approaching 4%. So, for the year, I think we're in pretty good shape to hit 3.9%, 4% for the whole fiscal year 2018. If you take our guide, we've kind of guided revenue, but we haven't really guided specific percentages. But I would envision Q2 of 2018 versus Q2 of 2017 to be very close in terms of op margin. I didn't talk about it too much on this call, but the last call I talked about EMS kind of top line bottom line year-on-year 2017 to 2018 growing about 3%. We're seeing revenue maybe slightly stronger than that. I think, today, I said revenue would grow closer to 3.5%, and the shape of the year would be similar to last year, and that still holds.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks for the color on that. That's helpful. And last question for me, for Forbes, I think you've guided the tax rate for next quarter to 23% versus 26% guide for this quarter. Anything happening on the tax rate? And how should we think about the tax rate for the full year?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. So, for the full year, Ruplu, I'd ask you to model 26% type rate. So not dissimilar to what I said 90 days ago. What we're seeing is a shift in the mix of earnings from tax advantaged areas quarter-by-quarter, a little bit different than I expected at the start of the year. So, 23% in Q2, and then you'll see it come back up to that 26%, 27% in the second half of the year, averaging out at 26% for the full-year.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thanks and congrats on the quarter.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox, Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if you'd talk a little bit more about, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, Mark, about some specialized solutions that are helping growth in CPS and Nypro. Is there any other color you can provide exactly what you meant by that? And then, I had a quick follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Well, it's certainly around sensors. It's certainly around the digital platforms we're creating. It's certainly around some material sciences, and it's certainly around the way that we're running the factories, both with packaging and health care. I think that the one good news, Steve, on kind of a macro basis is our observations are that the overall health care wellness area is going through, again, a bit of a disruption, where people are just adamant about what I would say maybe fair health care services at a much better price point. And that leans perfectly into kind of what we do for a living if you combine our capabilities with our cost structure and our solutions. On the packaging side, we're seeing, again, a lot of disruption going on. If you think about somebody like Amazon coming into the retail space, you think about how Millennials are acquiring just about everything. Intelligent packaging and then, the way the exterior of the package looks, the shape of the package, the protection of the package, that's all changing, and I think, again, in large favor to what we do really, really well. So again, for the last 2, 2.5 years, we've been banging the drum pretty hard and pretty bullish in those two areas. And again, that's still holds today, and we think will hold certainly through fiscal 2019 and hopefully through fiscal year 2020.
Steven Fox: Great. That's really helpful. And then, just as a quick follow up, a little bit embarrassed to ask this, since I was so bullish on the EMS margins last quarter. But the slight disappointment in the EMS margins, you're saying that it's nothing unusual during the quarter. It was just a little bit here, a little bit there, and you wouldn't call out anything specifically. Is that clear? Is that the right way to look at it?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I wouldn't worry about that. It's $5 million, $6 million, and not to make light of $5 million, $6 million, but all of that business, if we kind of shake it up and looking at it holistically, is in good shape for the year.
Steven Fox: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin, Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks and good afternoon. Just a question regarding the DMS guidance for up 25% or so year-over-year. That implies better than seasonality if you look historically. And I know there's product cycle going on right now. Just trying to figure out how much of that is due to specific product cycles or the diversification that you talked about, particularly at Green Point, where you're seeing opportunities across customers in product sets.
Mark Mondello: Yes. So, I think it's a combination of maybe a change in - maybe a change in what historically has been seasonality in parts of that business, and the other part of that is health care packaging, and then, kind of staggered overall program launches, as well as the diversification. So, if I try to think about the strength, I think it cuts across all three or four areas. The DMS business today, and this is what gets kind of tricky and maybe frustrating for the investment community, is the business, it's just so hard to kind of compare it even to two years ago because our DMS business, the way it's shaped and looks today, as well as the overall content of that business, it's just - it's changed significantly, and I think it will change even more over the next two years.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. That's helpful. And just a follow-up for Forbes. Regarding the guidance of roughly $2.60 in EPS for fiscal 2018. Does that include or assumption for the buyback, the remaining $360 million or so in share repurchases?
Forbes Alexander: It does, Matt. Yes. Assume that, that $450 million is consumed by the end of August.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, and happy holidays.
Forbes Alexander : Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani, RBC Capital.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Thanks for taking my question guys. I guess two for me. One, maybe to follow-up on Matt's question. The DMS guide that you guys are implying for Feb is down less than what it typically is. A lot of companies in the supply chain, I guess, at our Big Apple exposure have talked about seasonality kind of getting pushed out one quarter. For Mark, I mean, do you think there's a point where, maybe, the May quarter numbers in DMS will be down more than what historical seasonal patterns are because of that push out? Or that doesn't seem to be the case from what you guys see so far?
Mark Mondello: Well, you're right. The decline - if you look sequentially Q1 of 2017 to Q2 of 2017, and you compare that Q1 of 2018 to Q2 of 2018, our guide would suggest a much smaller decline, that's true. I just think, again, when you think about our diversification, I think you got to think through when you're talking about market data, market data according to what? What customers? What products? What end markets? Again, our DMS business overall continues to become more diversified. It does encapsulate health care and packaging. And then, within, say, the mobility space and the consumer lifestyle space, our business, again, continues to change both based on what we're doing internally, products that we're on, and then, some external changes to the shape of the end markets. So again, it's just - I hate to say this, but it's true. It's just - it's getting harder and harder to compare kind of year-on-year.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. I guess, just on the EMS side, to shift gears. You mentioned a couple of times, I guess the way you ran the math was op margins and EMS will go from 3% in November to, call it, 3.7% in Feb. I think you said it will be flat year-over-year, if I'm not mistaken. Just help me understand, how do you get to that margin expansion? Because I don't think revenues are going to go up that dramatically for you guys, in the Feb quarter, on a sequential basis. So, what enabled the 60, 70 basis points of margin expansion, when the revenue tailwind isn't there?
Mark Mondello: I'll try to think through the math in my head. So, stick with me. I think we just printed 3% in EMS for Q1. I said that Q2 of 2018 would be similar to 2017, so what we'd be looking at is 3.6%, 3.7% on the op margin line. If you compare what we just said in terms of our guide for Q2 of 2018 for EMS, the revenue looks awfully familiar to the revenue in Q2 of 2017. So again, as you can imagine, our teams running this large, $11 billion-plus, $12 billion business. There's a lot of moving parts in terms of cost and investments. So that's all it is. In terms of the strength, the bullishness of the business, I bring it back to 3, 3.5 years ago, we were running that business at 2%, 2.5% margins. And this year we're going to be bouncing right up against 4%. So again, I wouldn't read too much into the quarter-on-quarter numbers for the year. That business remains very healthy.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And just a final one, I'll cede the floor. Forbes, how do we think about your tax rate with the potential passage of tax reform at this point? Is there a way to think about what the structural rate could look like, if this tax bill gets through?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. So structurally, little impact if we do see these changes suggesting to on the corporate rate, 21%. We're not a big U.S. taxpayer. Most of our operations are out of the country. So, no structural change there. I think, where the opportunity lies, is when we look at cash repatriation on a forward-looking basis. So clearly, all in favor of that and a territorial system. And so hopefully, we'll hear more about this in the coming weeks.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva, Citi.
Jim Suva: Thanks so much. You gave a lot of details on the presentation and questions. So, I guess I'll switch and not focus on DMS, but rather on EMS. It looks like you had a better-than-expected quarter for the November quarter with, I think, revenues were up around 6% year-over-year. Can you give any insights about kind of what end markets or where the strength in EMS came from? And then, it's interesting to note, if I read your slides correctly, it looks like the February outlook is for up 1%. So, a bit of a deceleration from this quarter. Can you kind of help us bridge the strength to a bit of a deceleration?
Mark Mondello: Sure, Jim. So again, so many moving parts as I've said before, kind of hard, always, to put this in 90-day buckets. If I think about commentary for EMS the last couple of calls, been pretty bullish on the growth rate, both top and bottom line. Took the revenue number up a little bit higher. So, I think last call I said that EMS top line would be up around 3%. I think, in today's prepared remarks, I said that might be closer to 3.5%. In terms of 1Q, it's just the business performed extremely well. Again, the reason we were off, maybe, 10, 20 basis points on margin is a lot of product ramps, transitions, which drove the strength in revenue. And you're correct, I think, 1Q of 2018 compared to Q1 of 2017, it was up about 6%. And then, Q2 of 2018, Q2 of 2017. It's up, I would just say, marginally to flat. But if I take a look at kind of the first half of 2018 versus the first half of 2017 and you blend all that together, I think EMS will be up a little over 3% first half to first half. And then, the back half, I would imagine, would be about the same. And again, aggregate all that up, I think revenue for the year will be up around 3.5% for EMS as a whole. In terms of where we're seeing strength, I commented earlier. Certainly, automotive energy a bit across some of our industrial businesses, and then semi-cap equipment, and I could add 3 or 4 other sectors on to that, but it's fairly modest so that's right. I think some of the strengths coming from, if I look at it, on an annual basis.
Jim Suva : Thanks so much for all the details and happy holidays.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, you as well Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Sherri Scribner, Deutsche Bank.
Adrienne Colby: Hi, it's Adrienne Colby for Sherri. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering, within the EMS segment, if you could comment on the trends you're seeing in legacy storage and server business as well as trends in your cloud-related business?
Mark Mondello: I would say that we're seeing areas of kind of neutral to softness across some storage platforms. In terms of overall kind of hyper cloud and cloud data storage, certainly stronger than in the areas of kind of legacy data storage, if that's helpful.
Adrienne Colby: It is. Thanks. And as a follow up, I was wondering, in the quarter, you talked about opening two new Blue Sky innovations, I think one in Singapore and one in Italy. Just wondering if you could talk about the strategy for those centers, how you're - how many you're planning to have. What the startup costs are? And your expectations in terms of areas that these centers will be focusing on?
Mark Mondello: Probably won't get into that detail. I would say that as a corporation, we - our Blue Sky Innovation Center for the - for kind of the globe is in San Jose. We had such a great acceptance in reaction to what we're doing in San Jose. That various business sectors have opened up what I would call kind of working development centers in different geographies, so that's all that is, whether it be Italy, whether it be Spain, Singapore. So, the main innovation Blue Sky Center for customers, that kind of holistically captures the theme and the pedigree of the whole company is San Jose. The other, what we'd characterize as Blue Sky centers are really more working R&D labs, and the work that they're doing cuts across various sectors of the business.
Adrienne Colby : Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan, Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan: Yeah, thanks. Good evening folks. Nice work on the results and the guide here. So, really just one question for me. I think that, Mark, you had referenced some expansion of services that you had in the Green Point business. So, I wanted to see if there is a way you can expand upon the nature of those services and the nature of application.
Mark Mondello: I'll try. So, I think the reason I put that in my prepared remarks, Sean, is differentiating Green Point from the rest of DMS. I think that there is a lot of conversation going on around Green Point being maybe expert and heavily weighted towards mechanics and machining, precision mechanics, to be specific, and that's largely true. But as we expand across different product platforms, as we expand across customers, as we expand across different end markets within Green Point, we're seeing a lot more intricate assembly coming in to complement the precision mechanics, and that's really good for us. We're very, very good at precision mechanics, and - but we have a long, long history of complicated intricate assembly work, so the two of those complementing each other is a good story for Jabil.
Sean Hannan: Okay. So, from an application standpoint, though, can you expand on that a little bit more in terms of the relevance to, let's say, handset markets or further expansion into other types of markets and products?
Mark Mondello: Yes. So, I'll just give you some hypotheticals. You know we play in the handset space, and I won't say anything more than that on the handset space. But you think about what's going on with augmented reality, virtual reality, you think about what's happening with the density and the package miniaturization with optics and cameras, and then we have a whole - we have kind of a whole - people forget about our Consumer lifestyle business, and people also forget about the fact that there's a lot of other mobile products out there other than handsets. So that will give you kind of an idea of the different areas we're playing in.
Sean Hannan: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Have a great holiday.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Mark Delaney, Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first question, just trying to get a higher-level perspective, Mark, what you're seeing in terms of macroeconomic trends. I know you talked a little bit about what you're seeing in EMS and maybe some broader industrial pickup. But if you could just talk, maybe, any differences geographically? Or have you seen kind of improved global GDP-type of an environment. Just curious of your thoughts there.
Mark Mondello: Sure, Mark. One thing I feel good about is, whether global GDP is 2.5, 2.8, 3, 3.2, whatever the number might be, I feel really good about the fact that our earnings, if you go off of the basis when we delivered whatever it was, $1.85, $1.86, extrapolate that to last year at $2.10, $2.11, our outlook for this year being $2.60, and next year, something greater than that. We're probably at 4x or 5x global GDP. I feel really, really good about that. In terms of overall macro, as we're traveling around and around the road a lot, it feels like the economy is getting better. I would say that maybe not across the board, I would say we've got some kind of long in the tube legacy businesses that, based on technologies and things like that are maybe slow to slightly declining. But certainly, across the U.S. in our travels, parts of Europe, a little bit in Japan, things just feel a little better. I think we'll see what happens with this tax plan. I don't think anything - I wouldn't think of a significant step function up, but maybe an upward slight glide path over the next couple of years feels about right. And if that happens, that would be outstanding, because the last number of years, we've been fighting some interesting headwinds and getting a little wind in our back for the next couple of years would be great.
Mark Delaney: That's helpful. I had a follow-up question, just on inventory. I know it was up and I think days or maybe similar, but I think inventory dollars were up and just trying - if you could provide some context for why inventory increased.
Forbes Alexander: Yes. You're correct. It was up, I think, $250 million, $300 million. No particular reason. Just if you think about the way our quarter aligns with calendar quarters and such like and Consumer buying season, if you will, so we'll see that correct itself as we move through second quarter, i.e., contract with the quarter end on November and then you still got pull-through in sales in the December period. It's not untypical.
Mark Mondello: I think the other thing - I think the other thing there, Mark, if you just kind of step back and look at everything, if you look at - we've been - certain parts of the component market have been tight. We see that starting to loosen up a little bit. So, we made some buys a little bit early to be sure that we had continuity of supply, but you take a look across the whole company in Q2 of 2017 versus Q2 of 2018, revenue is up quite a bit. And if you just kind of index out to the back half of the year and you look at what our revenues might be relative to the back half of 2017, knock on wood, they'll be up as well. So, I think all that plays into inventories being a little bit fluffy at the moment.
Mark Delaney: If I could just ask a third one. I know NAFTA has been under negotiation for a while, and hasn't been renewed. I mean, do you guys have any conversations about that with your customers? And any kind of contingency planning? Just sort of curious what you guys would do there. Thank you, very much, and happy holidays.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Mark. At this point, no. It - we'll see if that becomes real. I - let's just wait and see what happens there. That would be an issue for a lot of industries and a lot of companies. So, we'll see how that goes. But at the moment, there's not a lot of real conversation going on around that.
Operator: Your next question comes in the line of Paul Coster, JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my question. So, just one quick follow up on Green Point. So, given the ramp up costs are now behind you, can you quantify any scale benefits you expect as we move through the year? And respective impact on margins? And how that carries over to the next product cycle?
Mark Mondello: I would say that we addressed and talked about some of the cost and ramp issues we had going back to the July, August and part of September. Those were all largely behind us, and I think we're in relatively good shape across both DMS and Green Point for the balance of the year.
Paul Chung: Okay. And then, how should - just quickly on, how should we think about stock comp for the rest of the year after the big step up in 1Q and, also, your restructuring charges for the full year?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, let me handle the restructuring charges first. $11 million in Q1, we expect about $35 million for the full year, so $24 million. Probably, I would say, most of that would be the second half of the year, based on current expectations. In terms of stock comp, that will move back to more normal cadence of around $15 million, $16 million a quarter, starting in the second fiscal quarter.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Thank you so much, everyone, for joining us today. Please feel free to reach out with any follow-up questions on the financial results, or clearly, on the outlook of the company. And I'll just reiterate, Mark and Forbes' comments of happy holidays to everyone and enjoy the season. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-09-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP, IR & Communications Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Coster - JPMorgan Matt Sheerin - Stifel Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Adam Tindle - Raymond James Tejas Venkatesh - UBS Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Jim Suva – Citi Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Steven Fox - Cross Research Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Jabil's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 press release, slides and corresponding webcast are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you now follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2018 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, and our other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. On today's call we will begin with an update from Mark followed by fourth quarter results and first quarter 2018 guidance from Forbes. Following our prepared comments, we will open it up to questions and I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. As always, a special thanks to our employees here at Jabil. Each and every day, they serve our customers while keeping our people safe. And speaking of people, I’d like to express my deepest sympathies for those who faced heavy loss caused by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, as well as the numerous earthquakes in Mexico, and around the world. Our hearts and prayers go out to all including some of our very own Jabil family who so negatively impacted their lives especially our team in Puerto Rico. In the face of these tragedies, the type of tragedies that test human character, I am proud to see our people rally together, jump in and with absolutely no questions asked, help those in need across the communities where they work and live.  Now, moving on to our fourth quarter results. We had an excellent quarter. Our EMS segment performed extremely well exceeding our expectations in terms of both revenue and income.  As for our DMS segment, our packaging and healthcare businesses met their lofty goals while our Greenpoint team navigated technically challenged program ramps driving factory costs higher for the quarter to the tune of $16 million to $17 million.  So the good news in all of this, these efforts and events collectively resulted in $0.64 of core earnings per share, which is slightly better than our expectation for the corporation as a whole. Most importantly, this quarter illustrates the strength and diversification of our income and cash flows across the Jabil enterprise. Overall, I am pleased with the quarter, a strong close to a very solid year. Forbes will speak to our forward guidance and highlight more detail around 4Q during his prepared remarks. But first, I’d like to acknowledge and recognize a set of vital accomplishments delivered by our team throughout fiscal year 2017.  The year was a near perfect illustration of what we said a year ago during Jabil’s Investor Day. First, within our EMS segment, we committed to progressive transformation of our approach in solution set, while at the same time, growing income at a pace greater than the end-markets served. We made tremendous progress on both accounts resulting in our EMS core operating margin expanding 50 basis points year-on-year.  Second, in our Healthcare and Packaging businesses, we committed to strong double-digit growth, while helping improve the way in which people live. As we sit today, I check the box on both. Healthcare and Packaging are on track to grow 20% compounded annual growth rate per year through fiscal 2019 becoming quite material to Jabil’s financial performance.  And third, we committed to remain a preeminent precision mechanics provider for the mobility market. We’ve successfully delivered on all three of these strategic objectives while continuing to invest in key technologies that can be leveraged across the markets we serve.  Furthermore, while Forbes was speaking at our Investor Day, he committed to $1 billion in cash flow from operations while establishing a goal of $2.50 per share in free cash flow for fiscal 2017. We achieved both and by a wide margin.  As I wrap up my fiscal 2017 comments, I’d certainly be remiss if I didn’t express my gratitude to our entire Jabil team across all of our functional disciplines who worked so hard and were so integral in driving the company’s success throughout the year. Thank you. As we look ahead to fiscal year 2018, our first quarter guidance suggests a strong start to the year. 90 days ago, I stated that we have a plan to deliver core operating income in the neighborhood of $2.60 a share for fiscal 2018. Today, we stand by that plan as the plan remains grounded by program pipelines currently on our radar.  Add to this, a plan to deliver free cash flow in excess of $2 a share for the year, while we invest in areas that we believe will yield reliable earnings and cash flows in fiscal 2019 and beyond. As we navigate the fiscal year, we intend to leverage the stability of our EMS business, while managing double-digit growth within our DMS segment. Revenue for the corporation should be in the range of $20 billion to $21 billion, growth for our EMS segment should be roughly 3%, and the shape of core income for EMS when comparing the first half of the year to the second half of the year should look very similar to fiscal 2017. And finally, our DMS business, like always, will be dependent on product sell-through.  In summary, we’ve offered first quarter revenue guidance of $5.5 billion, reflecting strength in revenue and market share, again a strong start to fiscal year 2018. In closing, I’d like to offer select thoughts about where I think we are going in fiscal year 2019 and beyond.  At Jabil, our shareholders are squarely at the forefront of our thoughts and actions, and to that end, we believe in what we are doing. We have a credible plan based on sound assumptions and while we typically don’t speak prematurely of our successes, we are confident in our path forward.  Please consider, our plan delivered core earnings of $1.86 per share in fiscal year 2016, and $2.11 per share in fiscal year 2017. Add to this an expected $2.60 a share of core earnings in fiscal year 2018, and a goal to deliver $3 a share of core earnings for fiscal year 2019.  If achieved, this implies a compounded growth rate north of 15% for Jabil’s core earnings per share over this time horizon. But what’s even more impactful is the ever-changing makeup of these earnings.  When we dissect the individual components of future income streams, there is compelling evidence that our diversification will increase establishing what I believe will be even more predictable earnings and cash flows as we move forward. On top of that, we’ll continue to invest and invest heavily for our future. Examples of these investments include additive manufacturing in 3D print, automation and robotics, smart factory and digital platforms, as well as material sciences, just to name a few.  Make no mistake these investments are planned and executed with a sense of purpose and as a result, our belief of success is happening by design. Jabil is an agile, decisive and most efficient operator of our business. We are working hard to construct a fantastic company that’s sustainable for years to come. A company that we believe will be the most technologically advanced manufacturing solutions company in the world. And in doing so, there will be no room for compromise when it comes to keeping our people safe, demonstrating the highest level of respect for the environment, and making real social difference around the world. Jabil’s brand is the brand behind the world’s greatest brands and we are making the world better, safer, healthier, and cleaner. Thank you, and with that I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon everyone. I'd ask you to turn to Slide 3 and 4 where I will review our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2017 results.  Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $5 billion, growth of 13% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $118 million, with a GAAP net income of $46 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.25 for the quarter. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges was $191 million and represented 3.8% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.64. For the full fiscal year, net revenue was $19.1 billion, an increase of 4%. GAAP operating income was $410 million, while GAAP net income was $129 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.69 for the year.  Core operating income for the year excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring and other charges was $667 million and represented 3.9% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share for the year was $2.11.  On Slides 5 and 6, I’ll review our fourth quarter and fiscal year segments. In the fourth quarter, revenue for our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment was $2.15 billion, an increase of 32% on a year-over-year basis and represented 43% of total company revenue.  Operating income for the quarter was 2.5%. Our Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue was $2.87 billion, an increase of 3% on a year-over-year basis; and represented 57% of total company revenue.  Operating income for this segment was 4.8%. The operating income performance in the quarter is a result of program cost recoveries and strength across our EMS portfolio in areas such as automotive, capital equipment and printing.  Turning to the full fiscal year, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment revenue was approximately $8 billion, an increase of 9% on a year-over-year basis and represented 42% of total company revenue. The operating income for this segment was 2.9%.  Our Electronic Manufacturing Services segment revenue is approximately $11.1 billion, relatively consistent on a year-over-year basis representing 58% of company revenue. The operating income for this segment was 3.9%, an improvement of 50 basis points over fiscal year 2016.  For the full fiscal year, we had one customer with revenues in excess of 10%, that being Apple, at 24%. Net capital expenditures for the fourth fiscal quarter totaled $102 million and for the full fiscal year, net capital expenditures were $541 million.  As anticipated, our fourth quarter was characterized by very strong cash flows from operations totaling some $723 million. The cash flows from operations for the full fiscal year being $1.26 billion. Free cash flow or cash flows from operations minus capital expenditures was $715 million for the full year. Core return on invested capital for the fourth quarter was 17.6% and grew by 60 basis points on a year-over-year basis to 15.4% for the full fiscal year. Core EBITDA for the year was approximately $1.4 billion and represented 7.3% of revenue. Total debt-to-EBITDA levels at fiscal year-end were approximately two times and cash balances were $1.19 billion.  Now I’ll take a moment to turn to Slide 7, I’d like to discuss our capital returns framework. Our capital return framework was a key focus as we move to fiscal 2017 and remains so in fiscal 2018. The return framework allowing a return of 40% of cash flows from operation via dividends and share repurchases through fiscal 2018 to a maximum of $1 billion.  During the fourth quarter, we fully utilized the June 2016 authorization to repurchase $400 million worth of shares. Over the life of this authorization, we repurchased some 17.1 million shares at an average price of $23.37.  We also received Board approval during the fourth quarter to repurchase up to an additional $450 million worth of shares through the end of fiscal 2018. To-date, we have returned some $477 million in dividends and share repurchases under this capital return framework and as we look into fiscal 2018, and our operating cash flow forecast, we show return of $2 billion to shareholders at the end of fiscal year 2018.  And I would like to update you on our restructuring alignment plan. Throughout fiscal 2017, we took actions to enhance organizational efficiency and effectiveness. Specifically, headcount reductions across our SG&A cost base are complete and capacity realignment activities and higher cost locations has now commenced and remains on track to occur in the first half of fiscal 2018.  As such, fiscal 2017 saw charges associated with this plan of approximately $160 million, of which $14 million is cash-related. We anticipate conclusion of this plan and charges of approximately $35 million during fiscal 2018. And full savings associated with this plan of $70 million to $90 million remains on track to be fully realized commencing fiscal 2019.  I’d like to now very briefly discuss a recent acquisition that we made. I am pleased to note that on the 1st of September, we acquired the assets of True-Tech, a manufacturing provider of specializing and process-critical, high precision machining, mechanical assembly and clean room assembly for a variety of semiconductor, aerospace and medical customers. This acquisition enables and complements our service offering in the capital equipment marketplace and we welcome a specialized team of some 600 people to Jabil.  Now turning to fiscal 2018. Before discussing the details around our first quarter fiscal 2018 guidance, I’d like to note that our operations in Cayey, Puerto Rico servicing our healthcare customers have received significant damage as a result of Hurricane Maria.  But we are still fully assessing the extent of the impact to our employees and operations, we do anticipate asset write-downs and costs associated with business interruption during the first half of fiscal 2018. We also expect that the majority of such costs shall be offset by insurance coverage.  However the timing of these recoveries should very likely not align by – but all are expected to be within fiscal 2018. Given this, we intend to reflect the impacts of these write-downs and recoveries bode with our core earnings guidance.  Now to the detail of our fiscal 2018 outlook and this can be found on Slide 8. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 13% on a year-over-year basis to $2.7 billion while the Electronic Services segment revenue is expected to increase approximately 3% on a year-over-year basis to $2.8 billion. We expect total company revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 to be in the range of $5.25 billion to $5.75 billion or an increase of almost 8% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $198 million to $258 million with core operating margin in the range of 3.8% to 4.5%.  As a result, core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.65 to $0.91 per diluted share. GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in range of $0.17 to $0.49 per diluted share. The tax rate on core earnings in the first quarter and full fiscal year is currently estimated to be 26% based on current levels of forecasted income.  Capital expenditures for fiscal year 2018 are estimated to be in the region of $700 million, as we make investments to support diversified growth in revenues and income in Healthcare, Packaging, Automotive, Industrial, and capital equipment end-markets, all supported by cash flows from operations in excess of $1 billion.  In closing, we are pleased with our fiscal 2017 performance. Core earnings per share growth of 13%, cash flows from operations in excess of $1 billion, and capital expenditures of $540 million with a returns to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases in the fiscal year of some $370 million. Positive momentum as we move into fiscal 2018. Our growth and diversification strategy continues. Growth and diversification in revenue, income and returns on invested capital, as we focus on delivering core earnings per share of $2.60 in fiscal 2018 on our path to delivering $3 in fiscal 2019.  I’d now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Thank you, Forbes. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I would like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be addressing customer or product-specific questions. Thank you for your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Coster, JPMorgan. 
Paul Coster : Yes, thanks very much for taking my question. I am wondering Mark, whether you’d be kind enough to just give us a little bit of color around this ramp that you are experiencing in Greenpoint and for that matter, as you look out to the full year and the EPS guidance of $2.60, to what extent, what kind of assumptions go into that Greenpoint business please?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Paul. So, I just, as much as I’d love to, I just can’t – I can’t give you a lot of color around any of it other than to say that not much has changed from our planning in 90 days ago other than the fact that, as I said in my prepared remarks the ramp up of products was pretty challenged technically. We had some loaded cost in our factories through 4Q. Some of those cost overruns continued through the month of September. We are back on track as we sit today and the outlook going forward is well aligned with our plan. 
Paul Coster : You also separately told some 20% CAGR for your Healthcare and Packaging business, is this visibility originating in contracts or is it your view of the end-market for those businesses? 
Mark Mondello: It’s both.
Paul Coster : Okay. And then finally, you’ve talked to $2.60 in earnings this year, can you just talk to us a little bit about what leverage you’ve got in the event that the diversified manufacturing business with some stuff outside of your control, what can you do to compensate if that fall short on the revenue line a little bit?
Mark Mondello: Yes, so, I think we’ve done a good job of kind of considering puts and takes. We talked about the $2.60 for fiscal year 2018 90 days ago during the June call as we sit today, not much has really changed. If you think about our guidance for 1Q of 2018, 90 days ago, we kind of felt that would be in the $0.80 range. I think our midpoint that we just provided is about $0.78 at the midpoint.  We clipped a couple pennies off for two reasons, again, we had some cost challenges in the month of September and then, with our healthcare facility down in Puerto Rico, we’ve taken a bit of a conservative approach for 1Q and 2Q in our thinking, but we believe we will recover any of that in the back half.
Paul Coster : Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin of Stifel. 
Matt Sheerin : Yes, thank you. Just following up on that question regarding the operating margin contribution for DMS. As you said, it looks like there is some hiccups here, is that they are going to lead to operating margin in DMS down year-over-year, but as you look through the fiscal year, maybe comment on seasonality of the specialized services of the Greenpoint business, would you expect margins on a year-over-year basis to improve in that business as you get through the fiscal year?
Mark Mondello: So, I don’t think our margins in DMS are going to go down year-on-year. I think 1Q of 2018, even with the business the way it looks today, I think there is a high probability and I think that our midpoint of guide will still be in the 5% to 7% range, probably closer to the 5% range for DMS margins in 1Q and then for the fiscal year we are not going to talk much about Q2, Q3, Q4 for DMS, but I wouldn’t think margins would go down, in fact I think they go up year-on-year for DMS in total. 
Matt Sheerin : Okay, great. And in terms of some of the issues you saw on the technical side, does that impact your allocation with your customer or other suppliers also going through similar issues?
Mark Mondello: Again, I won’t comment on it, but we don’t feel a whole lot different than we did 90 days ago in terms of the big picture throughout DMS. 
Matt Sheerin : Okay, all right. Thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham & Company. 
Sean Hannan: Yes, thanks, can you hear me?
Mark Mondello: We can hear you Sean.
Sean Hannan: Hi folks, thanks for taking the question here. So, the first thing I want to see if I could bring up, if there is a way perhaps, Forbes, if you can walk through in a little bit more detail the contributors to the wide EPS range, I don’t think we’ve seen it this wide in a long time. I am sure we can make some guesses around that and some of this has been alluded to I think during some of the prepared comments, but can you help us to frame and put this in a little bit more context? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Sean, let me jump in on that. So we talked about that internally. I think our range is like $0.65 to $0.91. If you take a midpoint of $0.78 that’s probably plus or minus 15% something like that. That’s not all that unlike other quarters especially Q1 you add to it some of the dynamics going on throughout DMS as well as, again, some of the conservatism about when our Puerto Rico factory will come online.  And if I could add a little color on that, we have great people down there as I said in my prepared remarks, we had about 400, 450 people impacted by Maria. But I recognize with all due respect to them, we have a business to run. It’s not so much about maybe the income that we had in our plan being overly material to the company.  But it’s a little bit about the cost when the cost layer in, and then also any anticipation of disruption from some of our healthcare customers. So, all that when I shake it all up, led to the guidance range that we provided. But again, if you look back to other 1Qs, it’s not all that different. 
Sean Hannan: Okay. And the reason I had asked, it looks like this is a $0.26 range and last year it was about $0.20. But I think the color you provided is understandable and makes sense.
Mark Mondello: I’d also say on a percentage basis, I think last year, we are probably a dime below where we were now. So, in absolute cents or pennies if you will the percentages aren’t all that different.
Sean Hannan: Understood. That’s fair. Okay, and then, as you folks look to the bigger picture of fiscal 2018, without getting too much into the focus around mobility, can you talk about or elaborate a little bit more on the magnitude of where business is coming from in other areas that are providing the diversification that you are speaking to Mark for where the business becomes more predictable and being able to get to that type of an earnings number, because it’s clearly a nice movement forward especially given that, we do have some more questions around on that mobility front. So just trying to understand on the other pieces of the equation, really what’s driving that? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Okay, that was a lot. I’ll take a swing at it and see if Forbes has anything to add. So, the one thing I would agree with you on is, in this environment, taken our results of whatever, 2017 was $2.10, $2.11, extrapolate that out to the $2.60, I think that’s an uptick of 22%, 23%, we feel really, really good about that.  And what I tried to allude to in my prepared remarks is, is it’s not just the uptick in core EPS year-on-year but it’s the makeup of the earnings. I think, one of the things we’ve been talking about for the last three or four years, our structure, our market facing approach, our solutions, the discipline around the business and our diversification, they are working.  And kind of getting, the level down to your question, when I think about areas that are giving us confidence in the $2.60, I talk about energy, kind of automotive and transportation. We’ve got some V2V, so some vertical to virtual opportunities that are in front of us. We’ve got opportunities in semi cap that are strong and then I’ve been banging the drum and Forbes has been banging the drum with Healthcare and Packaging and again I reiterated today in my prepared remarks, we are still looking at those businesses combined from 2016 to 2019 growing at a CAGR of 20% or greater.  And then the two other areas we are spending lot of time on is, is kind of around digital services which – that would kind of layer in towards the back half of the year and more in 2019 and 2020, and then the area of our business in EMS that we think about is connected consumer which is really just kind of anything that connects to the cloud is doing quite well for us. 
Sean Hannan: That’s actually very, very useful. Thanks so much for all the color.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks, Sean.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Tindle, Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks, good afternoon. I just wanted to clarify, Mark, you said $2 per share of free cash in fiscal 2018, is that right?
Mark Mondello: That’s right. And again, if I compare that to 2017, the biggest part there, Adam is, cash flow from ops as we sit today, I think we are setting up for another strong year for cash flow for ops. The team did a wonderful job of CapEx management in fiscal year 2017.  I think we started the year and through the year Forbes was kind of suggesting a CapEx range of $500 million to $600 million, I think we came in about $540 million. It had nothing to do with us doing anything other than making investments as the business dictated. But we had – probably had $20 million, $30 million of CapEx from 2017 flip over into 2018.  And then the other thing I tried to allude to in my prepared remarks is, I really like spending CapEx dollars if it’s in the right area that and I forget what my words were, but something around kind of more predictable, sustainable, more robust, stable earnings and cash flow streams for 2019 and 2020.  So, I think for FY 2018 our CapEx range will be in the neighborhood of about $700 million for the year and the business certainly can tolerate that based on cash flows along with our capital return framework that Forbes talked about in his prepared remarks where I think it’s highly, highly likely that investors are going to get all billion dollars which was the top end of our commitment on our two year framework in terms of capital return. So, overall the cash flows of the business as we sit today remains very strong.
Adam Tindle: Okay, I mean, the way that I was going to ask it is, just maybe comparing this CapEx cycle that we are entering into to the last one in fiscal 2015 and 2016 where CapEx was kind of in this $700 million, $800 million, $900 million range and heavily weighted towards mobility where margins are in decline now and what underpins the confidence that this one may play out differently? Is there a different ROI framework that you are using this time?
Mark Mondello: I am not sure I understand completely what you are asking, but let me try to answer at this way. The mobility business for us is still quite important. I think that Forbes and I and Beth and Adam kind of have been talking about the fact that if you go back three years, four years, we made some investments that were a bit premature.  And since then, we’ve been talking about the fact that, we had strong belief we’d be able to leverage those assets for the coming years and that’s exactly what we are doing. So, if I think about our CapEx absolute dollars and I think about our CapEx profile, if I think about in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and part of 2016, and I contrast that to fiscal year 2017 and 2018, it’s distinctly different.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tejas Venkatesh of UBS.
Tejas Venkatesh: Thank you I am on for Steve Milanovich. I think you said Apple is a 24% customer in fiscal year 2017 implying your Healthcare and Packaging business grew mid-teens. It sounds like you are expecting an acceleration in fiscal year 2018. So could you talk to the dynamics there?
Mark Mondello: Yes, I haven’t quite worked the math on all of that. But, my guess is, you are probably right. So, I would guess the answer to that would be yes, so if your math is correct, by default, I think you are correct. So I would again go back to the statement of, if you think about where we are at with healthcare and packaging in FY 2015 and 2016, and where we think that will be in terms of core earnings for FY 2019, we still sit here today quite confident that that will be a CAGR of 20% plus. 
Tejas Venkatesh: Okay. And maybe just one follow-up on DMS. You mentioned the technical difficulties with your mobility customer in your prepared remarks, your DMS revenues came in a bit better than I thought. I wanted to clarify whether that reflects non-mobility surprising above your expectations or maybe a broadening of your engagements with your mobility customer?
Mark Mondello: I’d answer it this way. Strong revenue in Q4, strong revenue in Q1 is a really good sign.
Tejas Venkatesh: Okay, thanks.
Mark Mondello: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner, Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thanks. I was hoping you could provide a little detail on the strength in the EMS segment in terms of the margins this quarter and then, Mark, I think you said that we should expect margins to have a similar trajectory in fiscal 2018. Should we see EMS margins at similar levels or better and would we see the sort of step-up in 4Q next year that we saw this quarter, this year? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Sure, Sherri. So, good question. Let me just think for three seconds here, how I would answer that. So if I could dissect Q4 which I think you are starting with, back in the June call, I don’t know if I have these numbers exactly correct, but I think in the June call, either Forbes or I said that we expected EMS to deliver about 4.2% for 4Q of 2017.  We ended up delivering 4.8%. When we talked about the 4.2% number, internally we thought we deliver 4.3%, 4.4%, so we brought ourselves 10 to 20 basis point buffer we committed the 4.2%. So if you take, what we thought we do the natural part of the business being 4.3%, 4.4% we delivered 4.8% and that was simply, if you can imagine our EMS business, that Mike and Alex run, they manage 200 customers plus.  So, as we wind out our fiscal year, there is a ton of puts and takes that I would call, maybe a bit unnatural which is end-of-life programs where maybe margins aren’t where we need them to be, cost recoveries and things like that, all of that’s shaken up, it was probably to the tune of about an extra 10 million, 12 million bucks for the quarter.  And there is no much more to the 4.8% versus maybe the thought process of the natural business being 4.3%, 4.4% for 4Q of 2017. As I think about fiscal year 2018 and what I tried to get across in my prepared remarks is, we think that both top-line and bottom-line for EMS off of FY 2017 base will grow in the range of about 3%.  And therefore, if that occurs, the margin structure for the year won’t be that different and I also tried to communicate, although we won’t be able to dial it in quarter-on-quarter-on-quarter, if you think about first half of 2017 EMS profit and EPS, and if you think about second half, the first half to second half for our EMS business will be very similar to FY 2017. So, summarizing that, I think we are giving you a lot of color around the EMS for FY 2018. 
Sherri Scribner: Okay, great. That’s super helpful, all that detail. And then I just wanted to clarify, when you mention the $20 billion to $21 billion in revenue, was that a fiscal 2018 number or fiscal 2019? Because I know you’ve said about $20.5 billion in the past for fiscal 2019. Just want to make sure I have the right year, thanks. 
Mark Mondello: I appreciate the clarification. Now it was for fiscal year 2018.
Sherri Scribner: Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. On the acquisition you just made, is it safer to say it’s very small or too material in revenues and earnings or should we think about some type of material impact there?
Mark Mondello: Hey, Jim, could you repeat that?
Jim Suva: The acquisition that you just did.
Mark Mondello: Oh, the acquisition. 
Jim Suva: How does it impact to your company revenues, any materiality there?
Forbes Alexander: Hi, Jim, it’s Forbes. Yes, it’s not overly material. I think the key piece that’s material for us there are the capabilities that that brings to us. So, it’s modest in terms of size, both in terms of revenue and cost to us. And that should really been our mantra over the last two or three years. It's continuing to add to the capabilities, listening to our customers, giving us with the opportunity to continue to grow there. So, we are really excited about bringing on the True-Tech folks. It really adds to our capabilities and allows us another growth platform for revenue through 2018 and into 2019 in the semi cap capital equipment space. 
Jim Suva: Great, and as a follow-up, I think your CapEx was about $540 million this year. What should we be modeling kind of longer term to the company, I’d say for next fiscal year and then also on stock comp, it looks like it’s up higher next quarter. Is that seasonal or due to change of incentives or due to your stock price being higher or is that math just wrong with this stock comp didn’t go up? 
Mark Mondello: Yes, so Jim, the CapEx for next year, we are thinking in the neighborhood of about $700 million. So in fiscal 2018, as we continue to invest in terms of our diversification strategy across the company. With regards to stock comp, yes, you will see that up a little bit. As we move into fiscal Q1, just as we got some incentives coming into play there, so you are thinking about that the right way. 
Jim Suva: Great. Then my last question, I think you referenced $16 million to $17 million of higher cost associated with Greenpoint. Are those now behind you? Or is it kind of the yield learning thing or they linger on for a couple more quarters or how should we think about the work through of that $16 million to $17 million higher cost?
Mark Mondello: I’d say issues are largely worked through and they are all considered both in our 1Q of 2018 guidance and the fiscal year guidance for 2018. 
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you. I so much appreciate your details. Thank you gentlemen.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney, Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney : Yes, good afternoon. Thanks very much for taking the questions. The first question is a follow-up on the DMS segment. One of the things the company has talked about in the past is having a goal of improving its diversification across different mobility products. So that it’s not still impacted by the mix of which mobile products may or may not so well in the end-market which is obviously very difficult to forecast.  And I was just wondering to what extent you can give us an update on your prior comments about Jabil improving on that effort this year and to what extent we should think about Jabil being, generally agnostic to which products are selling well in the mobility market?
Mark Mondello: I think we’ve been talking about diversification across the whole enterprise for four, five years and the benefit to shareholders being that, as an example, when we have a quarter like 4Q of 2017, where there is puts and takes in part of the business, the more diversified we are the better it is for shareholders because we tend to be able to lean on different parts of the business and I think that’s good news.  So, without commenting too discretely about any one portion of the business, I am a big fan for diversification, Mark and we are working hard towards that and I feel good about how things look going forward.
Mark Delaney : That’s helpful. And then for follow-up question was on the restructuring program and Forbes, I appreciate the updated thoughts that you provided. And I think you said, some of the savings will start to manifest themselves at some point later in first half of fiscal 2018. Can you just help us understand where we will see that and how we may see that in the P&L between COGS and SG&A and is there any sort of dollar step-down in SG&A we should have in mind or is it more just about absorption and just gives us good leverage as you move through the year? Thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, let me try and give you some color on that Mark. So, we saw a benefit roughly of, overall, about $195 million over a two fiscal year period. And my prepared remarks talked to a $70 million to $90 million benefit in fiscal 2019. So another 12 months before you see the full benefit of that. But in fiscal 2017 we saw about $25 million worth of benefit.  You saw some of that coming through the SG&A line, I think were down over year-over-year overall, on a core basis, if you take out stock-based compensation. So a lot of the heavy lifting on the SG&A has been done in fiscal 2017. You will see an increment in the region of $20 million to $25 million in this fiscal 2018, again depending on the timing of some of these higher cost locations coming out of our network and the majority of that benefit, you’d see really coming through the gross margin line.  In terms of asset utilization, I’d remind you that, now these revenue streams are actually transferring to other facilities in our network. So that’s really the way to think about it. $25 million last year, another $25 million this year and then, what that, that gets me to about another incremental as we move into fiscal 2019.
Mark Delaney : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox, Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks, good afternoon. I had a – I need a clarification, and then I had a question. I just want to be certain on one thing which is the extra cost in Greenpoint and then also the tragic events in Puerto Rico, that’s all a cost impact, or is there some kind of revenue impact that was factored in either in the last quarter or is that factored into going forward especially when you think about all your customers that are in the Puerto Rico region and I had a question. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes, it’s predominantly cost side, Steve, now it’s clearly early to understand the impacts on our healthcare customers. But I think in the guidance that we’ve given certainly for Q1, and overall the guidance in the range for the year contemplates some conservatism there, but it’s clearly very early in Puerto Rico, I don’t think there will be material impact in the top-line, it’s more about cost and how quickly we can recover and get up.
Steven Fox: Got it. And then, just in terms of the EMS margins, I understand why, you know the definition where you may be slightly overearned in the quarter, but the mix is increasing, and then by definition you are going to have some other sort of more mature products go end of life as part of that mix. So, why shouldn’t we be looking for margins that can sort of trend over time towards, say the 5% range more consistently?
Mark Mondello: Come on, Steve. We are 2.5%, like three, three and a half years ago and the EMS team is doing a great job. So, you know what, we are aligned on the goal, but one year at a time. I mean, the business is performing superbly and I hear you, but let’s think it a year at a time. 
Steven Fox: If I put it in other way, it’s mix of a trend that we should keep counting on for getting about what numbers they should, is mix going to be that favorable for you over the next couple of years?
Mark Mondello: I don’t know, I mean, again what we are trying to do is, I think our EMS business in general has a very robust platform. And the stronger we can make that foundation the better it is for our shareholders. So that’s what we are efforting towards and again if you think about our EMS segment, today earnings are spread across 200, 220 customers and again that’s a pretty good catalyst for a strong foundation. 
Steven Fox: Thanks, I’ll quit one behind.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. The first one just on, maybe a clarification, on the non-Apple Greenpoint business, I know – I just want to make sure the 20% year-on-year you guided is just for the healthcare and packaging, but Mark, is the non-Apple Greenpoint business, should we also think about that segment as a double-digit kind of growth segment and are the margins were within the 5% to 7% DMS range for that part of the segment? 
Mark Mondello: That’s a great question. Unfortunately we just don’t break that out. So, when it comes, again our reporting segments in the way I look at the business is, our EMS segment, our DMS segment and then where we’ve give – there is the last couple quarters including today is we kind of give you good breakdown around the entire EMS segment when it comes to the DMS segment. We kind of bifurcate if you will a little bit on healthcare packaging and JGP but that’s as far as we’ll take it. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, fair enough. Maybe one for Forbes then. Forbes, just if I remember from the last Analyst Day, with respect to the tax rate, you had said that over the next two, three years, from fiscal 2016, you should see the tax rate go down 3% to 4% and fiscal 2016 was like 27% tax. I think you just guided fiscal 2018 to also 26%, so is there a change in your perspective on what the tax rate would be like in this range of fiscal 2016 to 2019?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, no, I think there is still opportunity as we move through by half of 2018 into 2019, see that tax rate go down. What we are seeing is, is a little bit of a shift in terms of the geographies in which in the income is being produced. So, I think certainly from a year ago, I would say, our Indian operations are performing particularly well versus perhaps a year ago which drives a little bit more tax dollars.  But, as I think about the portfolio we have in front of us here and the mix as we move forward, there is certainly opportunities, what we are in 27 or so last year 26 this year, opportunity just getting down towards that 25% range. But we’ll see as we move through the year here and into 2019. So it’s still opportunity.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, great and just a last one from me. Your CapEx went up to 700 and I realize, Mark, you said the $20 million, $30 million probably pushes out from fiscal 2017 into fiscal 2018. Of the delta $70 million or so, you said it’s in more predictable kind of businesses, so should we take it that it’s not in the mobility space and any color, like is it going towards, is it new factories or new equipment, like what is a composition of that $70 million spend?
Mark Mondello: It’s – I think if we were to – that line item by line item you find that it’s really, really a nice blend across the entire corporation. Not overly, heavily in EMS, not in DMS, not any one sector. I feel really, really good about the blend and the mix of the CapEx that’s projected for 2018.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, thank you for taking my questions. Appreciate the color.
Mark Mondello: Yes, you are welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani, RBC Capital Markets.
Irvin Liu: Hey guys. This is Irvin Liu calling in for Amit. My first question is just on EMS. It looks like the segment reverted to year-over-year growth this quarter with strength across auto, capital equipment and printing end-markets. Is it possible that sort of stack up your performance in this segment sort of the way we think about the split between the broader end-market strength and perhaps your share gains?
Mark Mondello: I am not sure I understand the question. To be sure I kind of give you an answer that you are looking for, maybe you could try that again.
Irvin Liu: Yes, sure, sure. Yes, we’ll I try to – maybe you can try answering first.
Mark Mondello: I can’t answer it. Because I don’t understand that.
Irvin Liu: I mean, is it possible, I mean, just based on your year-over-year growth this quarter, right, is it possible just sort of provide more color on the performance either whether it’s driven by some of your end-market strengths or your individual company share gains?
Mark Mondello: Oh, I see, I see, okay. That I understand. So, one of the things we said a year ago at the Investor Day is we felt like a significant portion of our EMS business could grow greater than the growth rate of end-markets they serve. So by nature, that would be share gain.  So I think I would say, and I forget how answered this earlier, but maybe I’ll try to get it correct or the same is, in the EMS segment, we are seeing strength around auto transport and opportunities there, semi cap, energy, what we would kind of consider, kind of connected consumer.  So, I would say that, add to that the kind of the virtual manufacturing opportunities we have that may end up coming to us that maybe historically have been embedded inside of the customers we serve. I’d say the vast majority of the opportunities, especially when you look at our bottom-line growth is maybe 65%, 70% market share and the balance kind of end-market growth on a blended basis.
Irvin Liu: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks. And in terms of your $2.60 EPS target for fiscal 2018 and $3 in fiscal 2019, if I recall it correctly, last quarter you indicated that 70% of that sort of earnings net income growth performance was going to be driven by margin expansion. Is this mostly unchanged, given this sort of Q1 DMS margin hiccup dynamic or your sort of top-line contribution assumption sort of shifted given the DMS margin hiccup in Q1?
Mark Mondello: Are you asking about the $2.60?
Irvin Liu: Yes.
Mark Mondello: Okay, I don’t think that’s attached and again, I could have this wrong. So let me apologize ahead of time if I don’t get this right. But, I think in the last call, there was a question around how are we achieving maybe the growth rate in Healthcare and Packaging, was it around top-line growth or margin expansion.  And I gave an answer that was something similar to what you just said, which was I said, maybe 65%, 70% was margin expansion and the balance was kind of top-line growth based on opportunities. I don’t think I’ve ever given that type of breakdown in terms of the whole corporation or the $2.60.
Irvin Liu: Okay. Got it, got it. And that’s unchanged even given this the sort of margin hiccup in Q1, right, for DMS?
Mark Mondello: I don’t think there is a margin hiccup in Q1. You mean, in terms of what?
Irvin Liu: I guess, basically incurring higher costs, right, from…
Mark Mondello: Yes, I think what I said was is, we’ve all along, we’ve kind of felt like Q1 would be an $0.80 quarter and we just gave guidance to $0.78. So, call it, two pennies on the overall corporate platform.
Irvin Liu: Okay, got it. Thanks, that was helpful.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We will be here this evening and the rest of this week for any follow-up calls with investors, analysts and the investment community. Thank you again for your interest in Jabil.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-06-14 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Berry - Senior Director, IR Mark Mondello - Director & CEO Forbes Alexander - CFO
Analysts: Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Fox - Cross Research Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Steve Milanovich - UBS Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Adam Tindle - Raymond James Jim Suva - Citi Matt Sheerin - Stifel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Jabil's Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Adam Berry, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Adam Berry: Thank you, Jacob and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our third quarter of fiscal 2017 earnings call. Joining on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you now follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including among other things, those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business such as our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 net revenue and earnings. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, and our other filings with the SEC. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. On today's call we'll begin with an update from Mark followed by third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance from Forbes. Following our prepared comments, we will open it up to your questions. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Adam. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. Before we get into prepared remarks, I thought it's appropriate to let you know why Beth is not on the call today. So Beth is attending to her husband Michael, who underwent some fairly complicated medical procedures over the past number of weeks. The best part in all this news is, is I'm happy to report that the patient is now at home and resting comfortably, and nurse Beth is also getting some much needed rest. So please keep Michael and Beth in your thoughts and prayers and our extended best in wishes if you're listening Beth, to you and Michael to make a full-on complete recovery and we miss you. So now on to the prepared remarks. As always, I'll start with a big thanks to our people here at Jabil for their hardwork and never ending dedication and commitment. In addition, I want to recognize the team for their continued focus on always keeping our people safe; safety is at top of mind for all of us. Now taking a look at our third quarter results. The team delivered approximately $114 million in core operating income on revenues at $4.49 billion resulting in core earnings per share of $0.31. Core operating margin came in at 2.5% as anticipated during this heavy investment period representing a 50 basis point pickup over 3Q of last year. I'd also like to note that our team continues to do a good job managing capital expenditures, setting us up for what I believe will be free cash flow for the year in the range of roughly $435 million. All good news, especially when paired with our solid outlook. So as customary, Forbes will provide detail around our results and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks. I'll now share a thought which underline my confidence in the business. For starters, our Greenpoint team is currently doing a wonderful job managing complicated program ramps which are most critical to our customers, this all in the heels of a very demanding third quarter. A quarter characterized by precision engineering development, demonstrated proficiency in material sciences, notable execution, and robust cost controls against complex roadmaps that exhibit significant scale. As we sit today, I'm pleased to report that all program ramps are on-track while product yields are going largely as planned. Lastly, I'll reaffirm that our Greenpoint business continues to diversify within existing products as well as across new product pipelines; a true testament to the value placed on our solutions. Moving to our healthcare and packaging businesses, it's clear that demand for affordable and reliable healthcare services around the world is increasing. Today pharma, medical device, and consumer healthcare companies rely on partners like Jabil as their safe pair of hands to help them efficiently and reliably drive better solutions through the use of technology and digital innovation. Digital solutions enable caregivers to become more productive, more cost effective, and certainly more impactful. Embedded technologies like electronic sensors for example combined with cloud-based data analytics allow for terrific improvements for patient monitoring and patient interactions. These continued paradigm shifts play directly to Jabil's strengths. Similarly, our packaging team is busy working side-by-side with the leading consumer brands creating innovative packaging solutions; digitally driven solutions that fit perfectly with the disruption taking place in the packaging arena. Together, Jabil healthcare and packaging are advancing beautifully; all via touchpoints move closer and closer to the direct consumer and the direct patients. In closing, I believe these businesses collectively will maintain their trajectory tracking the core earnings growth of 20% or greater from fiscal year '16 to fiscal year '19. Now I'll turn to our $11 billion EMS segment. Our EMS team serves many brands that lead various end markets. End markets such as automotive, energy, industrial, retail and print, networking, telecom, cloud computing, and capital equipment; a clear and definitive illustration of the broad diversification within this EMS segment. This business has scale, proven operational excellence, and required domain expertise to maximize opportunities and continue to drive growth. We're undoubtedly more unique and more relevant with our service offerings as the world has to a great extent drifted away from build-to-print requests and moved the conversation to comprehensive build-to-function content. I'll pause there just for a second, we do have quite a thunderstorm in the background, so if you hear some thunder, that's exactly what it is. So at the same time, within our EMS business, there is intense focus on hardware performance relative to cost and size which also squarely in Jabil's sweet spot. In simple terms, Jabil's EMS 2.0 strategy is firmly afoot. In wrapping up my commentary on our EMS segment, it's important to know that the team has done a brilliant job performing to plan and increasing core operating margins, margins that we believe are sustainable for fiscal year '18. Let me now take a minute and address the company in its entirety. Our guidance suggests that we'll deliver the best fourth quarter in Jabil's history. A favorable segway into what's typically our strongest quarter of the year and in this particular case Q1 of fiscal year '18. That then leads me to ask, how might we be thinking about the business as we exit the year? First, I believe our EMS business will increase roughly 3%, fiscal '17 to fiscal '18. Secondly, the healthcare and packaging businesses continue to show great promise within our DMS segment. With that said, please keep in mind the majority of our DMS business remains highly dependent on overall product demand and market acceptance in the mobility space.  So what might all this mean? I believe what it means is the following; we're remaining true to what Forbes communicated back in September during our Investor Day. We've also given reasonable consideration and judgment to our current business plans and customer forecasts. The result I believe is fiscal year '18 will sum to core earnings in the neighborhood of $2.60 a share, this on our way to $3 a share in fiscal year '19. As for how the income might layer in quarter-to-quarter, we simply don't know at this point; there is just too many moving parts and too many puts and takes. Although I do believe our DMS business will once again be front-half loaded for the fiscal year '18. While the shape of our EMS business should look quite similar to fiscal year '17. Before I hand the call over to Forbes, a few parting comments. You should know that our shareholders remain at the forefront of all of our actions; we're agile, decisive and a most cost effective operator of our business. There is clear evidence that our diversified portfolio strategy has taken hold and our productive market-facing divisional structure is working and working really well. Our leadership team remains confident in our path forward as we integrate a digital mindset across the enterprise. We're constructing a fabulous company where I believe the whole is materially is more valuable than the proverbial some of the parts. And we're making a real difference by helping make the world better, cleaner, healthier and safer. Thank you. And with that, I'll now hand the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon everyone. I'd like to ask you to turn to Slide 3 where I will review our third quarter fiscal year 2017 results. Net revenue for the quarter was $4.49 billion, growth of 1% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $43 million, with a GAAP net loss of $25 million. GAAP net diluted loss per share was $0.14 for the quarter. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring and related charges was $114 million and represented 2.5% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.31. On Slide 4 I will discuss our third quarter segment discussion. Revenue for our diversified manufacturing services segment was $1.67 billion, an increase of 14% on a year-over-year basis and represented 37% of total company revenue. Operating income for the quarter was 0.2%. Performance in this segment exceeded our previous guidance as we continue to see strong year-over-year performance from within our mobility, healthcare and packaging sectors. Our electronics manufacturing services segment revenue was $2.82 billion for the quarter, a decrease of 1% on a year-over-year basis; and this represented 63% of total company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 3.9%, an improvement of 40 basis points on a year-over-year basis and 20 basis points sequentially. We ended our fiscal quarter with cash balances of $744 million. Net capital expenditures for the third fiscal quarter totaled $138 million, while capital expenditures on a year-to-date basis totaled $439 million. For the full fiscal year net capital expenditures were estimated to be $600 million as we positioned ourselves for growth in the fourth fiscal quarter and through fiscal 2018. Cash flows from operations in the quarter totaled $187 million with year-to-date cash flows being $533 million. Our fourth fiscal quarter is historically characterized by very strong cash flows. The upcoming quarter is expected to be no different and as such we expect to deliver at least $1 billion of cash flows from operations in the full fiscal year. As I've previously noted, our capital return framework remained a key focus as we move through this and next fiscal year. Our plan is to return 40% of cash flows from operations via dividends and share repurchases through fiscal 2018 and upto a maximum of $1 billion remains very well positioned. To-date, we have returned some $390 million in dividends and share repurchases under this framework. Of our current authorization to repurchase $400 million worth of shares, we have utilized approximately $330 million as of the end of the third quarter repurchasing some 14.8 million shares at an average price of $22.34. Now I'd just like to update you with regards to our restructuring plan. Actions that we have taken to enhance organizational efficiency and effectiveness remain very much on-track. Specifically, headcount reductions across our SG&A cost base are complete and capacity realignment activity and high cost locations has now been announced as expected to occur in the first half of fiscal 2018. As such, we accrued charges associated with this plan of approximately $31 million in the third quarter bringing year-to-date charges to approximately $110 million. Total charges for the full fiscal year were estimated to be in the range of $130 million to $155 million, of which $20 million is estimated to be cash. This will result in some $25 million of savings in our fiscal year 2017. Based upon our current estimates of the timing of the capacity realignment actions, full savings of $70 million to $90 million remain on-track to be fully realized commencing in fiscal year 2019. On Slide 5 I will review our fourth fiscal quarter outlook. The diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to increase 26% on a year-over-year basis to approximately $2.05 billion, while the electronic manufacturing services segment is expected to increase 2% on a year-over-year basis with revenues of $2.85 billion. We expect total company revenue in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $4.7 billion to $5.1 billion or an increase of almost 11% at the midpoint of the range on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $215 million with core operating margin in the range of 3.5% to 4.2%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.74 per diluted share and GAAP earnings per share expected to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.48 per diluted share. The tax rate on core earnings in fourth fiscal quarter and full fiscal year is estimated to be approximately 27% based on our current levels of forecasted income. In closing, we are pleased with the third quarter. Our fourth quarter expectations are essentially unchanged from 90 days ago. This fiscal year will see us deliver on our goal that are outlined at the beginning of the year. Core earnings per share growth is 13%, cash flows from operations of at least $1 billion, capital expenditures of $600 million or less while we are returning some $370 million to shareholders via dividends and stock repurchases. And as Mark noted, we see this positive momentum continuing into fiscal 2018. I'd now like to hand the call back over to Adam.
Adam Berry: Thank you, Forbes. Before we being the question-and-answer session, I'd like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be addressing customer or product specific questions. Thank you for your cooperation. Jacob, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. The first one for Mark; I think 90 days ago you had indicated that EMS margins would be strong going into the fourth quarter, and then it looks like they will be. So going into next year, can you give us some guidance; do you think the 4% level is now a sustainable 4% plus level going into next fiscal year?
Mark Mondello: I'll address that in two parts. One is, I do believe that fourth quarter -- I don't remember exactly what I said but like I said, something around the fact that fourth quarter would be EMS margins at 4.2%. I think we've got a really good chance to getting there in fourth quarter. In terms of next year, I think I would -- in my preparatory comments today I said something about EMS growing 3%; if you take the top line from this year and call that -- I don't know, $417 million, $420 million at the midpoint of our guide; take that up 3% -- keep a margin profile very similar to FY17 both in terms of by quarter and for the whole fiscal year.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, that's very helpful. And maybe one for Forbes, so last couple of years you've invested a lot in the Greenpoint business, you've specified I think something $600 million for CapEx for next year; can you talk a little bit about where that spend is happening and is it mostly on the EMS side or can you give us a split of how the CapEx is being spent?
Forbes Alexander: Yes Ruplu, so -- we'll spend roughly about $600 million this fiscal year. I characterized that and maintenance is a big organization, our maintenance level is probably 50% of that, so -- and that's spread broadly across the whole enterprise. The balance, you know, we are -- we did talk about earlier in the year making investments in Indonesia as we're bringing up a site there to support our aircraft machining business; so that's probably $40 million or $50 million of that $300 million. There is clearly some additional investments going into the Greenpoint business, but those are not a large dynamic in this year’s spend. So it's broadly spend, I think one of the largest areas is that new sites as I say in Southeast Asia as we support new program ramps there.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great. And real quick, the last one for me. So based on the CapEx spend that you're doing this year, how much revenue can that totally support; like in total?
Mark Mondello: That's a tough one, it depends on where it comes from but I would say as we close out '17 -- again, there is always going to be some level of modest maintenance CapEx, but our footprint today if it's sorted out right probably can support anywhere from $19.5 billion to $22 billion depending on how it lays in.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great. Alright, thank you so much and congrats on the quarter.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon, couple of questions for me. First of all, on the cash flows; if you guys do hit the cash flow from operations of $1 billion and given sort of the rough cut on next year's earnings, how should we think about cash flow from operations growth? Can it grow in-line with earnings or would we expect some working capital drag, etcetera? Can you give us a little color on that Forbes? And then I had a follow-up.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, you know, there is a lot of moving parts for next year but if I take everyone back to our Analyst Day last year; and our expectations of cash flows were -- what $3.5 billion over a three-year period, '17 being the first year of that. So you should start to see some growth, I think it's reasonable to expect it to grow in-line with that earnings growth, we're not seeing any incredible dislocation in terms of our working capital metrics, so we'll see some growth like next year, got a lot to shakeout in terms of the quarterly profile, just given the dynamics around some major product ramps that we’ve got going on as we move into the first quarter, but certainly we should see some growth, give you a lot more color on that as we come into our September call.
Steven Fox: That's helpful. And then Mark, just talking about the EMS business a little bit more in detail, so it sounds like you're making progress -- you said you're making progress on EMS 2.0. I was wondering if you can give some examples of maybe some commercialization that happened in the quarter or is going to happen this quarter. And then it seems like just around at the EMS story, given what you're talking about for the next year, there must be some drags from what you're seeing in the marketplace this quarter into next fiscal year; can you talk about maybe some of the headwinds you're facing overall with EMS? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Sure, certainly Steve, that was a lot, let me try to remember all that. So there is drags in big chunks of the market and there is great outlooks in good chunks to the market and you shake all that up and you get the 3% growth. And when I think about the fact that EMS is going to end this year at -- you know, if we hit midpoint of guidance in 4Q, you know, you're talking about a business of little over $11 billion, so three points of growth on that is I think very good in this market and fairly significant in absolute dollars. I would say, you know, when I refer to EMS 2.0, it's -- there is a multitude of things starting with our structure. So we restructured the company about 3.5 to 4 years ago; one of the things Steve that we're just doing differently in the last 24 months and it's making a big difference is; we don't go out and talk to the market or talk to customers about building rectangular circuit boards or electronics -- we really are taking an approach where we're going out and bringing some really cool solutions to the marketplace and sometimes that has electronics in it, sometimes it doesn't, so that's one. Number two is, as I try to illustrate in my prepared remarks the EMS business today is just -- it's just massively broad, I mean it's -- that business in and itself is probably approaching -- I don't know, 180 customers, maybe more. So I think it has to do with our approach to the market, not bringing preconceived notions to what they may want around key electronics and really kind of respectfully listening and then bringing forward solutions. And I also talked in the prepared remarks around -- I would say in the last 18 months and I see this accelerating maybe parabolicly in the next two to three years; we've really got a pretty cool digital flair around the business in terms of how to help people solution things from a data analytics and supply chain perspective. So it's a little bit of contribution from a lot of parts, and I feel good about what the team has done in the last 18 months and I feel really, really good about how things look for fiscal year '18. I think as we maybe get into the September call, we've got quite a bit of cool things in the pipeline. Our pedigree and personality is not to talk about a lot of that stuff until it starts to become material. Right or wrong, so I think as we get into the September call and maybe the December call, you will start hearing some more cool things we're doing on the EMS space.
Steven Fox: Thanks. And just any market headwinds that you're up against also?
Mark Mondello: Yes, and we'll talk about them in September and December, okay.
Steven Fox: Alright, thanks for the color.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good afternoon and thanks very much for taking the questions. Two questions for me. First question is on the DMS segment in terms of the revenue guidance for the August quarter; the implied sequential pickup in August versus May is at the higher end or above the high end of what the company has done in the past and it's coming off of a pretty healthy May quarter base [ph]. So I'm trying to understand is that pull forward or some of the seasonality that the company normally sees in the November quarter or is the stronger August guidance more function of some of the new platforms that you mentioned?
Mark Mondello: So Mark, you're talking -- just -- so I understand you're talking about DMS?
Mark Delaney: Correct.
Mark Mondello: Okay. So I think the -- on a sequential basis -- actually, if you look at on a sequential basis or a year-on-year basis, I think the guide for Q4 is quite good and I think that's a testament of; A) we've been tapping the drum a bit on healthcare and packaging; and then also we've got a lot going on in our Greenpoint business as maybe you can imagine and again, I know sometimes you guys get frustrated but we just can't -- we can't add a lot of color to that at this point.
Mark Delaney: Okay. And then for second question, it's about the company's results in totality as in terms of kind of how to make order in the August quarter for fiscal '17; it came in pretty good and pretty consistent with what you talked about on the last earnings call. A couple of your larger customers have talked about actually seeing some near-term weakness, so I was wondering given that Jabil was still able to hit numbers or even come in at little bit better, were there areas that surprised you to the upside in the second half of fiscal '17 and maybe made out for some of those other shortfalls or was there just some conservatives and that was baked into your initial view of second half of fiscal '17?
Mark Mondello: Well, the nice thing is I do think we're doing what we said we're going to do which feels pretty good. I think there is also a level of conservatism in anything we come out with on earnings calls when we're talking to you guys. So I think it's combination of that and then maybe remember that we get a pretty good advanced look at product roadmaps and what-not of our customers that might be a couple of quarters ahead or at least a quarter ahead of when stuff ends up getting communicated or hit in the street. So again I think you shake all that stuff up and we're kind of spot-on off where we thought we'd be.
Mark Delaney: Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan: Yes, good evening. Thanks very much for taking my question here. First one, I'm going to see if I can ask this in a broad sense; can be relevant to either DMS or the EMS side. Just trying to get a sense of whether you folks have observed any issues that are out there in the supply chain in terms of either what you're assembling for customers or what might be going on in other areas of the food chain that perhaps could be restricting the timing or the degree of product launches that you're involved with, i.e., is there some upside that perhaps has been tampered governed, anything that you're seeing on that front on the supply chain? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Well, that was a pretty opaque question. I think that we always see things in the supply chain that have been slow Sean. I'd say that on the silicon side we're seeing pockets of tightening with our scale and how long we've been in this business, we typically are pretty good at being able to solution tight pockets on the silicon side; so today the constraints are minimal and to the extent that we're feeling any near-term pockets of friction, we've considered that in our numbers. In terms of maybe technologies, new technologies or things like that in other markets -- you know, there is a lot of rumors out in the marketplace about this set [ph] and the other and I'd just prefer not to comment on all that. I could -- I believe that we're sitting in the middle of -- we serve 12 or 13 different end markets and we're kind of sitting right in the middle of the stew all the time so anything that's out there today or we have good visibility off or any of that friction points that we feel, those have been considered both in our guide for Q4 and the discussion points about '18.
Sean Hannan: Touché on the opaqueness on the other technologies.
Mark Mondello: Yes, touché.
Sean Hannan: Okay. Alright, second quarter here. So Nypro, healthcare and packaging, it's great to hear we're exhibiting double-digit growth there. Is there a way if you can give us a little bit of color in terms of the degree that this level of year-on-year growth and particularly the trajectory if that is sustainable or instead is this more of a steep function at the moment or the next few quarters? How do you feel about the ability for this to continue to move up?
Mark Mondello: I think if you go back to what I said earlier in the call today and you go back to what I said in the call in March and you go back to what I said in the call December, we've been pretty consistent with healthcare and packaging combined -- that business would go strong double-digits; I think in today's prepared remarks I talked about 20%. And I cabbie [ph] out of that saying the 20% would be kind of an annual CAGR between fiscal year '16 and fiscal year '19. So I don't see this as a steep function, is it sustainable beyond '19, I don't know, it depends; all businesses start to flat toe a little bit when they get to some scale. But as we sit today, I stand behind the 20% growth from here forward at least through fiscal year '19.
Sean Hannan: That's great. Thanks so much for addressing the questions.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Sean.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Milanovich with UBS.
Steve Milanovich: Thank you. Just to follow on that, so you're looking for 20% operating income growth as a CAGR for healthcare and consumer packaging. I'm assuming revenue is not growing at that rate, so are you seeing operating margin expansion in those areas and roughly where are those margins and where are they going?
Mark Mondello: Good question. Steve, I'd characterize it this way. I would say in the 20% CAGR and I can't comment on the backhalf of say fiscal year '16 to '19 but as we sit today certainly through fiscal year '18 and maybe into '19, I would say that -- I'd say there is a 50-50, 60-40 split between margin expansion and revenue growth, maybe 70-30; and that really has to do with maybe 70% margin expansion, 30% topline growth, 60-40 somewhere in there. Let me explain just for a minute. We did the Nypro acquisition and I think we closed that kind of around July of '13 and lot of integration, lot of moving parts, trying to figure out what we wanted to do with it, combining it with electronics, combining it with sensors, trying to make a really good holistic cool play for the healthcare space and outpace [ph] this real kind of interesting consumer packaging business; and all of a sudden, our engineers and our commercial people grab a hold of that and they are like, wow, there is something here that we can take to the market if you just give us a little time to figure out how to cross solutions around that. So there is probably an 18 to 24 month timeframe that we've been investing heavily in people, we've invested some capital, we've invested in a lot of cool solutions; so that's never done. Again, I'll go back to -- I think that there is a digital component to both our healthcare approach and our packaging approach which is upon us right now. But as we look forward, again, I -- I like what I see, hence the communication and discussion around the 20%. So I would think that we're coming out of some pretty heavy investment period in both of those areas and we'll start to hopefully [indiscernible], we'll start to see kind of the fruits to that labor.
Steve Milanovich: I got you. And then Forbes, could you remind us how much stock or the commitment in dollars to buyback over the two year period and where you are in that? And if the fact the stock has moved up quite a bit since your Analyst Day event gives you any hesitation or you feel like it's still undervalued and you're going to complete what you said you're going to do?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. So I'll commit what was the return upto $1 billion or 40% of cash flow from operations of fiscal '17 and '18. So the way that works out that includes the dividend as well, so if I just stripped the dividend out, let's call out what $60 million a year, so $120 million, so the balance of that $1 billion would be stock repurchase. To-date we've brought back 330 of that commitment averaging about $22.34 through the May period. So yes, we're still on-track, we're committed to returning those capitals, as you'd say, the stocks moved up nicely since we launched this program but we still think there is ways to go here where I was driving towards $3 of an earnings per share in fiscal '19, the commentary we're giving today around '18 gives us comfort that we're well interacted to do that. So yes, we're still committed to returning that $1 billion.
Steve Milanovich: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks, good afternoon guys. I guess couple of questions for me. When you talk about the 260 EPS for the next year, you know, partially on the EMS side, rather nicely for us; is the implication then that the DMS business should grow high single-digit in fiscal '18 assuming margins are relatively flat in DMS? Is that the way to model this or do you see better margin expansion, less revenue growth out of DMS in '18?
Mark Mondello: Amit, I think I gave you all we're going to give you and I don't mean to be coy or evasive but I tried to throw some words down in my prepared comments; there is a lot of moving parts, I think we were really descript on EMS. So based on some questions early on in the Q&A, as well as prepared comments, you guys should be able to dial-in the EMS model right and tight. You guys can make some pretty good assumptions around the packaging and healthcare, and with the DMS -- balance of DMS; I'd rather just hold on that and really not get into any more discussion until we get to the September call other than to say, you roundout the EMS models, you make some assumptions around packaging and healthcare, and we feel pretty good about the $2.60 that we put out there. And I think the other thing I said in my prepared remarks is, I think it's -- whatever you come up with for DMS in total, I think that -- I forget the words that I used but I think the DMS business will be kind of front-half loaded and there is obvious reasons why that might be.
Forbes Alexander: That's fair. And I guess just in the front-half loaded dynamic that you mentioned, historically obviously the November quarter tends to be the strong one for it, the DMS business for the mobility ramps, right. Is this 26% growth you are seeing in DMS right now sustainable or is it a little bit of maybe things that you're involved with are happening neither in August and the things you may not be involved with happen more deferred. So the November quarter year-over-year growth may not be as robust as 26% in DMS.
Amit Daryanani: So you're talking on a year-over-year basis on it, Forbes?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. Much is going to depend on what we see going on broadly through our fourth quarter, okay. Q1 of '17 wherein our DMS business was $2.4 billion or something in that nature; so we just have -- you know, that's a tough compare but we just have to wait and see how that plays out. Certainly I think there is opportunity to go north of that but there is a lot of pieces to shake out yet as we sit here, 90 days away from a call in September but we certainly feel that first half next year within our DMS segment, our mobility segment, our Greenpoint organization will be strong but as I say and as Mark said in prepared comments, a lot of pieces to shake out yet.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. I guess Forbes, just talking to bring in [ph] a quick one, initial CapEx thoughts for fiscal '18, so that would be around the $600 million run rate or do you see an uptick next year?
Forbes Alexander: Again, early. What we talked about in the Analyst Day was the goal to keep it around that $600 million level, we talked about that last September. As we sit today, I think that's reasonable, as I said today but we're in heavy planning phases as you might imagine moving into our September timeframe, we'll see where that goes. If there is opportunities that make sense to us to really go that top line then we'll look at those investments but we really have scale within our Greenpoint operations that we're very, very comfortable with. I think that can meet pretty much anything that's thrown at us. So it would be perhaps opportunities in the healthcare area, packaging area and more broadly running out some EMS capabilities but as long as we sit today, hold on to that $600 million number from an outline purposes.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Tindle with Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. And quite a thunder storm down here indeed. Mark, maybe just talk about the decision and your level of confidence to come out and guide fiscal '18; I know we've been through this before in fiscal '16 where you were expecting at least 20% EPS growth at this same time of the year and some unforeseen circumstances lead to a decline that year. Is there perhaps something different about fiscal '18 where you have more visibility that gives you comfort to come out and guide at this point?
Mark Mondello: Adam, I think that's a great question. So -- and we sat here for a couple of days and debated, do we say anything about '18 or not. I just feel like there is nobody that understands our business better than the management team and have in sell side and buy side try to kind of navigate through what things are going to look like. It's just -- it's tough go; so we decided to run a bunch of different sensitivity models and a bunch of analysis and give you a number that we believe in. So what's changed? I think our EMS business is more stable than ever, and that's a business that -- if you just run the math on it, that's now going to be approaching $11.5 billion. Our packaging and healthcare business have long sticky lifecycles to them and you heard what I said on a couple of other questions in regards to packaging and healthcare. We've got a couple of other things in the company going on that we'll see how they turn out and then the wild card really is around what we do with the mobility space in DMS. And we've made some assumptions set around that, we've stared it, forecast and business plans and everything else and we feel okay with the $2.60.
Adam Tindle: Okay, fair enough. And just a follow-up on the restructuring program, looks like you're over halfway done with $195 million. The majority based on your filings has been targeted towards DMS. I'm confused at this, just trying to understand the mix here, given it would seem as if we're getting ready to enter into a significant volume cycle on that side of the business based on your commentary, yet the cost cut seem to be concentrated here. Could you just maybe comment on that dislocation please?
Forbes Alexander: Adam, it's Forbes. What I had asked you to follow is the cash number rather than the GAAP numbers. So in terms of DMS, we -- there has been some asset write-downs, some accruals made in that regard. We've also made some accruals around announcement we made to take some high cost capacity out in Western Europe, that's actually healthcare and packaging based facility. So that's driving that number in DMS that you're seeing there. So what I'd asked people to do is follow the cash. Whilst we -- I think year-to-date recorded about $110 million in restructuring charges, the cash on that is probably $15 million or so, there is another $5 million or $10 million to come in Q4. So once you see that cash come out, that's essentially unfortunately employees leaving the company or leases being concluded as such like and then you see the income being laid in. So a lot of the SG&A cuts we made earlier in the fiscal year were focused here on the corporate group and based on our call for allocation methodology, 65% to 70% of that cost falls into our EMS segment by the balance into DMS. So hence my previous comments around where the focus of this is. Overall, $25 million this year, we'll see something in the similar nature next year and probably about $80 million as we move into '19 overall coming on a cost base.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Just one last quick clarification for Mark, I think your fiscal '18 guide still implies DMS operating margins start with the three. On the last call you made a comment about potentially being able to reach the 5% to 7% target level, can you just talk about what that would take?
Mark Mondello: I'll comment on the first half and not the second half again because there is so many moving parts. I think it's fair to think that in the first half of fiscal year '18 will be in 5% to 7% range and we'll see what happens in the second half.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much and congratulations on the results. I have two questions and I'll ask them at the same time. The first one is, the new site that you're putting up, I believe the location is Southeast Asia or maybe I'm wrong with that, if you can correct me. And in that site is it focused on DMS or across all your business lines or EMS or how should we think about the focused point of that new site going up because a lot of EMS over the past few years has not been putting up a lot of sites is actually being consolidating sites. And then my second question is, I think I saw in [indiscernible] distressed customer of about a way up about $10 million; did I read that correctly and it said what segment was it -- and you're steady doing business with them or you're making them do your [indiscernible] or how should we see this as one quicker resolution or going to continue? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: So Jim the site I think you're referring to is our new site in Indonesia. And what we've took a hard look at about three years ago, three and a half years ago was -- is -- we've developed as you know, better than anybody; we've developed an amazing capability on the machining side of our business and its material science, it's intricate precision engineering and we gave it lot of thought to where else we might be able to apply that type of talent. And one thing that was quite obvious to us was aerospace and defense. So we had a lot of internal conversations and we're making what I think is a good strategic yet relatively modest bet in Indonesia and if we get it right we think it will be transformational for the aerospace business. So I think it will be state-of-the-art machining center that is incredibly cost sensitive, yet hugely capable and I think it could be disruptive. So we'll see its early days, we haven't spend a lot of time talking about it only because again the facilities drop [ph] and we're starting to launch product there but let's see what happens through fiscal year '18 as we start to get to critical mass and we're pretty excited about it. Your second question, we had -- you can imagine, you know, a company approaching $20 billion in size, we don't always get everything right and we had a largely a single customer issue in the energy space and it wouldn't be a brand that you probably would know, so it was a small customer, non-U.S. and we decided to disengage with the customer.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details, that's greatly appreciated.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thank you, good afternoon. Just another question regarding the EMS segment and your 3% growth target that really marked the first year and about four years that you're growing that business. If you look at the sub segments that you used to report out, enterprise and infrastructure, high velocity which includes consumer technology and the industrial in clean-tech; what are some of the growth drivers and assumptions for growth for each of those sub segments?
Mark Mondello: I won't get into that detail but I like the question. You know, I think your question kind of illustrates what then I was trying to say earlier in prepared remarks. We're seeing it across the board and I would say areas that we're driving, so even in end markets that might be declining a bit, we're picking up share. So I don't know how sustainable that is but it's happening, so I'll take it. In areas that I think are more sustainable in the EMS space; automotive is quite interesting to us, energy is quite interesting to us. What we're doing on some industrial areas is pretty interesting to us. We've -- we're doing a lot in kind of security in digital home. We're doing some really cool stuff in kind of what I would call hyper cloud type of things and our Telco business is strong. And then I think I also mentioned in my prepared remarks kind of capital semi-cap equipment and what's going on in the world of silicon right now and we're playing in that space. And I would also say our FY18 numbers with the growth probably include three or four other markets that we'll tend to talk about more in September or December when they become a little bit more relevant.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thank you, that's helpful. And just a follow-up; Forbes, in terms of that $2.60 EPS target for next year -- what is of -- is there a share count assumption there or the assumption on just sort of a steady progression in terms of buybacks to help you get to that number in addition to the margin expansion?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. I do a steady progression on buybacks, I assume something similar to this year. I assume that cash flows will be there which I believe -- and that will fulfill close to the $1 billion.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thanks a lot.
Forbes Alexander: Okay, welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherry [ph] with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. Thinking about the $2.60 for fiscal '18 and Mark thanks for the detail on the 70-30 split but it seems like -- you know, depending on your revenue growth assumption, it probably suggests an operating margin somewhere in the 4% range; you guys have been able to hit 4% in the past but you haven't historically been able to stay at those levels. So how sustainable do you think that level or operating margin will be for you as we move beyond fiscal '18 and into '19 and '20?
Mark Mondello: I don't know. I mean, I -- we're efforting like crazy to get there, kind of reset the company, how sustainable it is after that. I think if we get there, it's sustainable but we've got a lot of work to do and I think your math is correct, I think that as a corporation, you know, if we hit the midpoint of our guidancing in 4Q of this year, I think our corporate margins for the year will be around 3.5%. You know, if we can pick up 20/30 basis points year-on-year, that's good; if we can pick up a full 50 basis points in margin in '18, I think that's really good. So again, when I think about cash flows, when I think about management and CapEx, when I think about our guide forward, when I think about a lot of the stuff we've talked about on the call, when I think about all the different aspects to the business -- you know, we're sitting in a pocket right now, we're -- A) we're doing what we're saying we're doing and a lot of good things are happening. So I'd like to see us get to the 4% before I think about how sustainable that is and we're working hard to get there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just to follow-up on the DMS segment, I assume most of the seasonality that we're seeing in August is related to mobility but can you remind us what type of seasonality you typically see in the non-mobility segment of the business at DMS? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I'd say there is not a lot of seasonality in the non-mobility DMS. If anything you could -- you maybe think about it, you know, for talking strictly about healthcare and packaging, just because of how that business runs; you know, I might give that a 40-60 or 45-55 split with the backhalf being a little bit stronger but there is not a ton of seasonality to that Sherry.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome.
Operator: And we've reached our allotted time for the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Adam Berry for any closing remarks.
Adam Berry: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. We'll certainly be here this evening for any follow-up calls you may have. And thank you again for your interest in Jabil.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-03-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer, Director Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matt Sheerin - Stifel Jim Suva - Citi Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Sean Hannan - Needham Adrienne Colby - Deutsche Bank Steven Fox - Cross Research Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Tejas Venkatesh - UBS Adam Tindle - Raymond James
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Jabil's second quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you so much. Welcome to our second quarter of 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2017 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and on Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with opening comments from Mark on our second quarter results. Forbes will follow with more detailed second fiscal quarter results and guidance for our third fiscal quarter of 2017. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. As always, a special thanks to our remarkable team here at Jabil. They do an outstanding job serving our customers while also keeping an intense focus on keeping our employees safe, each and every day. It's simple. Here at Jabil, safety is job number one across our entire global enterprise. I will begin today by addressing our second quarter results. The execution by our team during the quarter was exceptional. Nearly all of our business sectors performed at or above plan in terms of both revenue and income. These collective efforts resulted in $0.48 of core earnings per share on revenues of $4.45 billion. I am pleased with these results and believe they accurately reflect the effectiveness of our strategy, a strategy to increase the quality and diversification of our cash flows and our earnings. As customary, Forbes will provide more detail around our quarterly results and speak to our forward guidance during his prepared remarks. Before taking you through the business details, I would like to reinforce management's commitment and confidence in delivering $3 in core earnings per share for fiscal year 2019. Our confidence is underpinned by the following. First, we are now in year three of a true market facing divisional structure led by teams with incredible domain expertise. Second, each of our business sectors are becoming more and more diversified in terms of their respective cash flows and income. This is occurring as we thoughtfully expand our customer count with market leading brands. In fact, when I looked at our customer base, I have never felt better about the foundational balance and strength of our core business. And third, management remains committed to returning $900 million to $1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends by the end of fiscal year 2018, as previously communicated under our two-year capital allocation framework. I will now offer some thoughts and specifics as to what's driving our business as we look to the back half of the fiscal year and into fiscal year 2018. I will start with our EMS segment. Our EMS team continues to maintain tremendous momentum as evidenced by 50 basis point pickup in core operating margins year-on-year when comparing Q2 2017 to our second quarter of fiscal year 2016. In addition, the team is also well prepared to deliver a core operating margin of 4.2% during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Today, the strength in our EMS business is largely derived from outstanding execution, intense cost management and most importantly experienced teams, teams who thrive on aligning near perfect solutions with the exact needs of the customers they serve. The diversification of our $11 billion EMS business, which makes up roughly 60% of Jabil's revenue, offers a stable backbone to Jabil's core, which in turn, affords further predictability of our cash flows. We will use these cash flows for future investment and yet even deeper customer engagements across the company. Now I will move to our DMS segment. I will start by addressing our mobility business. The team is once again performing wonderfully. They exhibit a unique and invaluable combination of capability, capacity and what we have termed optimal readiness at scale. This combined with precision engineering and proficiency in material sciences has allowed Jabil to become a most dependable solutions provider in an area of the mobility market that has a high barrier to entry. As our DMS business transitions from fiscal 2017 to the first half of fiscal year 2018, there is a very likely opportunity for this segment to experience a high rate of productive utilization across the installed asset base. With that said, I will again remind you, Jabil's DMS financial results are highly dependent on overall product sell-through in the mobility market space. Next our consumer lifestyles business serves exciting brands. Brands poised to change the way in which we capture and interpret the world around us. Brands in the areas like augmented reality and high-tech connected devices. This business leverages distinct capability investments giving Jabil true differentiation and positions us as the beneficiary of incremental income as we look towards fiscal year 2018 and beyond. Lastly within our DMS segment, healthcare and packaging are extremely well positioned to prosper in the coming years as our service offerings solidly align with the needs of the market. As I communicated during our call back in December, we expect these combined businesses to grow core earnings at an annual growth rate of 20% or greater from fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2019. These businesses are advancing beautifully, becoming more and more material to Jabil's overall portfolio. Our healthcare and packaging sectors are yet another illustration of the demonstrated value Jabil brings forth in a deliberate and thoughtful fashion to targeted end markets. Our healthcare team, they are improving the way in which people live. While our packaging team is busy working side-by-side with leading consumer brands, creating innovative packaging solutions, resulting in brand brilliance. Let me now take a minute and move from our reporting segments to addressing the company as a whole. In an effort to help you think about the business for the second half of fiscal year 2017, I take the midpoint of the guidance we are providing today for our third quarter and I would assume a 70% to 75% increase in terms of core operating income, when thinking about Jabil's fourth fiscal quarter. If achieved, this outlook would result in the strongest 4Q in Jabil's history and offer a very favorable segue into what's typically our strongest quarter of the year, our first fiscal quarter, Q1. Lastly, Forbes and I maintain our belief that free cash flow for the year will be in the range of $2.50 a share with capital expenditures remaining in the range of $500 million to $600 million. Before I hand the call over to Forbes, a few final comments. Jabil has shareholders at the forefront of our thoughts. Our leadership team remains confident in our path forward. We believe in what we are doing. We believe what we are doing is working. There is clear evidence that our diversified portfolio strategy has taken hold. I like what I see as I look ahead. In closing, our team has set a lofty goal, a goal to become the world's most advanced manufacturing solutions company. And as we effort towards this goal, we will always respect the environment, we will aim to make a positive difference in the world and we will constantly focus on keeping our people safe. Thank you. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you Mark. Good afternoon everyone. I will ask you to turn to slide three, where I will review our second quarter of fiscal year 2017 results. Net revenue for the second quarter was $4.45 billion, growth of 1% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $83 million, while GAAP net income was $21 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.11 for the quarter. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges was $152 million and represented 3.4% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.48. Turning to slide four on our segment discussion. Revenue for our diversified manufacturing services segment was $1.8 billion, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis and represented 40% of total company revenue. Operating income for the quarter was 3.1%. Revenues exceeded our previous guidance as we continue to see strong year-over-year performance from our healthcare, packaging and consumer lifestyle sectors. Our electronics manufacturing services segment revenue was $2.7 billion, also an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis and this represented 60% of total company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 3.7%, an improvement of 50 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $755 million. While net capital expenditures for the second fiscal quarter totaled $139 million, year-to-date, net capital expenditures totaled $302 million. Mark noted capital expenditures for the full fiscal year remained in the range of $500 million to $600 million. The second fiscal quarter tracked to expectations in terms of cash flows from operations and totaled $194 million. We continue to be very well positioned to deliver annual cash flows from operations of at least $1 billion and free cash flows of at least $450 million. The core return on invested capital for the second quarter was 13.1%. Turning to the capital return framework that we announced last year. This remains a key focus as we move through the fiscal year and into fiscal 2018. Our plan is to return 40% of cash flows from operations via dividends and share repurchases to a maximum of $1 billion remained very well positioned. To-date, we have returned some $291 million in dividends and share repurchases under this framework. Of our current share repurchase authorization, which is $400 million and as at the end of the February quarter, we have utilized $245 million of this authorization repurchasing some 11.8 million shares at an average price of $20.71. Touching on our restructuring alignment plan. Actions that we have taken to enhance organizational efficiency and effectiveness are well underway and on track. As such, we recorded $45 million in the second quarter. The cash portion of such charges being $8 million. And now I would like to discuss our guidance for the third quarter fiscal of 2017 which you can find on slide five. The diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to increase 9% on a year-over-year basis to $1.6 billion, while the electronic manufacturing services segment is expected to decrease 1% on a year-over-year basis with revenues of $2.8 billion. We expect total company revenue in the third quarter to be in the range of $4.25 billion to $4.55 billion or an increase of 2% at the midpoint of the range on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $90 million to $130 million. Core operating margin in the range of 2.1% to 2.9%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.39 per diluted share. Expectations are for a GAAP loss per share to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.03 per diluted share. The tax rate on core earnings in both the third and fourth quarters is estimated to be 28%, based on the current levels of forecast income. Thus the core tax rate for the full fiscal year in 2017 is now estimated to be 27%. In closing, we are pleased with the first half of fiscal 2017. And as Mark noted, we are very well positioned for of second half of this fiscal year with continued positive momentum as we move into our fiscal 2018. Opportunity for the EMS segment operating margin expansion continues. Our DMS segment continues to see growth in our healthcare, packaging and consumer lifestyle sectors, while our mobility organization is not only executing well at the current demand levels, but is also positioning themselves with technical leadership to support new customers, new product generations and multiple product ramps. With that, I would now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Thank you Forbes and Mark. Operator, before we begin the Q&A session, I would like to remind all of our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not address any customer or product specific question and thank you for your cooperation. Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Mark, you have talked about the medical and packaging business growing double digits for the next few years. I was wondering if there is some seasonality to these businesses? Just directionally, which quarter is stronger, which is weaker? Any directional guidance?
Mark Mondello: I think I would layer that business in pretty equal across the year. I can't make much sense of it. Our business has a little bit more strength in Q3 and Q4. It has nothing to do with anything in the industry. It's kind of how our demand layers in. But I don't know, if I had to guess, I would guess maybe like a 40/60 weighting for that business, first half to second half. And I think that's probably a good call for the balance of this year and 2018.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay. Great. Thanks. That's very helpful. And then my second question is, I think in the past you have said on the mobility side your economic profile hasn't changed on a per unit basis. Based on what you know of the new launches coming up, is that statements still true? Do you still think that your economic profile is still the same?
Mark Mondello: Economic profile is kind of a broad term. But I guess I would answer it this way. We feel reasonably good about how our mobility business is performing today and the next number of quarters looking ahead.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Great. And sorry, the last one for me. You haven't changed your CapEx guidance. So I am assuming that, based on the forecast you have, you think your existing assets will have good utilization and will be sufficient for the launches. Is that correct?
Mark Mondello: That's a good assumption set.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: All right. Great. Thank you so much. I appreciate all the color and congrats on the quarter.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin, Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Hi. Yes. Thanks and good afternoon. Just a couple questions for me. Regarding your guidance for EMS for the August quarter, targeting 4.2% operating margin, that would be your best result in memory and certainly above most of your peers. In terms of getting there, how much of that is volume? In other words, are you expecting a return to year-on-year growth there? And how much is based on mix and the restructuring program that you have been doing?
Mark Mondello: Well, I think it's a combination of both. My guess is, is that revenue is tied directly to EMS. If you look at what we printed in 2Q, revenue in the fourth quarter will be slightly up and the balance of it will be mix. So I agree it's margins we haven't seen in a while. If you just go back about two, two-and-a-half years, we were running that business at to two points of margin and we have picked up whatever that is, 220 basis points of margin and great credit to the team. So I feel very good about that business. And one of things that give me confidence in the EMS business is the business is incredibly diversified today. So I don't know the exact customer count but I would guess in our EMS business alone we probably have 180 customers or so. And the income, the cash flows and the revenue are up spread across a really solid customer base.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks for that. And then on the DMS business. It's sort of backing into margin assumptions given your target on operating income for the August quarter, it looks like that's going to be in the 3% to 4% range, which is obviously a big step up from where you are going to be in the May quarter. I know that as you ramp new products in the new cycle for your big customer, there are often costs and yield issues related to that. So it sounds like based on that target that you have relative confidence that you are going to be able to transition fairly smoothly with that product transition?
Mark Mondello: As confident as we can be. There is a lot of moving parts. We have, as I kind of alluded to in my prepared comments, our team has just tremendous capability. And I have a ton of confidence in our team based on the track record and we have great capacity installed and we intend to leverage that capacity. I think when I shake all that up and kind of figure out what that might look like as we sit today is I think the margin range for DMS for 4Q in the 3.3%, 3.4% range makes sense. But again, we have got a lot of work ahead of us. But as we sit today, that feels pretty good to us. And I would also remind you that other contributors to that DMS business in the fourth quarter, it has to do with healthcare and packaging as well.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva, Citi.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much and congratulations to you and your team there.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Jim.
Jim Suva: Can you help me understand with DMS, I believe it was, if my math is correct, up about 1% this quarter year-over-year. How come operating margins came down year-over-year, you expect like with volumes and efficiencies? Or is it like investing in the future? Or how should we think about, typically the revenues going higher that margins should expand?
Mark Mondello: I think there is a number of variables, but I would tell you that the overwhelming variable in that, Jim, is, we have installed more capacity. So our infrastructure is bigger, depreciation is bigger. And again we have talked about this for a number of quarters, we could have made decisions not to put the infrastructure in place and the capacity in place. But we look to leverage that forward-looking. So that's the biggest catalysts to what you are alluding to. There is a few other variables in there but those knobs are fairly small.
Jim Suva: Great. I fully understand it. Thank you so much for your details and clarification. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney, Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is a follow up on DMS margins. Mark, you commented about the potential for utilization rates to be at a high level in the coming quarters and you also are talking about some very nice earnings growth in the healthcare and packaging parts of the business. So if all of those factors play out, as we start thinking about later this calendar year or early fiscal 2018, how could DMS margins compare to some of the historical peak periods when it got into the high six range? It that achievable or even beatable?
Mark Mondello: I think I would think of it this way. I would take kind of the coaching I gave to Matt. I think it was on the comment on the prior question in terms of 4Q. So as we move into 2018, I think the long term range we have given for DMS in terms of margins is 5% to 7% and I think that's achievable as we move into fiscal year 2018.
Mark Delaney: Okay. So then a follow-up on the EMS segment on the revenue outlook for next quarter, revenue down about 1% year-over-year. I know profitability is improving but maybe you can just help us understand the reason for the slight decline in EMS sales. Is it sluggish macros? Are you guys walking away from business to improve the margins? Or any sort of specific products that are causing that slight revenue decline? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Good observation. I don't think it's any of that. I don't have a good explanation for you other than to think about 2Q to 3Q revenue is up, whatever it is, $150 million or whatever. That business is in very, very good shape. Could there be some circumstances where the reason margins are going up is because maybe for some small accounts or whatnot, if we weren't able to get some decent ROIC or whatnot we walked away, there might be some of that, but overall, Mark, that business is in very good shape at the moment.
Mark Delaney: Thank you are much.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan, Needham.
Sean Hannan: Yes. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question here. First think I wanted to see if ask about the $900 million that you folks have talked about in terms of returning to shareholders through the end of F2018, how much is actually remaining on that at this point?
Forbes Alexander: So to-date, we have returned about $300 million, something in that nature. So we are about a third of the way through. So pretty much on track. Remember, that does include dividends as well as the stock repurchasing.
Sean Hannan: Okay. All right. So we just started simply for fiscal 2017 here. Okay. And then bigger picture question here. As you folks think about strategically plan for some of the changes that may influence business more coming out of Washington, thinking about footprint capacity here domestically, can you can you frame for us a little bit of context of, if there is a push or a little bit more of a requirement for you to support your customers more so domestically, what type of conversation have you had with customers around that? What that type of availability is there within your existing footprint today and available and/or qualified capacity? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Hi Sean. It's Mark. So since mid-January, Forbes and myself and other management have probably have been on about 60 to 80 calls from customers asking, hey, could we run some simulations, can we run some models, what if, what if, what if? One of the things that we are not doing is, is we are not offering the customers positions or thoughts about what may or may not happen in terms of tariff, tax, et cetera. But I think we are in a great position to run a bunch of different what-if scenarios. One of things we have encouraged our customers to do is run three, four, five scenarios so they kind of get it into muscle memory and therefore depending on whatever happens in terms of DC and the U.S. government, we are ready to act swiftly. I think we are very well positioned on an absolute basis and a relative basis. If you think about business coming back into the U.S., Jabil has a significant amount of capacity in the U.S. and resource and headcount. We have also been building product in the U.S. forever. If you think about Jabil from a political standpoint, we are an NYSE U.S. domiciled company. So I think both practically and politically, we are in a very, very good position to help. And then I would supplement that by saying, our digital cloud-based analytic tools in terms of supply chain analytics are being exercised quite heavily at the moment running a bunch of these different scenarios. So for us, it's kind of being well prepared, helping our customers be well prepared and we will see what happens in the coming months out of Washington.
Sean Hannan: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner, Deutsche Bank.
Adrienne Colby: Hi. It's Adrienne Colby for Sherri. Thanks for taking the questions. I was wondering if you could comment on what drove the upside in EMS sales versus expectations in the quarter? And along with that, what is driving the expectations for a decline in sales next quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Hi. This is Forbes. In terms of the upside this particular quarter, it was relatively broad based. I think it's only about $25 million, $30 million to our expectations. So pretty broad based, certainly given the number of customers in the EMS segment that Mark discussed earlier. As we move forward into Q3, I would then 1% on a year-over-year basis, sequentially up 5%. So it's in really good shape. Again, we talk in percentage terms, but it's a little bit of rounding in the revenue on a year-over-year basis than what $30 million or something of that nature. So that business is performing well, really across all the business sectors, if you will. And with that a very nice sustainable margin profile.
Adrienne Colby: Thanks. And as a follow-up, at your Analyst Day last fall, you talked about new market opportunities Jabil was looking to penetrate with 3D printing and digital supply chain tools. Just wondering if there are any updates you can share on those initiatives or any new customers you can talk about?
Mark Mondello: Can't talk about any new customers. We are, I think I would characterize both in digital world as well as 3D print as well as new markets, I would characterize it as in all cases we are either at or ahead of plan. So we feel pretty bullish about all those areas. And again, none of those will have an impact in the back half of 2017 and they probably won't have much of an impact in early 2018. I would guess that those type of businesses will start to be impactful at the back half of 2018 and moving into fiscal year 2019.
Adrienne Colby: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox, Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just first on the EMS margins. Maybe could you give us a sense for the 50 basis points improvement year-over-year? How much of that was from just cost down versus mix and volume? And then along similar lines on EMS margins, as you move towards the 4.2%, is there an assumption here that new businesses in general is being added at around 4% margin? Or is that not necessarily the case? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Steve. I don't think I would make that assumption. I think and I touched on this a little bit in the prepared remarks. The EMS team is just doing a phenomenal job in terms of asset utilization, execution. And then I hit on it quickly, but we are in our year three of our org structure changes and what I am observing is that all the different end markets and the different sectors we serve across EMS and again, it's broad based, we have got teams now that really, really understand the marketplace, can talk to customers in their language, whether it be automotive or energy or cloud data or hyper data or metering or whatever it maybe and it's making a big difference. So I think I would answer both your questions kind of saying, the uplift for this quarter and then the outlook for 4Q, it's all about the fact that that business, our approach is different. We are being very, very diligent on business that we are saying yes to and cumulatively and overall, it's a big book of business, it's $11 billion going to $12 billion. So what we are doing is working.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. And then just on the healthcare and consumer packaging business, in terms of the confidence around the 20% profit growth profile over the next couple of years, is there anything you can point to successes during the quarter just completed or things you booked for this quarter that give you more confidence around that number since you last talked to us?
Mark Mondello: What gives me confidence is, we have had our pick and our shovel hand-in-hand grinding in the healthcare and packaging business for the last two-and-a-half, three years. The team is awesome. Our value proposition has finally kind of framed out to where it's being really well received in both markets. And the last couple of years have been, to me, more of an investment phase. So we have added resource. We have taken away from some of the income through increasing OpEx and Steve Borges and his group and Erich Hoch in our packaging group, they have put together what I would characterize as pretty amazing teams. And our value prop in both of those areas has taken hold. So my confidence as I sit here today on the 20% CAGR from 2016 to 2019 is very high.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani, RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks. Good afternoon guys. I guess two questions for me. In the last call, you talked about DMS revenues in August quarter this year would be roughly equal to what you saw in August 2015 quarter. Would you recalibrate that expectation? Or you still feel pretty good about that $1.9 billion bogie for Q4 for DMS?
Mark Mondello: Well, your observation is correct. Again Amit, you know this business as good as anybody on the call, right. And you know the variables, you know the catalysts, you know the puts and takes. It's a high bet business and I will just say that, again, I think our team does an amazing job. I think we are reasonably well positioned and we will see how it plays out. But I feel pretty good about what we said in prepared remarks and [indiscernible] after we get through the fourth quarter. But as we sit today, things look pretty good.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. I guess my view is, again, you guys talked about the EMS segment being on 4% operating margins. Today you are talking about 4.2%. So you are modestly upticking there. I don't think you have changed your broader discussion around the company's profits. Does that imply that DMS margins are somewhat below what you thought it would be 90 days ago?
Mark Mondello: No, not at all. I think our DMS margins are exactly where we thought they would be for the balance of this year. I think that there was a question earlier that was around this topic and I think we have a good opportunity to get DMS margins back in the 5% to 7% range as we move into fiscal year 2018. You combine that with the EMS margins and things could look pretty good.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Amit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tejas Venkatesh of UBS.
Tejas Venkatesh: Hi. I am filling in for Steve. But in case mobility surprises on the upside, I wanted to get an update on what amount of incremental revenue you can drive based on available capacity and within that $500 million to $600 million CapEx envelope?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I don't think the uptick in the mobility space is tied at all to the CapEx number. So the CapEx number as we play out the rest of the year with money that we haven't spent yet, I think CapEx so far first half of year is around $300 million. Very little of any CapEx for the rest of year is going into mobility. Our assets are largely in place and I would suggest that against everything you have heard today, we could take a bit of an upside on the installed asset base that we already have in place.
Tejas Venkatesh: Got it. And then how did networking and storage do in the quarter?
Mark Mondello: They held their own. That's a bit of a broad based question, because storage today is legacy storage and also cloud-based storage. I would say the cloud-based storage, the hyper data is performing better than some of the legacy storage. But overall, I would say, it's holding it's own.
Tejas Venkatesh: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Tindle, Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks and good afternoon. Just wanted to ask on DMS. It looks like revenue is going to grow relatively consistently with your long-term goals of about 5% this year, but operating margin will be down to the low 3% range. So I am just trying to understand how we bridge the 5% to 7% DMS percent operating margin that you mentioned could be achievable in fiscal 2018, given it looks like revenues currently growing at plan?
Mark Mondello: Well, we haven't provided any outlook for FY2018 yet. So kind of everything you are looking at is truncated at the end of 4Q. So it's hard to extrapolate that out. I think you know we will see. I think will talk more about that in the June call, Adam. But again, do I think the 5% to 7% range for DMS is achievable in 2018? I do. And again, I have been very bullish on commentary around packaging and healthcare. There is also a significant amount of business in our overall DMS segment that is unrelated to handsets and you guys can make a judgment on how you feel about the overall handset market. But we have made some commentary around the fact that we have got a substantial amount of fixed assets in place and we feel like we will get some decent leverage on those assets in the first part of 2018.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And given I understand that much of the depressed margin issue is attributable to the fixed cost, what level of revenue do you think you need to achieve that 5% to 7% goal?
Mark Mondello: We will talk more about that in the June call, most likely.
Adam Tindle: All right. Fair enough. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Adam.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham.
Sean Hannan: Yes. Thanks for taking my follow-up here. My follow-up actually has been answered, but let me see if I can come up with another one for you folks while I have got the opportunity. So the EMS side of the business, it looks like at least the way that we are moving today, August should be up both sequentially and year-over-year. So I want to see if we can validate that, number one? And then number two, given that there has been a lot of portfolio optimization that's been occurring, as we get to the back end of this year, do you feel that the business should be in a better position to have more sustainable growth, albeit whatever that level is, but a little bit more consistency in being able to demonstrate year-over-year growth? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Sean. I am not sure I understood your question. I think you made a comment, not so much a question but a comment that EMS kind of 4Q 2016, 4Q 2017, there is growth there. I think I said on my prepared remarks, we thought kind of 4.2% core op margin and the fourth quarter was a good place to kind drive models. If we were to achieve that, again, lots of work ahead, but if we were to achieve that I think that's about 40 basis point pickup from 4Q of 2016. So if that's what you are alluding to --
Sean Hannan: Mark, yes. Actually what I was looking to try and see if we can call out was really on the topline. I think that there is an opportunity where you can grow the EMS business in the August quarter, topline sequentially as well as year-on-year. So I wanted to see if we could validate if that's still an opportunity, even though we have been doing a lot of portfolio trimming.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think that if I remember right, in 4Q of 2016 EMS was around $4.4 billion. I think next quarter, so 3Q of 2017, EMS will be about $4.4 billion and I think that as we move into the fourth quarter of 2017, for us to kind deliver a decent year relative to consensus, EMS revenues have to be up a decent amount. So I think a good estimate there might be for 4Q in the $4.8 billion, $4.9 billion -- excuse me, for EMS $2.9 billion range. So Q4 EMS $2.8 billion, Q4 2017 $2.9 billion, somewhere in that range.
Sean Hannan: Got you. And then since we have done a lot of portfolio optimization within the business, we are driving our margins up, there is some pieces that came out of the topline more near term, is this largely accomplished now? Does this continue to happen? And then do we get to a point where as we exit 2017 that we are able to have a little bit more consistency in terms of year-over-year growth for that segment?
Mark Mondello: How would I want to answer that? I think we are efforting our whole strategy around EMS is to grow cash flows and do it on a more predictable consistent basis. I think we will see if we accomplished that. I don't know that we are there yet. But I think one good proxy would be the last five or six earnings calls around EMS and our commentary around EMS forward-looking, we have delivered to that. So I think that's a pretty decent proxy. I think as we get into the June call and the September calls, we will give you better color kind of on an annual basis of where we think EMS will be.
Sean Hannan: That's all very helpful. Thank you so much.
Mark Mondello: Thanks John.
Operator: That does conclude the Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Thank you everyone for joining us today on our earnings call. And we certainly will be here the rest of the evening and week for any follow-up calls with investors, analyst and the investment community. So thank you again for your interest and participation. Have a good night.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-12-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP, Communications and IR Mark Mondello - CEO Forbes Alexander - CFO
Analysts: Steven Fox - Cross Research Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Herve Francois - B. Riley Steven Milunovich - UBS Jim Suva - Citi  Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Market Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Adam Tindle - Raymond James Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing and welcome to the Jabil's First Quarter 2017 Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Great, thank you so much. Welcome everyone to our first quarter of 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, Jabil.com, in the investor section. Our first quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call today. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2017 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes results and to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We will begin today, with opening comments from Mark on the business and outlook for the company and then hear from Forbes on our first fiscal quarter results and guidance for our fiscal second quarter 2017. Following our opening remarks we will open it up to questions from call attendees.  I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth, good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. As always, I'd like to thank our people here at Jabil and offer my sincere appreciation for their continued focus on keeping our employees safe, while serving our customers with the utmost dedication and care. Now I'll begin today by addressing our first quarter results. The execution by our team was exceptional during the quarter as they delivered $0.69 of core earnings per share and $5.1 billion in revenue. Our financial results were strong than management anticipated, reflecting the second best quarter in Jabil's 50 year history in terms of both revenue and core operating income. The core operating margin for the first quarter was squarely in line with management's expectation of 4.1%. Throughout the quarter certain product volumes in our mobility sector were softer than expected. While the balance of our business performed at or above plan. I'm pleased with the results and believe they accurately reflect the potential and overall effectiveness of our strategy. A strategy grounded by increasing the diversification of our core earnings. Lastly we remain highly confident in our ability to deliver $3 in core earnings per share for fiscal year '19. Our management commitment communicated by Forbes during our Investor Day back in September. Forbes will speak more in detail to our business outlook and provide more color around our first quarter results during his prepared remarks. I'll now offer some thoughts as to what's driving our business as we look into the second half of the fiscal year and beyond. Let me start with some key businesses within our DMS segment. Our healthcare and packaging businesses are extremely well positioned to prosper in coming years, as our aptitude and approach solidly align with positive market trends. These businesses are advancing beautifully becoming more and more material in coming quarters. They exhibit a true growth story as margins expand, while moving from early adoption investment periods to large scale well established business sectors. We expect these combined businesses to accelerate and grow our earnings at a compounded annual growth rate of 20% or greater from fiscal year '16 through fiscal year '19. Next our consumer lifestyles business is delivering above plan. Our team serves companies poised to change the way in which we capture, interpret and process the world around us. The team has done a masterful job integrating specialized assembly, embedded camera solutions and interkit [ph] tooling delivering solutions to growth markets.  Areas such as augmented reality and high-tech connected devices. This business leverages deep and discrete capability investments giving us true differentiation and positioning Jabil to realize millions of dollars of incremental core earnings within our DMS segment as we move beyond fiscal year '17. Lastly within DMS, our mobility business remains well aligned with Apple. Our team is executing flawlessly at the moment controlling what they can control. With that said I'll remind you that Jabil's DMS financial results are dependent on our overall product demand in the handset marketplace as leverage and utilization of our existing asset base is critical to our success. Let me now move to our EMS segment. The EMS team continues to assist customers as they navigate rapid change. The solutions and services we now offer continue to increase in terms of relevancy for the wonderful OEM brands the team serves. As our EMS business moves from legacy build to print activities to build the spec and build the function models.  Our team continues to extend their value proposition as customers delegate more and more control of hardware content to Jabil. During our September call I suggested that our EMS segment would likely grow 5% to 6% in terms of core earnings for the full year, fiscal ‘16 to fiscal ‘17. While core operating margins for the MS segment would be approximately 3.5% for the year. As I sit here today 90 days later, I am pleased to communicate that our core operating margins for the back half of fiscal ‘17 will likely approach 4% for our EMS segment, while I anticipate core earnings to actually grow 10% to 12% year-on-year. Our EMS segment continues to maintain great momentum and I firmly believe this new margins structure is secular in nature. I’d say it’s the new normal. Let me now take a minute and move from our DMS and EMS segments to addressing the company as a whole. In an effort to help you think about the business in the back half of this year, if you start with the midpoint of our guidance we provided today, for Q2 ‘17.  I’d assume that 25% to 30% decline, when thinking Jabil’s third quarter in terms of core operating income. This sequential quarter-on-quarter decline reflects the typical OpEx investment required in our mobility space. As we prepare for product ramps, resulting in what we believe will be a very bullish, in fact unusually strong outlook for our fourth fiscal quarter. Finally, I’d like to comment on our previously communicated capital allocation framework. The news is quite positive for shareholders, as we remain on track to return upwards of $900 million to $1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. The capital being return to shareholders is underpinned by our intense cost management, confidence in future cash flows and our commitment to shareholders. The balance of our capital, capital not being returned to shareholders, will be thoughtfully directed towards initiatives and investments that drive new and well diversified business opportunities for Jabil. In closing and before I turn the call over to Forbes, a few parting comments. Jabil has evolved into a proud owner of a diverse set of outstanding businesses. Businesses that offer services and solutions with specialized and differentiated capabilities to a broad range of end markets. Our divisional approach allows for speed and agility to occur where it matters most at the customer. We are the brand behind the world’s best brands. As a management team, we have a lofty goal for Jabil’s brand; a goal to become the world’s most advanced manufacturing solutions company. And in doing so, we’ll keep our people safe, while always respect the environment, we’ll conduct ourselves with perfect integrity and we’ll look to make a difference in the world. With that, I’d like to wish everyone a safe and peaceful holiday season. Thank you and I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd ask you to turn to slide three, where I'll review our first quarter of fiscal year 2017 results. Net revenue for the first quarter was $5.1 billion, a decrease of 2% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $166 million, while GAAP net income was $88 million.  GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.47 for the quarter. Core operating income excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges was $210 million and represented 4.1% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.69. Turning to slide four on our segment discussion, in the quarter revenue for our diversified manufacturing services segment was $2.4 billion, a reduction of 3% on a year-over-year basis and represented 47% of total company revenue. Operating income for the quarter was 5%. Revenue exceeded our previous guidance as we experience strong year-over-year performance from healthcare, packaging and consumer lifestyle sectors.  Our electronics manufacturing services segment revenue was $2.7 billion, a decrease of 1% on a year-over-year basis and in line with expectations. This represents a 53% of overall revenues and the core operating income for this segment was 3.3%. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $747 million. Net capital expenditures for the fiscal quarter totaled $162 million, with customer contributions of some $30 million. Net expenditures for the full fiscal year remained in the range of $500 million to $600 million. The first fiscal quarter track to expectations in terms of cash flows from operations and totaled $152 million. We continue to be very well positioned to deliver annual cash flows from operations of at least the $1 billion and free cash flows of at least $450 million. Our core return on invested capital was 17.6% in the first quarter. Turning to our capital return framework, this remains a key focus as we move through fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. Our plans to return 40% cash flows from operations via dividends and share repurchases upto a maximum of $1 billion remained very well positioned.  To-date, we have returned some $239 million in dividends and share repurchases under this framework. Of our current authorization to repurchase $400 million of shares and as of the end of the November quarter, we have utilized $208 million of this authorization repurchasing some 10.2 million shares. $114 million or 5.3 million shares within our November quarter. Turning for a moment to our restructuring alignment plan, during our last earnings call I outlined actions we were undertaking to enhance organizational efficiency and effectiveness. Such actions are underway and in the first quarter we recorded charges of $36 million principally associated with headcount reductions that occurred during the course of the quarter. The cash portion of such charges is approximately $21 million.  Our overall realignment actions remain on track to plan and will result in cost savings in the range of $20 million to $30 million in fiscal year 2017. I now like to turn to guidance for our second quarter of fiscal 2017, this can be find on slide five. The diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to decline 2% on a year-over-year basis to $1.7 billion, while the electronic manufacturing services segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis with revenues of $2.65 billion. We expect total company revenue to be in the range of $4.2 billion to $4.5 billion or a decline of 1% at the midpoint of the range. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $125 million to $165 million. And core operating margin in the range of 3% to 3.7%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.57 per diluted share and GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of a loss of $0.18 to income of $0.18 per diluted share. I'd also like to take a moment to discuss our tax rate. As I noted in our last quarter's earnings call, our tax rate for the full fiscal year 2017 is estimated to be 28%. That said, there will be some distortion quarter-to-quarter as a result of actual and current forecasted income levels and the geographic mix of earnings. Thus we expect the rate in the second fiscal year to be forecast at 25% and in our third fiscal quarter the rate is expected to be 31%. As Mark noted fiscal 2017 is off to a positive start. As we move through the fiscal year we are well positioned for continued operating margin expansion within our EMS segment. Our DMS segment is seeing growth in our healthcare, packaging and consumer lifestyle sectors, while our teams in the mobility sector are executing well. We remained optimistic for the balance of fiscal 2017, while preparing for new product generations and ramps within our mobility sector that we believe will result in a strong fourth fiscal quarter. And I now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you, Forbes and thank you Mark. Operator we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session, but before we begin I’d like to remind our call participants that we will not be able to address customer specific or product specific questions. So we thank you in advance for your cooperation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: First question just on the EMS business, Mark you mentioned that some of the solutions and services are increasing in relevancy, could you talk about maybe some of the highlights from the quarter, where your value preposition is improving. And then towards getting to the 4% what would be the key drivers in terms of the value preposition helping that in terms of mix going forward? And then I had a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, sure Steve. So I think it starts with the fact that our EMS business is just so well diversified and I think between our enterprise and infrastructure business and our engineering solutions group and all of the sub-businesses below that we probably got to 200 customers in that space.  And it’s everything from the automotive world driving more electronic content to what we are doing in our StackVelocity business, what we are doing in terms of optics now on a component side versus just building the circuit boards, the semi-cap business, the semi-cap world has been a bit of a cyclical industry for the last six, eight, ten years. I think there is really good secular trend there in terms of the type of assembly work, the type of assembly work with silicon and intricacies there. So that’s an area that that we have made some fairly significant investments on and we are getting extremely good paybacks on that and we see that continuing to move forward the next three, four, five years and then we continue to move out into new markets. So, I think today, I don’t know the exact number Steve, but we’ve probably tripled the amount of product that we ship out of the company today that has to do with much more than just core electronics so kind of complete products versus circuit boards electronic module. So, I think that’s where we are getting sustainability around the value preposition and the value add portion of the business.
Steven Fox: Great, that’s really helpful. And then just understanding that you obviously can’t talk about customers, but you mentioned that the fiscal fourth quarter could be unusually strong, I mean, how much of that would you attribute to gaining print position, expand the capabilities on the mobility side? Any color you can provide on how that DMS ramp is Jabil specific? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, I think so we feel -- as we sit today, we feel good about our 4Q and it’s a combination of things; one is, we feel good about the EMS business. So in my prepared comments I talked about here is a business that back two years ago we were making 2.5 points in margin and as we close out this year, we’re looking at margins up near 4%, so that’s one area.  Number two is for the last couple of years we have been making significant investments in the healthcare and packaging arena and those investments are starting to take hold and they both will have reasonable contributions in the fourth quarter as well. And then as I mentioned we got our typical investments on the OpEx side in Q3 and we’re pretty excited about the mobility roadmap that we see in the fourth quarter.  And another area of the business that I highlighted in my prepared comments is our consumer lifestyles business, so we’re doing some pretty cool stuff there with material science, two wing solutions, miniaturization and then optics and camera modules. So, I think all of that combined gives us a pretty good outlook for the fourth quarter.
Steven Fox: Great, thank you very Much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan: Yeah, thanks very much for taking my question here. Just to follow on the last response you had their Mark and talking about the optics and camera modules. Can you expand on that in terms of the efforts within the material science piece of the business? How you see the consumer lifestyles stuff being kind of evolving from here?  And then specifically as we talked about particularly optics I think we are talking more within a handset were kind of a small footprint type of product application and if there is anything else surround that that you might want to add into it or clarify that would be helpful. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, It’s an area for us where we’ve made some fairly substantial investments, we acquired Kasalis, which is an active alignment business and the team has done really nice job of taking a look at the marketplace and really taking a look at the next four, five, six years on how folks are going to interact with the environment around them whether it be virtual reality type of gaming or augmented reality and that has a lot to do with again miniaturization, power management, material science and a lot to do with optics. So your read on the camera modules and optics is correct, it’s more miniaturization, but it’s also a solution that we think has good growth to it and another area that we are interested in that we are spending a quite a bit time on is acoustics as well because we also believe that the days of punching on a keypad those will start to get behind us in terms of greater and greater voice recognition. So, that’s another area that we are pretty excited about. We won’t see much return this year or early part of next year in terms of the acoustics, but it’s an area we are pretty excited longer term. So, again the product mix in that group two continues to be more and more diversified every single quarter.
Sean Hannan: Okay, that’s helpful. And then also as a follow on to that, when you think about where the technology is leading specific to really just consumer side of the market in consumer lifestyles.  The technology progression that you are accomplishing that you are moving forward with to what degree is this able to be leveraged in some of the more advanced technology say if we were to think about the medical space, industrial is there any application there that’s either on the conversation table today or how do you think about that type of leveraging move to forward?
Mark Mondello: I think it’s one of the most interesting things about how Jabil structure. We have these different businesses that serve different end markets. And one of the things that I think the company does a really nice job of is what we kind of call internally we have a lot crosstalk, which means that our healthcare folks spend a lot of time with our material science folks, with our folks on optics and embedded cameras.  And so the crosstalk we get both from a capability standpoint and end market standpoint is fabulous. And I think there is a whole area of what we would call kind of consumer electronics or consumer lifestyles that we’ve made a conscious decision to steer away from.  So, there is a whole a lot of gadgets out there. There is different type of wearable products and things like that and there is just no income to that it’s all about who can offer up the next penny. And we are really going down the path of kind of higher end products with control points and participation in higher end technology. So I would envision aerospace, defense, automotive, healthcare, those are some markets that I think will end up having some decent crosstalk with our consumer lifestyles group.
Sean Hannan: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Herve Francois of B. Rile.
Herve Francois: Hi, good evening. Thanks very much. Could you guys talk a little bit and I apologize you mentioned this during your opening remarks in regards to your gross margins and I guess even the guidance as well is the number one factors continue to really to be the mix of business between the two segments. Are there any other kind of material items that impacts that gross margin one way or another?
Forbes Alexander : Herve it’s Forbes, let me take a swing at that. I think as Mark said in his prepared remarks, a lot of that gross margin performance as we think forward here certainly over Q2 and Q3 there is really a run to leverage and utilization of the asset base we have in place within our mobility sector. So as you see those types of volumes come back and certainly as we move in our Q4 you'll see gross margins at least not back there.  But I'd also point out is I think we’re doing a really nice job around our SG&A number in return of the OpEx and continue to manage that down having taken some actions in October and those will continue as we move through the balance of the year here. So we should also see some snap coming out of that.
Mark Mondello: Yeah Herve I'd like to comment a follow up on Forbes. The one thing I think yeah it’s business mix and certainly some sensitivity around the handset market and what not. But the one thing I couldn't be more proud of with the entire leadership team is the amount of aggression and just overall care that the leadership team has given around the cost side.  So I think one of the things when I think about why would I think that the EMS margin structure is not going to go back to 2 points is I think the EMS business today benefits from some of the tough decisions we made 18-24 months ago in terms of overall cost platform and cost structures. And I'd envision that the announcement of the restructuring that we're talking about back in September I would envision additional payback on that for the coming 24 to 36 months. So one of the things that the team does a really nice job of is getting after things they control and one of that is overall operating cost and one of them is overhead cost. So the team has done a nice job there.
Herve Francois: Got it. So I guess just to that point thank you that's helpful. Outside of the pickup reductions that you had taken you discussed last quarter that was largely SG&A related. When you see over the next couple of quarters are you kind of comfortable where you are with your headcount based on some of the forecast that you’re looking at amongst your business lines that you're pretty much done with that?
Mark Mondello: Yeah we feel great with it how the company is positioned. On our environment step change is pretty quick, but as kind of we extrapolate out to the $3 a share we're shooting for in fiscal year '19 the cost structure we have in place is superb for that.
Herve Francois: Got it, that's helpful. And to your team happy holidays, thank you.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, you as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Milunovich of UBS. 
Steven Milunovich: Thank you. Forbes I think you said at the Analysts Day that free cash flow per share this year could be around $2.50, is that still the case?
Forbes Alexander : Yeah that's correct. It should certainly be $450 million plus yeah.
Steven Milunovich: Okay. And then I just want to clarify a couple of comments about growth. On the EMS you said the plan was for 5% to 6% profit growth that's now 10% to 12% that's for the full year I assume. And then on the healthcare and packaging, I thought at the Analysts Day you said double-digit and then today you said over 20% growth over the next few years. Is that sort of increased at all?
Mark Mondello: Yeah it has Steve. So let me take those one at a time, I think what I said back in the June call is I gave some numbers around the EMS segment for the first half of '17. And my memory could be off, but the way I recall it is I think in the September call I said that the EMS segment would grow 5% to 6% in terms of core earnings for the full year. And in my prepared remarks today I took that upto 10% to 12% and that's for the full year in absolute income dollars FY16 to FY17. And in terms of the healthcare and packaging, I think in our last call I talked about healthcare and packaging maybe growing at 10% to 15% year-on-year. And I believe I did say at the Investor Day that it would be double-digits and today I talked about healthcare and packaging for the next couple of years growing at a CAGR of 20% plus and we feel pretty good about that. 
Steven Milunovich: Okay. And then you do have a pretty wide range for the next quarter, is there any particular reason for that?
Mark Mondello: Because I mean it’s -- we’re dealing with some high beta businesses in our DMS segment and we feel good about the midpoint, I think the midpoint of the range is around $145 million and I think from a core EPS standpoint it’s around $0.46. But there is a lot of moving parts for the quarter. That’s all.
Steven Milunovich: Okay, thanks. 
Mark Mondello: Yeah. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citi.
Jim Suva: Great, thank you very much. Two questions and I will give them kind of at the same time. It looks like your EPS range is larger and I think on the last question you talked a little bit I think you said your answer was because of a lot of moving parts moving around. Can you help us understand about what’s different now because it seems like the past two years you did a lot of CapEx under it and you said you’re very excited about this year.  So I am just kind of wondering about kind of what the real reason or not the real reason, but what’s the reason why there is a bigger range? And then my second question is, did you give full year EPS guidance here in the revenues or if not why not, because it seems like you are talking about fiscal Q2, Q3 and Q4 about some variations of what’s going on with the margins and stuff like that. So can you help us out with the EPS guide for the full year or if not why are you not giving full year guidance?
Mark Mondello: Okay Jim let me try to hit those. So I think the guidance range we have is not all that the similar to the guidance range we gave in going into Q2 last year. So I think it’s like a midpoint plus or minus 12%, 13% and I think that’s pretty consistent with last year and again it’s no more complicated other than we feel good about the broad based EMS business, we feel good about the healthcare and packaging and again I think everybody is aware of the high beta nature of our mobility business. So it’s not to more than that. In terms of guidance for the whole year, I think what we feel good about is, is to talk about things in our control and the things that are in our control or things like cost; things that are in our control is for us to be able to update you real time on activities around product roadmaps and what not in anticipated investments and we end up being more descript around things like cash flows for the years because the cash flows don’t seem to have the same sensitivity as say earning do in terms of potential volatility in certain parts of our business. So that’s the rationale for not giving full year guidance, but I think we gave a decent amount of color in the things that we have reasonable confidence in, if you kind to take the comments you can extrapolate out the EMS business out through the end of the year, I think you can model out some good estimates around healthcare and packaging and then you can kind of back into a Q3 number based on some information I gave in my prepared comments of where we see Q3 relative to Q2 and we gave some background of why that is.  And then we’re fairly -- as we sit today we’re fairly bullish around Q4 and if you can imagine Q4 revenue levels on the DMS side maybe being similar to say a Q4 of 2015 you can kind of see how all that will model out for the year.
Jim Suva: Okay, great. And after hearing all that, it actually makes a lot of reasonable sense and I sincerely appreciate all the details and wish you and your families and loved ones a happy holidays. Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Jim, you as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Market.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. I guess two questions from me as well. Mark I want to go back to just the number that you talked about DMS getting to the same run rate in Q4 as you were and I guess in August of ‘15 it should be like a $1.9 billion number that would imply that you actually have a stronger DMS quarter than you have had in last four, five years, just want to make sure that that’s sort of what you intent to talk about that this business could be up high 20% sequentially in the August quarter this year.
Mark Mondello: Yeah let me -- I don’t -- I am not saying that our Q4 would be one of the strongest quarters in the last eight quarters, if you look at we just posted a Q1 number that I think DMS revenues were like $2.4 billion if I have that number right. And we had a really strong Q1 of last year. If you're asking around our anticipation of Q4 for DMS in '17 relative to '16, I do think it will be stronger as we sit today. And yes I said for modeling purposes and kind of helping you understand where our heads at, I think the Q4 '17 in terms of DMS revenue closer to say the fourth quarter of fiscal year '15 probably is reasonable.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then I guess just broadly I mean, I think 90 days ago and even at the Analysts Day you guys were more hesitant about talking about full year numbers today you seem to be a lot more comfortable about it. What sort of changed because it's in the context of I think investors have a lot of apprehension around what happens with the new models you’re your largest customer and how much or how little do you play there.  Is that what’s changed that you have a much better understanding today in terms of the scope of your engagement with your largest customers that hands the content in August or is there something else that's out there that's giving you more conviction.
Mark Mondello: Well it's an additional days which in our marketplace like dough years so it's a lot. The other part is we do sense that there is an awful lot of apprehension. And yes, there is still a bunch of risk. You guys all understand the risks around each different element of our business.  But the apprehension in some of the thoughts that we're going out the business with our largest customer this is just not factual. So I think that's what you're sensing is I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in anyway there is a lot of work to do between now and the June, July, August timeframe. There is a thousand variables that are going to impact the business. But again as we sit here today and we look in kind of a holistic view of what's going in the EMS space what's going on in the healthcare space what's going on in the consumer lifestyle space what's happening for us in packaging. And then you add to it the mobility space that's what's driving our commentary for the back half of the year. 
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And if I can just sneak a really quick question in how do you think about DMS margins as you go through the year. Do you think they will be much more stable as you go through this year or would you see maybe fiscal year '16?
Mark Mondello: No I don't. I think if you just kind of look at the guidance we just provided for 2Q. And you think about the commentary on EMS side I think you can kind of get an idea of where we think DMS will come in this quarter. I don't think the margins in DMS are going to good in 3Q because as I motioned it's a heavy investment period.  And I think DMS on an absolute dollar line loss money in 3Q of '16. And I do think the fourth quarter overall for the company will be good. So I think we'll see some variability to the DMS margins somewhat like last year this year.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Thank you and good luck in the quarter guys.
Mark Mondello: Yeah thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank. 
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thanks. I was hoping to get a little more detail into what you're seeing in the EMS segment specifically in the server and the storage market. And then regarding your longer term guidance to grow more than 3% CAGR through '19, just trying to understand what gives you confidence that that segment can return to growth over the next three years?
Mark Mondello: Well Sherri I think what we're seeing is in the legacy storage area that business is there is parts of it that are down, there is parts of it that are flat and in the cloud area that's where we're seeing most of the growth. We're also seeing some really good opportunistic place for us both in terms of the legacy area and in terms of picking up market share with current customers, our execution has been excellent.  The team is doing a great job in taking care of some great brands. And then in our StackVelocity area and the cloud computing area that's an area for us that our value proposition has changed a little bit and we’re seeing some good wins and they are not huge, but they are in the tens of millions of dollars which is good business. In terms of overall growth for EMS, when you take the puts and takes I think the EMS business over the next couple of years will grow like Forbes said in the Analysts Day, I think he said it would grow sub 5% and we feel that’s a kind of a 0% to 5% growth rate business, but our value preposition continues to change.  So if you think about that business over the next couple of years in low single-digit growth, but with better sustained margins, we’re pretty pleased with it, especially if you look at that business from kind of a cash flow or free cash flow basis.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, thanks. And then just Forbes, can you just repeat what you said about the share buyback, how much you spend and how many shares you bought back? Thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah absolutely. So of the $400 million authorization we have in place, we’ve used $208 million to-date. So 10.2 million shares and in the November quarter, we actually used $114 million or 5.3 million shares were retired.
Sherri Scribner: Thanks, happy holidays. 
Forbes Alexander: Thank you. Same to you. 
Mark Mondello: Same to you Sherri. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Tindle of Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thank you. Just wanted to start on DMS, with the revenue upside well above your expectation didn’t really translate to operating margin upside. So could you just talk about why the upside didn’t translate on the operating margin line in the quarter?
Mark Mondello: Yeah, that one was simple, it was as I mentioned in my prepared remarks Adam, the mobility side was slightly weaker than we expected and there was other parts of the DMS sector that were stronger than expected. So in certain parts of our DMS business, especially when you think about the different sets of assets we have, if we would have generated I think we over shot the midpoint on revenue by roughly $200 million and the vast majority of that was DMS.  We would have seen probably 12, 15 points of leverage on that. But it was based on where the additional revenue came from within the DMS sector. So I think our overall leverage on that $200 million was $9 million, $10 million and had it been other business it might have been closer to $12 million or $15 million.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And then just wanted zoom in on the 3Q DMS guidance, it look like you probably going to near 0% operating margin or so if I am reading this correctly. Understand that there is investments involved there, can you help us with maybe how much investment is implied so we can have a sense for the 4Q upswing. Or maybe another way to ask this is to say that you talked about revenue being similar to fiscal 4Q ‘15 would operating income dollars be similar?
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to go there, I mean what I would tell you is we’re banking on some fairly significant investments in the third quarter and we view that as a positive. The nice thing is we have been to able to navigate say a tough road map and we’re able to leverage existing fixed assets that we have. So Forbes talked about our CapEx for the year, our net CapEx for the year is still going to be at a very, very good level. We talked about free cash flow for the year being still in the $450 million range, we’re really, really pleased with that, that’s what’s driving again a decent amount of capital return framework. And I also view the level of investments that we’re planning to make in 3Q as a positive because we wouldn’t be making those investments unless we felt good about the products that follow. So I think on the DMS line, again in my prepared remarks I said something along the lines of if you take our midpoint of 2Q, which is $145 million of core operating income and you adjust that down 25% or 30% that probably gets you a core operating absolute dollars for Q3. If you take the EMS business and you start modeling that and running that up towards 4% then I am not sure how the math works, but doing it quickly in my head that would suggest that the DMS space is probably close to zero, maybe even slightly negative.
Adam Tindle: Right, I guess maybe just following up real quick on that. Help us understand you sound really confident in the $3 in fiscal ‘19 plan that’s predicated on DMS target range of 5% to 7%. Maybe what gives you the confidence for that given these trends and help us kind a bridge what's happening right now versus your confidence around long-term 5% to 7% DMS margin. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yeah actually I think we can get to $3 a share in '19 without being in the 5% to 7% range. And I wouldn't take that as we're not moving off the range. If I think about two to three years out, I think about where we're moving in healthcare where we're moving in consumer lifestyle, we're moving in packaging.  And then we've got some other businesses that we don't talk about at all in that space. And again from an ROIC cash flow margin standpoint all of that business has a trajectory to be in the 5% to 7% range. And I think that's why Forbes stated at the Investor Day that the 5% to 7% range in that area is still holds. So I don't know that we need to have our mobility space in 5% to 7%. Although we anticipate it will be. So again I think when I think about $3 a share I think about if you extrapolate out low single-digit on the EMS business if the EMS margin platform is again a little bit secular and let's say that business new normal is 3.5% to 4% margins and then eventually stabilizes around a 4% margin range.  It's pretty easy when you think about the core operating income, you think about our interest expense and you think about tax rate and you also think about the share buybacks. If you start modeling the business with shares been around 170 million shares versus 200 million or 210 million shares it's a pretty possible story to see us getting the $3 a share. 
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks happy holiday. 
Mark Mondello: Yeah you as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. My first question relates to your CapEx guidance. It looks like you haven't really taken up the guidance it's still the same as what you had last time. So does that implies that based on what you know the new phones that are coming out, your existing infrastructure or existing equipment is sufficient or could there still be some M&A that you need to do to be able to deal with the new phones.
Forbes Alexander : I think the existing infrastructure in terms of square footage and equipment and capabilities is pretty much in place. Any contemplated additions are included in that net number I've given you. And so as we sit today and knowing what we know today we feel that we're in pretty good shape.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay thanks Forbes. And the follow-up is based on what you see in the mobility space in fiscal '18 and beyond, do you think that there is an opportunity for Jabil to increase its content both on the mobility side in for the phones for your largest customer, but also maybe even the non-phone revenue. Do you think you can increase your content in that so just wanted to get your thoughts on content growth for Jabil over the next couple of years.
Mark Mondello: I don't know how I want to answer that. I think there is an opportunity; I always think there is an opportunity. What I anticipate that our content is going to go up. I think I would think about the business as our content stand in a reasonable band of where it's been.  So I can tell you that on the mobility side of our business relationships haven't changed. The stuff we do on a unit price basis the economic profiles haven't changed. The biggest issue there is all around asset utilization and asset efficiency. And we've layered in capacity, our deprecation in Q2 and Q3 year-on-year are going to be up. And again we wouldn’t maintain that additional depreciation or capacity if we didn't think that there would be good leverage on those assets. And if you kind a run all of that on a net present value model, we feel like we made a good decision to keep those assets in place. In terms of non-mobility product, yeah I think there is opportunities there for sure.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay thanks for the color Mark, appreciate it. 
Mark Mondello: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. 
Mark Delaney: Yes, good afternoon and thanks very much for taking the questions. First question I was hoping to better understand the opportunity on the retail and specifically soft goods manufacturing, I think you eluded to it a bit at the Analysts Day and some headlines about working with Under Armor. So I was hoping you could help us understand what that could mean for your model and how quickly we could see material revenue from that effort?
Mark Mondello: Yeah thanks for the question Mark. I’d like to just hold off on that until we get further through the year and for a few different reasons. So let us hold off and we’ll potentially talk about that in the March call at the June call, but I want to be sensitive to our customers in that area and what we are doing there. But it’s an area of great interest for us not just because it’s a new potential market, but some ideas we have there around automation and 3D printing, some of the partnerships that we’ve developed I think we have got a really, really nice value preposition and we’ll talk about it more as appropriate.
Mark Delaney: Okay. So that mean just given the sensitivity, I make sure we think about it as sort of with one person to start and then maybe long-terms it expands to more customers is that fair?
Mark Mondello: I would think of it as multiple customers in parallel and I would think about it not being relevant until say mid fiscal year ‘18 in terms of what we see ahead of us.
Mark Delaney: Okay, that’s helpful. And then follow-up question, just trying to better understand the restructuring program, I think Forbes you reiterated the $20 million or $30 million this year, maybe can you help us understand how much of that’s already been realized with the guidance that you gave for 2Q and 3Q around EBIT levels? And then how quickly do you get to that full $70 million to $90 million.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, so let me answer the last part first. The $70 million to $90 million we previously said that would really be as move into fiscal ‘19 in fact given the proposed timing of some adjustment of some assets in ‘18 the long pull in the stand if you will there some higher cost regions.  But as we think more near term in terms of fiscal 2017 a lot of these actions we took were late in the first quarter, so there is little impact in the first quarter that with just printed. But you probably see $3 million, $4 million of that reflected in Q2. And then add layer in from there with the majority of that between Q3 and Q4.
Mark Delaney: Thank you very much. 
Forbes Alexander: You’re welcome.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Mark. 
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Beth Walters, for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Okay great. Thank you everyone for joining us today and I’ll reiterate hope everyone has a safe and happy holidays and we will certainly be available through the balance of the week to talk to any investors or analysts anybody for that matter who has questions on the quarter and the fiscal year. So thanks again, happy holidays.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-09-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP, Communications & IR Mark Mondello - CEO Forbes Alexander - CFO
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Jim Suva - Citigroup Herve Francois - B. Riley & Co. Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Fox - Cross Research Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Steven Milunovich - UBS Matthew Sheerin - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to the Jabil's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Beth Walters: Thank you so much. Welcome to our fourth-quarter and FY '16 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander.  This call is being recorded and it will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, Jabil.com, in the investor section. Our fourth-quarter and fiscal-year press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call.  We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our Business, our currently expected first quarter of FY '17 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the Company and our long-term outlook for the Company.  These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Today's call will begin with Mark, with his comments on our outlook for the Business in FY '17. Forbes will follow with comments on our fiscal quarter and year-end results and guidance for the first quarter of 2017. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions, as the operator mentioned, from all call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call. As always, a special thanks to our wonderful people here at Jabil. Not only do they continue to take great care in serving our customers, but they do so while keeping our employees safe each and every day as a first priority. For me, it's truly an honor to lead a team that's just so capable and always so focused.  I'll begin today by addressing our fourth-quarter results and also reflect back on the year. For the quarter, our EMS, packaging and healthcare businesses performed extremely well, in terms of both revenues and margin. At the same time, our Green Point business navigated some very complicated, technically challenged program ramps.  I'm happy to share that collectively, these efforts in aggregate resulted in $0.28 of core earnings per share on revenues of $4.4 billion, well in line with our expectation. Forbes will provide more detail around our results and speak to our forward guidance shortly during his prepared remarks. But first, as I look back at the many accomplishments during this past year, I find it noteworthy to highlight just a few. Our EMS team expanded core operating margins by 60 basis points year on year to 3.4%, truly a terrific accomplishment. Our packaging team and our healthcare team performed to plan. This is yet another illustration of the demonstrated value proposition Jabil brings to these strategic, broad-based end markets.  Also during the fiscal year, our Green Point team delivered an outstanding first half, followed by a most difficult, heavily challenged second half. When I think about our Green Point team and what was asked of them during this past year, I think about a team that exhibits what I would call optimal responsiveness at scale. As a Company, we're most fortunate that this unique Green Point trait was alive and well during the year, as the team did an incredible job managing what was in their control. Most notably, our expanded Jabil team did a solid job of managing costs and running the Business effectively throughout the year. This is evident by the impressive Net Promoter Scores earned across the Company from our customers.  In closing out my comments for this past year, I also want to acknowledge the critically important contributions made by our corporate support teams and our subject matter experts across the globe. Inclusive in these contributions are the select capabilities and solutions throughout the Enterprise which I believe are foundational to our success over the next 2 to 3 years.  Let me now look ahead to FY '17. I'll start with something I said 90 days ago. During our June call, I estimated our EMS business would grow 3% to 4% in terms of core earnings year on year, when comparing the first half of FY '17 to the first half of FY '16 As I sit today, I'm pleased to communicate that our EMS business will likely grow 5% to 6% in terms of core earnings for the full year FY '16 to FY '17.  Additionally, I believe the team will deliver core operating margins of 3.4% to 3.5% for the year. The scale and product diversification of our EMS business allow for a more stable and predictable backbone to Jabil's core.  Next I'll break down our DMS business as we see it for the year. Our packaging and healthcare businesses are strong and continue to accelerate. I believe both will grow 15% year on year in terms of core earnings. As you know, our Green Point business is one of a select few high precision mechanics solutions provider for the mobility market. In addition, our relationship with Apple remains very strong, with consistency in market share and ongoing trust and transparency.  So when I think about the Company in totality, I think about how the first half of the year might shape up. I'd assume a 25% to 30% decline quarter on quarter, Q1 of 2017 to Q2 of 2017, when modeling core operating income for the first half of the year, very similar to what we saw last year. Additionally, Forbes and I believe that our free cash flow for the year, FY '17, will be roughly $2.50 a share. In summary, given that our financial results are highly dependent on product acceptance and sell-through in the mobility market, we'll refrain from providing full-year guidance at this time.  Segueing to a different topic, Management has decided to further optimize our global footprint, as well as remove and redistribute a material percentage of our overall SG&A. These actions are integral to our long-term strategy and direction. Costs associated with this activity will be $195 million. Approximately $50 million of the $195 million will be a cash expense.  Forbes and I believe the payback will be very efficient, cash on cash and contribute to maximizing our cash flows in the coming 2 to 3 years. Again, Forbes will provide additional detail during his remarks. Lastly, for the capital return framework we laid out during our June call, I expect shareholders to realize the full $1 billion in capital returned by the end of FY '18, as committed, based on our current outlook.  In closing and before I turn the call over to Forbes, I'd like to offer a brief preview of what you'll hear and see next Tuesday during our Analyst and Investor Day. Management is excited to share a deep look into our Business. The day will be celebratory in nature, as we cheerfully and appropriately recognize our 50th anniversary. But the key substance of the day will be to offer you a comprehensive understanding of where we're headed, why we're heading there and how we'll get there.  My wish is for you to gain a deeper appreciation of the creativity, the strength and the entrepreneurial nature of our leadership team. I hope you'll also get a clear sense of the positive impact of our structure, a structure which openly encourages and to some extent ignites, the combination of speed and agility, assuring this always occurs where it matters most, at the touchpoints of the customer.  Forbes will wrap up the day on Tuesday by sharing our economic groundwork, a foundation which thoughtfully considers product road maps and anticipates our future positioning with customers. Metaphorically, the speed of digital is present in all we do here at Jabil and underpins our decision making. If you move slow in today's environment, chances are you're going to become obsolete.  To say we're transforming the Company through innovative solutions would be accurate. The output is evident in the form of strategic pockets of double-digit growth across the Company. As a team, we come to work every day with a goal, a common goal, a goal to make Jabil the most technically advanced manufacturing services company in the world and do so by becoming more and more relevant for our customers, while delivering consequential value to our shareholders.  Today, I like what I see. Jabil is resilient. We have proven resiliency. That matters and it really matters over the longer term, 50 years of doing what we do and doing it really well. Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Forbes. 
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd like you to turn to slides 3 and 4, please, where I'll review our fourth-quarter and FY '16 results. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $4.4 billion, a decrease of 5% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $94 million, while GAAP net income was $38 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.20 for the quarter. Core operating income excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges was $108 million and represented 2.4% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.28. For the year, net revenue was $18.4 billion, an increase of 3%. GAAP operating income of $523 million, with GAAP net income of $254 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share was $1.32 for the full fiscal year. Core operating income excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges was $630 million or 3.4% of revenue, while core diluted earnings per share was $1.86. I'd now like to discuss our fourth-quarter and fiscal-year segments which can be seen on slides 5 and 6. In the fourth quarter, revenue for our diversified manufacturing services segment was approximately $1.63 billion, a reduction of 14% on a year-over-year basis and represented 37% of total Company revenue. Operating income was 10 basis points. Our electronics manufacturing services segment revenue was $2.8 billion, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis and represented 63% of total Company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 3.8%, reflective of continued outstanding operational performance.  Now turning to the full fiscal year, where our diversified manufacturing services segment revenue was approximately $7.3 billion, an increase of 3% on a year-over-year basis and represented 40% of total Company revenue. Operating income for the year was 3.5%. Our electronics manufacturing services segment revenue was approximately $11 billion in the year, an increase of 2% on a year-over-year basis and represented 60% of total Company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 3.4%, an improvement of 60 basis points over the previous fiscal year. For the full fiscal year, we had one customer with revenues in excess of 10%, that being Apple at 24%. Now turning to some key metrics that you'll see on slide 7, we ended the fiscal year with cash balances of some $912 million. Net capital expenditures for this fiscal year totaled $898 million and supported our previously planned capacity and capability expansions. The fourth fiscal quarter was reflective of very strong cash flow from operations, totaling some $428 million, this bringing full-year cash flows from operations to $916 million. Core EBITDA for the full year is approximately $1.29 billion, representing 7% of revenue and we exited the year with debt-to-EBITDA levels at 2 times. Our core return on invested capital for the full fiscal year was 14.8%. At our last earnings call, I discussed the capital return framework, where we laid out a plan to return 40% of cash flows from operations via dividends and share repurchases through FY '18 and at the same time, the authorization of $400 million for stock repurchase program. Under this program, during the fourth fiscal quarter, we repurchased approximately 4.9 million shares at a total cost of $94 million and plan to continue to utilize the balance of the $400 million program through FY '17. Before discussing our first fiscal quarter guidance, I'd like to take a moment to discuss actions we're undertaking to enhance our organizational efficiency and effectiveness. Specifically, we have initiated headcount reductions across our SG&A cost base and capacity realignment activity in high cost capacity locations. Based upon current estimates of timing of actions, this will result in some $20 million to $30 million of cost savings being realized in FY '17 and once fully complete, annual savings in the range of $70 million to $90 million. If you turn to slide 9, I'll discuss the estimated timing of these actions. We currently estimate that the realignment actions shall result in approximately $195 million of charges, of which we estimate $50 million to be cash. Based upon current estimates of timing, we expect charges to be recognized over the next two fiscal years. In FY '17, total charges are currently estimated to be in the range of $120 million to $150 million, of which we estimate the cash portion to be $25 million, with the balance of charges and cash component to be incurred in FY '18.  Now turning to our first quarter of FY '17 on slide 10, the diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to decrease approximately 12% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues estimated to be approximately $2.2 billion. The electronic manufacturing services segment is expected to remain consistent at $2.7 billion. We expect overall revenue in the first quarter of 2017 to be in the range of $4.8 billion to $5 billion, a decrease of 6% at its mid-point on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $175 million to $225 million and a core operating margin in the range of 3.6% to 4.5%. Core earnings per share are estimated in the range of $0.54 to $0.74 per diluted share and GAAP earnings per share expected to be in the range of $0.05 to $0.36 per diluted share.  In closing, I'd like to share some overall outline for the full fiscal year, as it relates to our cash flow expectations for FY '17 and beyond. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we expect capital expenditures for FY '17 to be in the range of $500 million to $600 million. Cash flows from operations are expected to be in excess of $1 billion, supported by our demonstrated disciplines around working capital management. In short, we're extremely well positioned to deliver on our commitment of returning 40% of cash flows from operations or up to $1 billion to shareholders by the end of FY '18. And I'd now like to hand the call back to Beth. 
Beth Walters: Great. Thanks, Forbes. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I would like to remind our call participants that, as customarily, we will not address any customer- or product-specific questions. I know you all are very good at participating in helping us stay within the confines of that, but we've been asked by our customers not to talk directly about their products in the marketplace. Thank you. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs. 
Mark Delaney: The first question is on the DMS segment, on the piece that's outside of Apple. So I think you disclosed Apple was 24% of revenue in both FY '16 and FY '15 as well. So I've always assumed that Apple is reported within DMS and DMS grew 3% and Apple stayed the same percent. So it seems like maybe there's other things within DMS that are growing in that sort of low single-digit range or even below, given the growth you're getting in packaging and medical. So I was just hoping you could help me understand what the different pieces are outside of Apple within DMS for growth rates? 
Mark Mondello: So DMS is really comprised of our Green Point business and then packaging and healthcare. So as I said on my prepared comments, as we sit today, the healthcare business, the packaging business, it has a little bit longer product life cycles. Business tends to be a little bit more stable, somewhat more predictable and it's those three components that make up DMS. And I think I said in my prepared comments that year-on-year, our healthcare and packaging business in the aggregate or combined, will grow in the neighborhood of 15% in terms of core earnings from 2016 to 2017. 
Mark Delaney: And maybe, if you could help me in terms of the November quarter guidance? The implied EBIT margins for the November quarter, if you assume that EMS stays in the mid to high 3% range, then the DMS segment EBIT margins are probably something closer to kind of 5%, versus 6%, 7% in the November quarter last year. Is that sort of thinking right? And maybe you can just talk about what some of the margin pressures may be on a year-over-year basis for the November quarter in the DMS segment? 
Mark Mondello: Yes, again, what we're finding based on kind of shaking up, shaking up and throwing all of the customers on the table that we serve in the EMS business and it's extremely diverse, we're finding that business -- a little bit to our surprise, but it's more cyclical than we would have thought. It was cyclical last year. Last year if you look at Q1 in EMS and how it trended up through the year, I think a curve like that is appropriate for 2017.  So I think modeling our EMS business maybe in the low 3%s in Q1 and then aggregate it up sequentially over the year would make sense and that would give you kind of a DMS margin in Q1 around 5% and I think that's appropriate. And I wouldn't really consider it so much margin pressure as I would -- you take a look at kind of Q1 of 2016 to Q1 of 2017, revenue is down a bit. So it's not so much margin pressure. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, overall, the relationship with Apple is strong and that would include kind of the overall economic framework we used with that customer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Milunovich with UBS. 
Steven Milunovich: There was a comment about more moderate growth environments. Is it more moderate than you previously expected or you're just saying that we're continuing to be in a moderate growth environment and therefore you're taking costs? And maybe just use that question to talk about the macro, Brexit and so forth? 
Mark Mondello: I might have missed it, maybe Forbes mentioned it. I didn't say anything about more moderate growth. But I'll jump on the question anyway. I think there's a little bit of a dislocation between the current U.S. markets and what we're seeing. In no way do I think our overall macro global environment is strong. I think the business is -- I don't know if I'd call it difficult, but let's just say kind of slowish. So I don't know if I'd characterize everything as modest or moderate. I think about, if we were to chop our business up into pieces, I think about a third of our business is growing in terms of double-digits, so pretty frothy. About a third of our business is growing at GDP like, maybe a little greater and then a third of our business is growing at GDP, to somewhat declining. So I think that would kind of characterize our business. And that's not really attached to DMS or EMS. It's just kind of looking across the 220 or 240 customers that we serve and the end market demand. But overall, again, we're not guiding for the year. But some of the commentary, I talked about with healthcare and packaging, EMS and then the first half I gave you, you should be able to dial your model in. And again, I think you can conclude from that, that 2016 to 2017 will be a modest growth on the top line. \
Steven Milunovich: Okay. You did give free cash flow guidance for the year of $2.50, but not EPS. I assume that's because of the Green Point volatility. Is that the case? And do you think you're within a quarter or so of having a better handle on that? 
Mark Mondello: I don't know. We'll talk about it more in the December call. And the $2.50 I gave in free cash flow, just for clarity was not $250 million, it was $2.50 a share. I don't know what the math comes out on that, but that's probably $475 million to $500 million of free cash flow for the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James. 
Brian Alexander: Just following up on that, what gives you the confidence in providing the free cash flow outlook when you're uncertain about the sell-through trends at your largest customer and you're not giving earnings guidance? I guess, how could you give one without the other? 
Mark Mondello: Yes, let me let Forbes answer that, Brian and then I'll add in if I have anything to add after Forbes addresses that. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, just given our demonstrated abilities to manage working capital, feel pretty comfortable with that guidance of $1 billion-plus of operational cash flow. And whilst we're not giving full guidance for the year, I think I'd remind everyone that with our business model, whether one sees volatility in terms of that top line that's contraction and working capital on the way down which releases cash and a very positive cash flow model for the Company. And then on the way up, if you will, particularly in our DMS business, you see the benefits of utilizing that asset base which obviously drives more EBITDA there. So again, either side of that, I feel very comfortable that we'll generate north of $1 billion of operational cash flow this coming year. 
Mark Mondello: Let me add to that. So maybe one thing that would be a little bit helpful is on a sensitivity basis, take a look at FY '16. And I think we started the year thinking we would -- let me just give you kind of an illustration. Let's assume we started the year at thinking we'd do $750 million to $800 million in 2016. I think we ended the year about $630 million in terms of core operating income. So the sensitivity nature is, is with some variability and some uncertainty, you can have core operating income ebb and flow a significant portion of a percentage of the base. So you have $100 million coming off of $750 million, it's fairly substantial, but you look at the cash flow from operations last year. And it was still quite good and on a sensitivity model, if you take $100 million off of $900 million or $100 million off of $1 billion, it's just a little bit less sensitive based on how the business works, expanding and contracting working capital as Forbes had suggested. So if the whole world turned bad again on us the second half of 2017 which we don't expect, but if it did, would cash flows be affected? They would. But the sensitivity on earnings is much higher than it is on cash flows and therefore, we feel that it's reasonable to talk a bit about the cash flows. And we're going to defer the earnings for the year until later in the year. 
Brian Alexander: Well, let me just follow up. It seems like your outlook implies DMS margins are going to be well below 5% in the first half, given what you said about Q2. And two years ago when DMS recovered, margins got back above 6% in the first half. So what's different now in the DMS business? What will it take to get margins back to the midpoint of your long-term range of 5% to 7%? 
Mark Mondello: Yes, we'll talk more about that on Tuesday, Brian. What's different is, is we've taken a hard look at kind of what the landscape looked like in the first half of last year. And what we had as commentary, we're taking a look at what the landscape looks like right now and maybe being a bit more conservative in our forward-looking observations and guidance. The one thing I'd mention is, is I'm pretty pleased with the Q1 guidance. When you think about -- we haven't had too many $5 billion quarters in the history of the Company. I think if we executed to plan, Q1 of 2017 would only be the second quarter that we would have it $4.9 billion or $5 billion. And I think it would also only be the second time in the history of the Company, we had a quarter that delivered over $200 million or at $200 million of core operating income. But I think we're kind of looking at the landscape. We're aggregating up all the demand in front of us and we're offering up the best outlook or the most accurate outlook that we can. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: The first one for Forbes, typically, fiscal 1Q, fiscal 2Q see higher DMS margins and then in the third and fourth quarter, you go into a period of investment. Do you think, Forbes, this year the level of investment that you may have to do in DMS could be higher than in prior years? 
Forbes Alexander: We've been making significant investments over the last two fiscal years and the CapEx range that I gave in my prepared remarks is significantly less than these last two fiscal years. So no, we expect our CapEx this year to be in the range of $500 million to $600 million and feel very comfortable about that. We've taken our thinking in terms of -- as we see product transitions moving through calendar 2017 into account there, I'd say we've got some great scale and technical capability capacity in place and feel comfortable with that $500 million to $600 million range. 
Mark Mondello: And Ruplu, one thing I would add to that is, we talked about a restructuring. The reason we're doing the restructuring is the payback on the activity, it's hard to ignore and I think it will be a very, very efficient payback. I think I said something like that in my prepared remarks. But nowhere in that restructuring are we anticipating or including any type of volume assets for our mobility space. And so, again, we're continuing to anticipate leveraging those assets in the back half of this year and as we move into FY '18. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Mark, a follow-up question for you, could you just talk a little bit about the various end markets within EMS? And maybe just talk a little about what you're seeing in the networking telecom space, versus say, industrial energy, like which is growing more which is growing less, if you can provide any color on that? 
Mark Mondello: Yes, I'll tell you what I'd prefer is, is I have some opinions on that, but we'll plan to cover that next Tuesday in a lot of detail and a lot of depth. Not only will I have some thoughts on that, but the gentleman who runs that for us and his entire team will offer up a comprehensive thought on networking, energy, telco, optics, etcetera. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel. 
Matthew Sheerin: Just following up on your comments, Mark, regarding the infrastructure of the business going forward. So it seems like most of the cost cutting really is sort of administrative and SG&A, so just wanted to clarify that. And Forbes talked about $20 million to $40 million in cost savings in FY '17 and then $70 million to $90 million when complete. Is that primarily SG&A? When you say when complete, does that mean you'll get to that full number exiting FY '18? 
Mark Mondello: Yes. So I'll break it up into two parts. Number one is, is I've been with the Company a long time. And any time we have to make decisions or we choose to make decisions around exiting individuals, it's a difficult decision. But it's a decision that aligns with our strategy. And in doing so, we, our priority, our first priority is treating our people with respect and dignity and so, I mention that, because there's individuals that have been impacted on the decisions. Breaking it up into two pieces, on the SG&A side, we continue to stress test and press ourselves on the five businesses that we run today and where do they stand in terms of resource and overhead as individual businesses relative to their end markets. And when we looked at that and then looked at the overall corporate costs that we had over the last six to nine months and we think strategically about where we're headed, we got after it pretty hard in terms of lots of discussions around, is there a little bit too much cost in the Company? Have we gotten a little bit too fluffy? Is it something where each business has resources in the right areas functionally? And that's what drove the SG&A side. Continuing on that, the payback on the headcount should be pretty quick. So we've actioned some of that already. I think most of the headcount actioning will be done in Q2 and Q3. So the payback on the headcount cash on cash will be fairly quick. If I talk about the second part of that which is really the infrastructure, networking footprint if you will and networking being kind of the nodes we have in our manufacturing. To kind of put that in perspective, we've got about $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion of PP&E in the Company today. So you can imagine as a manufacturer, we've got 180,000 people and we've got over $3 billion of PP&E. And so, I think it always makes sense to challenge ourselves and see, are all those assets required going forward, are we running them optimally, et cetera, et cetera? And so, to your point, on the balance, on the assets and the capacity, that will mostly be administrative clean-up at book and have a very, very small cash component to that. So again, for modeling purposes, for FY '17, I would think about a $20 million number. And then to Forbes' point on the $70 million to $90 million, I feel very, very good that that will end up being the savings. That will come through, again, headcount reductions, it will come through us repositioning some manufacturing from locations that maybe are more moderate in cost to lower cost. It will come from shadow costs. It will come from some general clean-up. And I would expect that we'll be at that savings run rate as we get to the back half of FY '18. 
Matthew Sheerin: Okay. That's very helpful. And you've talked about basically having the capacity to support $20 billion to $21 billion in revenue, so is that unchanged here with these moves? 
Mark Mondello: No, not unchanged at all. And in fact, the last 2, 2.5 years, we've invested a lot of money bringing Chengdu online. And part of this restructuring activity will be to repurpose some of our manufacturing, clean up some of our manufacturing and really focus on Chengdu as a central manufacturing hub for Asia and we're really, really excited about how that may look in future years. 
Matthew Sheerin: And just real quick one for Forbes, could you give us a share count assumption for the next quarter with the guidance? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes. It's about 189 million, 190 million shares. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank. 
Sherri Scribner: Mark, the guidance for EMS of the 3% to 4% in the first half and then 5% to 6% for the full year seems to suggest some pretty significant acceleration of revenue in the second quarter and then into the second half of the year. Can you maybe talk through what's driving that acceleration? Is that new program wins? Is there some specific markets that you're seeing more strength in, maybe give us some more detail? 
Mark Mondello: Sure, Sherri. Just to clarify, right? And maybe you understood it correctly, but just I want to be sure. So in the June call, what I said was, is that our EMS business, first half of 2016 to first half of 2017, we thought that business would grow at a core operating line 3% to 4%. What I'm saying now and on this call is, is that we think EMS year-on-year, so all of 2016 compared to all of 2017, will probably grow more like 5% to 6% in terms of core operating income.  So last year, we did around $370 million I think in EMS. If you just struck a midpoint to that and said, okay, what Mark's saying is, is they did $370 million or so in 2016, multiply that by 1.055 and that would be a good barometer for FY '17 in terms of EMS. And then just roughly, if you layered in the four quarters revenue-wise to be similar to FY '16, I think that would be a reasonably good model. And then, what I said on top of that was, is for the entire FY '17, I thought that the core operating margins for EMS would be 3.4% to 3.5%. 
Sherri Scribner: Okay. Sorry, I thought you said revenue. And then if you look at the restructuring actions, can you talk a little bit about, is that any one particular area, in terms of DMS or EMS? 
Mark Mondello: No. If you did a scattergram on that, Sherri, it's really all over. And it really wasn't tied to, if you will, any specific businesses. I pulled my whole staff together for six months of meetings. We talked a lot about our three year strategy. And then, we had a lot of discussion from a geographic standpoint, from a cost standpoint, from where business was headed. And so, I wouldn't characterize it as one segment or another or one business or another. It's across the whole Company. 
Sherri Scribner: Okay. And then, just quickly for Forbes. The stock comp number went down pretty significantly this quarter. How should we model stock comp for 2017? Thanks. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes. It did come down pretty dramatically this quarter. Based on our performance, we're not going to see vesting. So U.S. GAAP forces one to write back that expense. So really as we're moving forward, I think I'd model somewhere in the region of $60 million for FY '17. Think of that roughly $15 million a quarter, something like that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, two questions from me as well. Mark, you talked about this fiscal Q2 operating income dynamic of being down 25%, 30%. Could you just talk to me, when I think of the last few years, you've had a really good first half. And then in the back half, especially on the DMS side, operating income tends to fall off. Do you think it will be more of the same in FY '17 or could it be a bit more smoother this time around, in terms of what you see in the back half versus first half? 
Mark Mondello: Right now, we're just not going to talk about the back half, Amit. And I appreciate and so understand your question. Could it be? Yes. Could it not be? Yes, but I think as we get to the December call, there's a lot of moving parts. I know you're really close to the mobility space. You can appreciate it. We'll have a better sense as we get to the December call, on how the back half looks. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess maybe for you, Forbes. How do we think of D&A in FY '17? Because I suspect D&A, the delta between that and CapEx is going to be a nice free cash flow tailwind for you guys in 2017? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, absolutely. As I talked about $500 million to $600 million in CapEx, our D&A is running what, closer to $700 million, something of that nature. So, yes, a nice delta there and we think about that through 2018 also. So as I said, feel very comfortable with the free cash flow number that Mark discussed and cash flow from operations north of $1 billion. 
Amit Daryanani: If I can just sneak one in, the cost savings from the take-out program, is that all going to be on the SG&A and the OpEx line and very little on the gross margins? 
Forbes Alexander: There will be, I think the majority of it will be through the SG&A line. There will be some through the gross margin, clearly with some of the capacity realignment. So sort of think of it, maybe 80/20, 70/30, something like that, SG&A to gross margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. 
Jim Suva: If I could ask a two-part question and I'll do it at the same time. Maybe the first part is for Mark and the second part is for Forbes. Mark, did I hear correctly you mentioned the sales outlook for FY '17 or your forward year here, you expect it to be up? And if so, can you just help me understand about which segments are really going to drive that, as it looks like kind of Q1 year-over-year, you're starting out a little bit more challenged, with year-over-year declining. And then the question for Forbes probably is, Forbes, on the DMS segment, breakeven now and I believe your goal for that business is quite a bit higher. So are the goals still intact or is that something we should look forward to on Tuesday next week, when we see you or how should we think about that? Because it looks like it's actually performing in line with the EMS operating margins. Thank you. And again, congratulations on 50 years and look forward to seeing you next week. 
Mark Mondello: We feel good about 50 years as well. Feels like 350 years sometimes, but anyway. Jim, I don't think I gave any commentary around overall sales for FY '17 and neither did Forbes, I don't believe. What I think we did say is, is that you can get to it, you can kind of get to an overall EMS number. If you think about the fact that I talked about core operating income for the year being up around 5%, 6% -- you want to be conservative in your models, use 5%, 5.5% and I said the margins would be 3.4%, 3.5%. So take the core operating income, divide by the margin and you can get yourself a pretty accurate, I think, revenue number for EMS as we sit today and the way we see the outlook. In terms of DMS, though, we didn't give any guidance at all for the year, nor will we and we might, as we get to the December call, but we'll see how things look. In terms of Q1, Jim, we didn't talk much about overall sales detail, other than to give you a number which would suggest that our DMS revenues are down quarter to quarter, Q1 2016 to 2017 and our EMS top line is about flat. And again, even with that, Q1 2016 was what I would kind of characterize a bit of a blow-out quarter. And I feel really good about the guidance we're offering today on Q1 of 2017. 
Forbes Alexander: In terms of the segments, Jim, yes, we'll cover that next week, as Mark said, there was a reference, we're having some of our leads of business present. And we'll certainly give you an overview of that. As we move into Q1, the guidance would suggest it's at the lower end of the range, that long-term range that we've had out there in the low 5%s. But as I say, we'll give you a little bit more color on that next Tuesday. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research. 
Steven Fox: Just in terms of the ramp with Green Point, can you talk about how much of a drag it was maybe on gross margins in the quarter just completed and where you think you sort of get back to being at, what would be a relatively good efficiency rates with the new programs? And then, secondly, it sounds like, if I heard right, Mark, you're not writing down much CNC capacity. So is there plans to reposition that into other types of products or is that still going to be tied to sort of core customers? Thanks. 
Mark Mondello: Steve, on your first question, I think our Q4 came in largely as we expected. So as far as a drag on gross margins, I just don't see it that way. Q4 largely was just like we expected it to be. We knew it would be, again, an investment quarter and a ramp quarter. In terms of does DMS ever get back to, quote, normalized margins, let's see what happens this quarter and then again as we move through the year, we'll look at that and we'll talk a bit about that in discussions on Tuesday. In terms of the CNC gear, not going to give you a breakdown of all that, other than to say that there's no volume CNC gear that is anticipated at all in the restructuring. And so, by kind of the sheer nature of that comment, I think it's a pretty fair assumption to think that over the next couple years, we'll continue to have all that equipment well consumed. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company. 
Sean Hannan: So it sounds like there's some pretty good optimism around pieces of business within Nypro there and just wanted to see if there is a way to expand on that? It sounds like there's perhaps going to be some incremental business as we build through the course of 2017. So just want to get a better understanding of exactly, how do we think about some of that, how that's ramping and to what degree is this either moderate or step function as we move through the year. Thanks. 
Mark Mondello: I don't know if I'd consider it step function, but, yes, pretty bullish. I think in my prepared comments, I talked about healthcare and packaging year-on-year being up 15% on a core earnings line. That's pretty substantial in this environment. So I would read into that bullishness for sure and we've really never broken that out. Maybe as we get to the December call, I can tell you it's starting to become material and we're really happy with what we've built over the last two or three years and where that's headed. We'll talk in depth about the strategy around packaging and healthcare on Tuesday. And then maybe as we move through the year, either the December call or March call, we'll at least start giving you a little bit more color on top line in those areas. But yes, I think your read on that is, yes, not step function but good bullishness around healthcare and packaging. 
Sean Hannan: Okay. And then, I realize that you're not providing explicit guidance for the fiscal year in total. Is there anything, however, as you see the consensus numbers, at this point, does it make you uncomfortable? Or is it comfortable on what you know today, but we'll have to see? What do you think about in terms of at least providing us, a little bit of a sense of how you're feeling about that internally? 
Mark Mondello: Sean, I give you credit. I'm thinking to myself, how many different ways could they ask about us providing guidance for the year, that was pretty clever. And the answer is, is you've got a lot of information around our healthcare and packaging business. You've got a lot of information around our EMS business and we'll give you better color around the year hopefully in December. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Herve Francois with B. Riley. 
Herve Francois: So you think and I think you kind of wrapped it up in the previous answer you gave, in regards to the healthcare business because on your last conference call, you talked about some ramping of some healthcare programs I think you had announced earlier this year. So I was just asking, if you can give us an update on how that ramping is going, is it fully ramped?  And then, on top of that, I guess just lastly, I didn't really hear in your opening remarks you talking about really any new program wins, like you've done on previous conference calls. Did you have any new program wins worth mentioning on today's call? Thank you. 
Mark Mondello: On the program wins, let's wait until Tuesday and I think you'll get a sense of the energy and what's going on. In terms of providing any more detail and color around, again the healthcare and packaging side, I'll again say, that it's an area of focus for us. And as we sit today, we're pretty encouraged by that. So I guess, I'll leave it at that. And again, as we get further through the year, I think it's a fair expectation that we'll provide a bit more color around those two aspects of the business, because they'll start to become more and more material. 
Beth Walters: Very good. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We will look forward to seeing many of you next week at our Analyst meeting here in St. Petersburg, Florida. But I'll also remind you that we'll be here the rest of the week and happy to do any follow-up calls that you might find necessary. So thanks again for joining us. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-06-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - IR Mark Mondello - CEO Forbes Alexander - CFO
Analysts: Ruplu Bhattacharya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matt Sheerin - Stifel Jim Suva - Citi Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Herve Francois - B. Riley Sean Hannan - Needham & Company
Presentation:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Jabil's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Great, thank you so much. Welcome to our third quarter of 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. Our website provider had some technical difficulties today, so please be sure you have the June 15, 2016 third quarter financial results presentation. If you are not seeing the 2016 presentation you may need to refresh your browser, with that this call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil Web site jabil.com in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our Web site. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, and on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with comments from CEO Mark Mondello and followed by comments on the quarter and guidance from Forbes. We will then move on to questions and answers for all of our call attendees. Turning the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. As always I'd like to thank our wonderful people here at Jabil and express my appreciation for the continued focus on keeping our employees safe each and every day. I'd also like to offer our thoughts and prayers to the victims and families of the mass shooting which took place in Orlando this past Sunday. The magnitude of this cowardly act of violence is hard to comprehend. It hit so close to home for so many especially those living in Florida. I'll begin today by addressing our third quarter results. Our EMS business remained robust throughout the quarter in terms of both revenue and margin. While our DMS business faced much anticipated headwinds from declining product demand. Through it all, our team did a great job managing cost and executing the business at hand. This resulted in $0.17 of core earnings per share on $4.3 billion in revenues. I am pleased with the results considering the current circumstances. Forbes will speak to our forward guidance and highlight more detail around our Q3 results during his prepared remarks. I’ll now offer thoughts as to what’s driving our business, starting with DMS and our Jabil Green Point business. 90 days ago our forecast suggests that a rebound of our handset business would occur in the June time frame. We now anticipate this to occur in August, based on the most recent near-term demand signals. Notwithstanding our team’s exceptional execution, the large scale demand fluctuations will adversely impact our fourth quarter in a significant way. Please note that our Green Point team is aggressively managing cost. However, they’re also navigating very complicated product ramps which are critical to our customer. Jabil’s fourth fiscal quarter typically exhibits deep investments and under-absorbed capacity within our Green Point business. This year is no different. However, the current decline in demand we’ve seen in existing products is more acute than in past years, thereby amplifying the negative impact to the earnings this quarter. The good news is as we sit today, new product ramps are going largely as planned. In combining this data point with the hyper operating leverage of the Green Point business and our unchanged market share position with the world’s leading brand in the space, Jabil is well positioned for a snapback type recovery. We believe this recovery should begin in the next five to six weeks. Next, let me talk about our healthcare business. Our healthcare business is accelerating. We continue to benefit from broad technology disruptions in the areas of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and patient diagnostics. The hardware platforms and the ecosystems that support this space endeavor to be connected as well as optimize for cloud, data and analytics. This is all good news for Jabil. Combining this with rapid advancements in wearable technologies and data science applications, we have a suit of catalyst for growth across products and services. Quite simply, our healthcare team continues to deliver on its mission of delighting customers while improving the way in people live. Importantly, the acquisition of Nypro also brought forth the modest packaging business and offered a solid platform from which this business will grow. Through steady focus, our growth in this business has been up into the right for the past two years. I am also happy to report that the integration of our Plasticos acquisition is ahead of plan, giving us sufficient access to the European packaging markets. The overall packaging space coupled with our ability to cross sell to the world’s leading brands we already serve makes this market highly promising for Jabil. Moving on to our $11 billion EMS business. The team has done a wonderful job of increasing core operating margins throughout this year. Taking our structural margin profile from what was 2.3% to 2.4%, five to six quarters ago, the core operating margins solidly above 3%. I firmly believe this new margin structure is sustainable throughout FY17 and beyond. The current marketplace offers technology and business model transitions, as well as secular trends that favored Jabil’s EMS business. So in summary, the scale, proven experience and broad diversification of this legacy yet evolving business provide the stable foundation for our EMS business. So what is all this mean as we head into the first half of FY ’17. We have an EMS business which continues to perform to plan. I believe this large scale business will grow 3% to 4% in terms of core earnings year-on-year when comparing the first half of FY ’17 to the first half of FY ’16. Our healthcare and packaging businesses remain strong. We anticipate their growth first half to first half to be in the range of 8% to 10% in terms of core earnings year-on-year. So this brings us to our Green Point business. The financial results for the first half of FY ’17 will be dependent on the overall product demand in the mobility market. The Green Point team is outstanding and well positioned for the upcoming product ramps. Product ramps around new products. Our Green Point business exhibits a rare and valuable combination of capability, capacity and what I would call optimal readiness at scale. Moreover, I’ll reemphasize that Jabil’s market share with out largest customer remains very consistent. This leads me to a final topic, capital allocation. Management received Board approval to commence a $400 million share repurchase. This initiative tranche of share buybacks is a subset of our capital return framework for fiscal year '17 and fiscal year '18. Let me explain. Under this framework we plan to return 40% of the company’s cash flow from operations to shareholders by way of dividends and share buybacks through fiscal year '18 with a cap not to exceed $1 billion in total for this time period. To place this in appropriate context, this commitment doubles the magnitude of capital returned back to our shareholders on a percentage basis, moving from approximately 20% to 40% [ph] of cash flows from operations. For the time being we plan to leave our dividend unchanged, therefore the entire increase in capital returned to shareholders will come in the form of share repurchases. Our rationale for the significant increase of capital being returned to shareholders is underpinned by intense cost management, our confidence in sound levels of future cash flows and our commitment to shareholders. On a related topic, I'd like to confirm that management will host the Jabil Analyst Day on Tuesday, September 27th, here in Florida. We're excited to share with you a deeper look into our business. We'll offer a comprehensive understanding of where we're headed, why we're heading there and how we'll get there. We'll drill down into the different businesses we steward and manage. Businesses where we believe Jabil exercises a clear parenting advantage. In closing I acknowledge that the earnings in the back half of fiscal year '16 are disappointing, especially coming directly on the heels of a record first half. But I ask that we keep this in perspective. As I try to articulate in today's prepared remarks, we're dealing with a single issue of being an issue that today cuts deep. The company is in great shape and we’ll get past these product demand issues that emanate from one sector of our business, a business that's quite broad. We're agile and a most cost effective operator of our business. Management will continue to care for our customers and take great care of our shareholders. We will make Jabil the most technically advanced manufacturing service company and do so in a profitable manner. With that thank you and I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks Mark. Good afternoon everyone. I’ll ask you to turn to Slide 3 for our review of third quarter results. Net revenue for the third quarter was $4.3 billion, a decrease of 1% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $60 million while GAAP net income was $5 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.03 for the quarter. Core operating income excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation and restructuring costs was $87 million and represented 2% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.17. Turning to Slide 4 in our segment discussion, revenue for our diversified manufacturing services segment was approximately $1.45 billion, a decrease of 9% on a year-over-year basis representing 34% of total company revenue. The segment had a core operating margin loss of 1%. Sequential revenue declined some $300 million and the resultant operating loss in the quarter are principally attributed to the declines in mobility product demand. Our electronics manufacturing services segment revenue was $2.85 billion, an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis, and represented 66% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was 3.5%. Revenues exceeded expectation in the quarter primarily as a result of strengthened demand across our telecommunication's customers. While operational performance in our EMS segment continues to show strength. The core tax rate for the third quarter was 37%. Turning to Slide 5, some other key metrics, we ended the quarter with cash balances of approximately $900 million. The quarter was a strong one from an operational cash flow perspective with $416 million of cash flow generated in the period. Our sale cycle for the quarter was seven days, an improvement of six days from the prior quarter, cash flows from operations for the year-to-date approximate $500 million and we're well positioned for continued strong cash flows in our upcoming quarter and beyond. Net capital expenditures in the period totaled $201 million with the full year capital expenditures estimated to be $115 million [ph]. Core EBITDA for this quarter was $261 million and for the nine months in the fiscal year we have now generated $1 billion in EBITDA representing 7.25% of revenue. The core return on invested capital the quarter was disappointing at 7%, reflecting reducing levels of revenues and returns associated with demand for our mobility business. For the full fiscal year, our core return on invested capital continues to be estimated above our weighted average cost of capital and is expected to be 14%. Now you can turn to Slide 7 where I'd like to discuss our business outlook for the fourth quarter and an update on the full fiscal year. We expect revenue in the fourth quarter in the range of $4.15 billion to $4.35 billion and at its midpoint the decline of 9% on a year-over-year basis, reflective of continued demand reductions in our mobility business. Core operating income is estimated to improve over the recent quarter and be in the range of $95 million to $125 million, with core operating margins in the range of 2.3% to 2.9%. GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of a loss of $0.02 to income of $0.19 per diluted share. Core diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.15 to $0.35 This is based upon dilutive share count of 195 million shares and the guidance at its midpoint assumes a tax rate for the quarter of 36%. It now means the effective tax rate for the full fiscal year is estimated at 29%. As a results of this guidance core diluted earnings per share for the full year are now estimated to be $1.85. I'll now ask you turn Slide 8 where I'll review our segment outlook for the quarter. Our diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to decline 20% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues estimated to be $1.5 billion, were relatively consistent with those of the third quarter. The electronics manufacturing services segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis with revenues estimated to be $2.75 billion. We now expect total company revenue to be approximately $18.2 billion for the full fiscal year. The diversified manufacturer service segment is expected to be $7.2 billion, growth of 1% on a year-over-year basis. The electronics manufacturing services segment is expected to be $11 billion in the fiscal year consistent with our estimates of earlier this year. The year is reflective of strong operational performance within the segment resulting in operating margins solidly in the 3% to 3.5% range, an improvement of some 50 basis points over fiscal ’15 and a profile we believe is very sustainable. And finally I would like to make some comments with regards to shareholder returns. As Mark noted in the prepared remark, our Board of Directors have approved the framework to allow us to return 40% of cash flow from operations via dividends and share repurchases through fiscal 2018. Most immediately a $400 million stock repurchase program has been approved. With continued discipline and working capital management, we're very well placed to deliver an excess of $2 billion of cash flows from operations through fiscal 2018. Reduced levels of capital expenditures should still afford us the ability to support growth initiatives and opportunities in the business this while maintaining in investment grade balance sheet.  Thank you. And I’d now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Great, thanks Forbes. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not address any customer or product specific question. Thank you so much for your cooperation. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ruplu Bhattacharya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: The first one for Mark. Mark I was wondering if you could talk about the portion of your Green Point business ex your largest customer. How did that portion perform in the quarter and is there any reason to think that that portion can't continue to grow in the high single digits year-on-year?
Mark Mondello: That part of our business performed well. So as I think about FY '17 I would say that portion of our business will grow, 8% to 10% is a fair way to look at that. 
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay great, and then when we look at fiscal '17 typically the November quarter is a strong quarter for DMS margins. Given what you're seeing in the mobility space do you think that in the November quarter you can get to above 6% in that from margins in DMS or is it too soon to say at this point?
Mark Mondello: Well I think it's you know again, as I said in my prepared comments it's all going to be depending on the fall sell through on the mobile products. If the sell through occurs at the rate we anticipate sitting here today, I think that 6% is achievable.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay great thanks, and the last one from me for Forbes, after this CapEx spend in fiscal '16, just wondering how much revenue can your existing infrastructure support and in the past you've talked about free cash flow improving going forward, so can we think that free cash flow in fiscal '17 will be better than '16.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, so the first part of that question, you know the footprint in class that we have in place can certainly support a revenue base of 20 billion to 21 billion, so we're well placed as we look out through fiscal '17 and '18 and that's you know referencing my comments and the reduced capital expenditures as we move forward here. And then I think the second part was around your free cash flows. Yes we expect a strong year of cash flows both in '17 and '18. Coming off the year you know we saw strong quarter and I expect that to continue in the out quarters, very well positioned in that regard.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: Okay, great, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin of Stifel. 
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks and good afternoon. I just had a question regarding the EMS business that you talked about being above expectations and it sounds like the margins should remain above the 3% level. What are you doing specifically to keep those margins up when we're seeing some of your peer margins actually come down a little bit. Is it just ball blocking and tackling, is the product mix or other initiatives that you have going on?
Mark Mondello: Yes, so I think it's a combination of all that. You know one thing to think about is, our EMS business today probably comprises, and this in rough numbers, 130 to 150 customers. So when I think about the diversification of that business, again a portion of our business is around running our factories efficiently. We've got tremendous diversification and then when I think about the value proposition. When I think about some of the acquisitions we made in the last 18 months and how that’s changed some of our value proposition, I think all of that is adding up to -- you know we started talking some time in mid fiscal year '15, and I don't remember the exact numbers but in early '15 the margins in that business were a hair above 2% and we started talking about different value propositions and solution selling in that and across the EMS business and today we're seeing the results and I think that's quite sustainable for FY '17.
Matt Sheerin: Okay great, and on the healthcare business you talked about the profitability growth opportunities looking forward, but you don't yet break that business out specifically in terms of revenue, could you give us an idea for the revenue run rate and the growth rate that you're seeing organically in that business.
Mark Mondello: Like it's said on the call I think it's fair to say, we'll see that business year-on-year '16 to '17 going forward at a growth rate of probably 8% to 10% in terms of core [ph] income and yes we don't break that out, and as that business continues to gain more and more scale from a revenue perspective we'll give considerations about breaking that out.
Matt Sheerin: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much, I have two questions, one's probably for CEO, second one for CFO, but on the first one, on the DMS if I look correctly at Slide 4, it's looks like it's operated at a loss for the quarter, maybe if I'm right or wrong on that can you confirm and it looks like if it is right that you have never had a loss in this segment before even with lower revenues. So maybe if you can address a little bit about you know, Mark has something structurally changed in this, is it a lot more capital intense today, and what we kind of need to get to for a break even run rate or why wouldn't you just flex the model more. And then maybe for CFO, Alexander, maybe you can -- Forbes if you can mention a little bit on the stock buyback, you'd mentioned I think the share count outlook you gave. Am I correct that does not include you buying back any stock for this quarter or it does include some? Because I believe what you guided is actually the share count to be above what you just reported? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Jim. I’ll take the first part of that and then I’ll turn it over to Forbes. So, in our DMS business and specifically our Green Point business, again we’ve put investments in and I’ll tell you that there is two -- I think there is two main catalysts are variables for 3Q which we just reported. One is, again we took a hard hit in volumes that were abrupt and couldn’t get out of some of the variable cost. In addition to that, Jim, most of our cost allocation for our Chengdu campus today is allocated to the Green Point business and the way we run our business is in a very strict ADC accounting methodology. And so our DMS/Green Point business fixed up a lot of that fixed cost capacity. And so we’ve made investments to expand the footprint, vis-à-vis fixed cost investments over the last 18 months or so. The nice thing is if there ever were a downturn in the Green Point business to the DMS business long-term, that square footage and campus is very fungible. But those are the two variables that impacted Q3.
Forbes Alexander: And Jim in terms of that share count. Yes, the guidance I gave, I assumed a normal accretion of shares, it does not assume any share repurchases at this time as we move forward here we’ll clearly take a view on that, any repurchases that would be made in the fourth fiscal quarter would be relatively modest given we’re a month through that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. This is Adam in for Brian. Two questions, can you speak to how the EPS recovery and trajectory in fiscal ’17 should compared to the recovery in fiscal ’15 given the comments about a snapback expected in the next four to six weeks?
Mark Mondello: So we’re not going to provide any highlights or guidance for the fiscal year, fiscal year ’17 that is. I think when you triangulate some of the comments you heard on the call today. So, I talked about EMS, so that’s put in context. Keep in mind our EMS business I know everybody gets focused on our Green Point business and I understand the rationale for that. But our EMS business is $11 billion business. I talked about that year-on-year first half of ’16 versus first half of ’17 to be growing at 3% to 4% in terms of core operating income. So I think that’s a good data point for your models. I talked about our healthcare and packaging business growing more like 8% to 10%, first half to second half in terms of core operating income. And then when it comes to our Green Point business, again I mentioned during my prepared comments that it's really about what happens with phone demand and phone sell-through through the calendar year and our first quarter being September, October, November, is right in the middle of that. So, in terms of in Q1, as we sit today, we do expect a snapback. Everything that we’re looking at in terms of demand, the product launches on new products that go in as expected and are on track, so, hence my comments about the snapback for Q1.
Unidentified Analyst: And is there any change to your longer term view on DMS targets set to 8% to 12% growth and 5% to 7% margins in light of the recent results in mobility? Or are those targets no longer valid?
Mark Mondello: I think those targets largely hold, but we’ll talk more about that during the analyst meeting in the fall. One other data point I’d mention to you to help you triangulate the models is, I think during Forbes’ prepared comments, when he was talking and weaved it into the capital allocation frame work we’re talking about. I think Forbes’ made mentioned that as we look at ’17 and ’18, we feel pretty good about overall cash flow from operations been in the $2 billion range. So if you take a look at ’16 figure out the growth rates that we talked about the math is pretty straight forward on where we think cash flow from operations would be in ’17 and if you assume that ’17 will be slightly softer than ’18 you’ll be able to back into a reasonable model for FY ’17 in terms of core-op income.
Unidentified Analyst: And just quickly on that cash flow, can you just talk about how you’re thinking about CapEx and capital intensity going forward?
Forbes Alexander: Sure Adam, I’ll take that one. If you look over the last two years, if we take that as a proxy, we’ve actually invested about $1.8 billion into the business in terms of 90% of the cash flow from operations. So as we move forward over the next couple of years we certainly expect that to be well south of that as low as half of that. So, significant drop off in CapEx and as I just said earlier, answered the question -- previous caller’s question, we have appropriate capacity in place, our footprint capabilities here to grow the company to a revenue seemed at 21 billion, so, yes, you're going to see a step down here as we move through '17 and into '18.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: I just wanted to ask on the buyback, what is your expectation for the pace of that buyback, is that something that you plan to accelerate as we move into fiscal '17, should it be front end loaded or should it be pretty consistent on a quarterly basis?
Forbes Alexander: I'd ask you to model that on a relatively consistent basis as we follow the cash flows here, as we move through the fiscal year. So, yes, that you think it that way and relatively modest here in the fourth quarter as we say, we're already amongst into the quarter here.
Sherri Scribner: And then looking at the margin with the negative margins in DMS this quarter and the guidance for 4Q, are we going to move back into positive territory for the DMS segment in 4Q, would you expect us to be positive or do you think they'll be negative?
Forbes Alexander: No, I think there's an opportunity here to get it back, sail into breakeven and into the positive. I think as Mark said, we're in the process of an extensive ramps here and as we move into the August month, that's certainly affords us that opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: The first question relates -- two part question related to the DMS guidance for the August quarter. The first part, can you clarify, why exactly you're seeing a push out versus your prior expectations for the Green Point business? And then the second part is, can you help us bridge the 20% year-on-year revenue decline in DMS, I think you already said you expect your market share to be consistent, so, is that all over units or is there a pricing pressure that's maybe factoring into the 20% decline?
Mark Mondello: So, I think they're tied, so, as I said in my prepared remarks, when we got together in March we saw some abrupt declines that were somewhat surprising to us that impacted Q3 and as we sit today we saw additional declines, but let me clarify, those declines are on existing products. So, let's differentiate the fact that polls and what not in our DMS business have been slow and certainly more severe than -- or lack of polls than we would have expected. But again, I’d contrast that with our current ramps and all of our development work on new product platforms is going as expected. I think those same comments apply to wider revenue maybe off and at this point when I think about market share and when I think about overall economics, nothing's changed.
Mark Delaney: And second question would be around, the talk about having lower CapEx as you go from here, does that limit your potential market share or how much revenue you would expect to generate in DMS in fiscal '17 or '18?
Mark Mondello: If we put in perspective our CapEx the last couple of years has been somewhere in the $1.8 billion to $2 billion range. Going forward we're still going to invest in the business. So, when Forbes talks about the fact that CapEx is been pulled back, we still anticipate putting a 1 billion to 1.2 billion into the business over the next couple of years. And so we've got plenty of capital to continue to invest, our intent will still be to support all of our customers. But what's changed here is quite simply we've made some substantial investments over the last 24 to 30 months and we intend to leverage those investments because we're really well positioned to do so over the next couple of years.
Mark Delaney: And just one last from me, I think Mark you said, you expect consistent share at your largest customer and last quarter the comment was Jabil's gaining share at your largest customer. Am I reading too much into the wording change or has something actually changed on the market share?
Mark Mondello: Yes, nothing has changed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Herve Francois of B. Riley.
Herve Francois: I wanted to follow-up on, I think on your last call you had said that there were like six to eight new programs that took place in the fiscal second quarter that potentially could ramp in the May and June timeframe, can you give us an update on if those ramped and how those ramps are progressing? And then secondly I don't know -- I don't think you mentioned anything specific about new program wins in this fiscal third quarter that just wrapped up?
Mark Mondello: So, I don't quite remember exactly which businesses or under which context you're talking about the program ramps, we've got a number of program ramps occurring and had occurred in our 3Q, largely around our EMS business. And we also have some program ramps in our healthcare and wellness business for sure. And then we had just kicked off and started our significant large scale ramps towards the end of 3Q for our Green Point business that has escalated in and picked up momentum as we went into the fourth quarter. And you're correct, we haven't talked about program ramps or programs wins during this call, that's not because they haven't occurred, we just didn't mention it during the call and I would say that the amount of share wallet and market share gains we’re picking up as we sit today is very similar to where we were 90 days ago. And the nice thing is I think the financial results will reflect that as we move into fiscal year '17.
Herve Francois: So I guess is the Green Point biz that has escalated here in the fiscal fourth quarter, is that escalation that you were talking about earlier that ramps significantly in the next five to six weeks?
Mark Mondello: I think what I said and let me clarify, if I was confusing. So our Q4 typically is a quarter that we have under loaded fixed assets and fixed capacity and we have a substantial amount of what I would call OpEx investment and again this year is no different. The issue is as we’ve had some demand cuts on some of those assets at the same time our costs are up through development in program ramps. What I said in the prepared remarks is, is that, all of this correction that we've been talking about we see, we see to take hold probably just five or six weeks from now as both new products ramps and other demand comes back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan: Just want to see if I could maybe get some perspective from you at a little bit of higher level, over the course of the last year you've drawn a lot of criticism in the degree of investments that you've made particularly in support of I think the mobility platform where we're getting this volatility. We've also heard a tremendous amount about at least in some aspect share gains, as well as incremental diversification across all platforms with that main customer. So as we stand here today and we've had two pretty notable estimate revisions downward for the year, just trying to understand where some of this diversification is coming through and ultimately when do we think we can at least see something that is where we have a model that's at least able to withstand this a little bit better than what we're seeing today? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Sean, fair question. I think you'll see some of that diversification coming through in the first half of FY ’17, but I'll tell you that with the diversification, so the diversification has occurred, there is a greater percentage of our fixed assets today that diversified across different products, different product families and products that are not connected directly to the mobile space. But with all that said, if demand doesn't take on the mobility side again it has a fairly significant impact to earnings and financial performance. So that's what where we're up against at the moment.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you so much everyone for joining us on our fiscal Q3 earnings call. We will look forward to having conversations and meeting with you over the next several months and seeing you here on September 27 for our Analyst Meeting. Thank you again for joining us and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-03-16 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP of Communications and IR Mark Mondello - CEO Forbes Alexander - CFO
Analysts: Steven Fox - Cross Research Herve Francois - B. Riley Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Sean Hannan - Needham Jim Suva - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Jabil's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our second quarter of 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website jabil.com in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on the website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2016 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with Mark with his comments on our outlook for the business in fiscal 2016. Forbes will follow with comments on our second fiscal quarter results and guidance for our third fiscal quarter 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you taking time to join the call today. Before I begin, I'd like to take a minute and acknowledge our 50th anniversary here at Jabil. 2016 is Jabil's 50th year as a growing concern. To me that's an amazing accomplishment. The best part is, Jabil is stronger and more diversified today than ever before. Thanks to all of our wonderful people for making dreams come true. I will begin today by addressing our second quarter results. During the quarter we faced sharper than expected declines in product demand within our DMS segment, resulting in a revenue shortfall of $150 million for the quarter. Nonetheless, our team delivered a $186 million in core operating income which was s squarely in the range of our guidance. As such, I'm quite pleased with the results overall. Unfortunately, the modest declines we experienced during the second quarter have now turned into an abrupt downturn, significantly impacting our third fiscal quarter. So in all of this, where is the good news? Let's start, if I could ask you to please refer to slide three in our formal presentation. It's important for investors to understand that we're not being dismissive in anyway of the projected earnings shortfall, but I'm confident that this is a temporary event. My confidence is underpinned by the fact that we're rapidly accelerating our development efforts, transitioning our installed capacity to new product platforms. I draw your attention to the column on slide three which reads Q3 2016, depicting our current fiscal quarter. Here is where you see a discernible gap between our beginning year forecast and our current outlook. As delineated on the slide, you can see this will largely be a one quarter issue. As I step back and look at the full fiscal year, we're now positioned to deliver $700 million in terms of core operating income, down roughly 12% from where we guided back in September, yet up 5% from the $670 million we earned in fiscal '15. For the year I also see our EBITDA remaining well north of $1 billion and free cash flow landing in the range of $250 million to $300 million. This outlook is driven by three solid orders, Q1, Q2 and Q4, combined with our current quarter Q3, a quarter that exhibits deep investment and under-absorbed capacity. So how are we able to grow EBITDA and core operating income year-on-year when faced with such a dramatic unit volume reductions? There's three main drivers; one, our aggressive play towards truly diversifying our income streams; two, advancing our solution selling and value proposition; and three, our unique structure and our innovative people. Let me take a moment and offer a few proof points. I will start with Jabil's EMS business as it’s firing on all cylinders. The scale and broad diversification of this business allows for a stable, predictable, foundational backbone to our core business. This thesis is well illustrated by our proven margins and strong outlook. Our EMS team believes they will grow core operating income 15% to 20% year-on-year while expanding full-year core operating margins beyond 3%. The current marketplace offers technology and business model transitions as well as secular trends that favor Jabil. Consumers demand more and more devices be connected, connected to each other, connected to the cloud and connected to the end user. Automobiles, appliances, meters, home security systems, drones, just to name a few. This world of massive connectivity assures that more and more data will be generated. This in turn requires more bandwidth which requires more computing power and more storage. This is all good news for Jabil. Another proof point is our healthcare business. Our Nypro team continues to deliver on their goal of improving the way in which people live. As our Nypro healthcare business enters fiscal year '17, we're looking at a very healthy cash generator for the company, cash generated from well-diversified multi-year product platforms which cut across healthcare, wellness and big pharma. I remind you that many of these hardware platforms also want to be connected and optimized for big data and predictive analytics. Again, this is also good news for Jabil. A final proof point as to why our financial performance for this fiscal year remains near record levels is Jabil's exceptional balance of what I would call divisional speed and agility, innovative capabilities and central corporate services. Our divisional approach allows for speed and agility to occur where it matters most, at the customer. Add to this the thoughtful investments we've made in capabilities, capabilities which are fully endorsed and utilized across our various businesses. And lastly our highly leveraged corporate services, a critical aspect of our puzzle that positions the company with exceptional controls all while optimizing our indirect cost, both of these are critical to our business. I'd now like to circle back to our Green Point business. As we know, this business has a well understood high-beta characteristic. Our Green Point team manages large scale demand fluctuations really well. In fact, I'd argue they do it better than anyone. Dealing with this volatility can be maddening. With that said, our continued participation in the mobility market is key to Jabil's holistic approach to the overall ecosystem, a technology ecosystem that squarely relies on handheld computing. Mobile devices are here to stay. They monitor and control an infinite number of connected devices as well as connect all of us in our daily lives. Apple remains dominant in this space and we're fully committed to serving their brand. As you know, we've made substantial investments in support of our Green Point business, investments that are highly valued by our customers. Hard asset investments, that when paired with material science expertise, scale and precision mechanics know-how are nearly impossible to replicate. This invested capital is currently installed and ready for production. I believe the outcome will be strong cash flows over the next two to three years as our Green Point team leverages these existing assets. In closing, much hard work remains, but there's clear evidence that our diversified portfolio strategy has taken hold. We remain fully confident in our past and our strategy and in the very commitments our customers make to Jabil. In fact, it's these commitments that ground my confidence. Thank you. And with that I'll turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to ask you to turn to slide four where I will review our second quarter results. Net revenue for the second quarter is $4.4 billion, an increase of 2% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income is $155 million while GAAP net income $79 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.41 for the quarter. Core operating income excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation and restructuring costs is $186 million and represented 4.2% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.57. You can now turn to slide 5, I will discuss our segments. In the second quarter, revenues for diversified manufacturing services segment was approximately $1.75 billion, an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis and represents 40% of total Company revenue. Our core operating margin was 5.8%. Solid performance in the face of demand challenges experienced late in the quarter in our mobility business. Our electronics manufacturing services segment revenue was $2.65 billion, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis and represented 60% of total Company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was 3.2% as a result of continued strong operational performance across the segment. Tax rate in the second quarter was 28.5% versus a previously estimated 24%. This is a result of the change to geographic mix of earnings and a now estimated 27% tax rate for the full fiscal year. Turning to slide 6, and I like to review some of our key metrics with you. We ended the quarter with cash balances close to $900 million. During the quarter, we consumed $73 million of cash flow from operations while year-to-date cash flow from operations was a positive $72 million. The second quarter saw an expansion in our sales cycle reflective of the demand profile in the quarter, the primary driver being a four-day increase in inventory days. We expect our sales cycles to normalize. Net capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $200 million. Also during the quarter, we acquired Chinese-based assets of [indiscernible] for cash proceeds of $139 million. This addition is complimentary to over Greenpoint operations and continues to aid our diversification efforts within our DMS segment. Capital expenditures for the full fiscal year are now estimated to be $800 million, at the very low end of previous range of guidance. As a result, we expect cash flow from operations minus capital expenditures now be in the range of $250 million to $300 million for the full fiscal year. Core EBITDA for the quarter was $346 million and represented 7.8% of revenue, an increase of 120 basis points over the same period of last year. For the first half of the fiscal year, we have generated $748 million of EBITDA also representing 7.8% of revenue. The core return on invested capital for the second quarter was 16%. Before providing updated guidance for our third quarter and full fiscal year, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the impact of taxes on the balance of the fiscal year. Given the new forecasted income levels, we now expect the annual core effective tax rate to be 27%. This distortion to the fiscal year rate is a result of the current forecasted income levels and the geographic mix of earnings. Core tax dollars for the full fiscal year remain in the range of $150 million to $160 million, with the third quarter in the range of $20 million to $25 million or a rate of 42%, and the fourth quarter a range of $35 million to $44 million or 25%. In fiscal 2017, we currently expect our global tax rate to return to more normalized levels. And now I would like to discuss with you our business outlook for the third fiscal quarter and full year and ask you to turn to slide 8. We expect revenue in the third quarter of 2016 to be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.3 billion and its midpoint decline of 4% on a year-over-year basis reflective of demand reductions in our mobility business. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $80 million to $100 million, with core operating margins in the range of 2% to 2.3%. GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of a loss of $0.05 to income of $0.03 per diluted share. Core diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.12 to $0.18. This is based upon dilutive share count of 194 million shares and the guidance at its midpoint assumes a tax rate of approximately 42%. Turning now to slide 9 and our outlook for the third quarter for our segments. Our diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to decline 10% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues estimated to be $1.45 billion. The electronics manufacturing services segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis with revenues estimated to be $2.75 billion. For the full fiscal year, we now expect total company revenue to be $18.5 billion. The diversified manufacturer service segment is expected to be approximately $7.5 billion or growth of 6% on a year-over-year basis. The reduction in the anticipated annual growth rate is reflective of the recent demand changes we see within our Greenpoint business. The electronics manufacturing services segment is now expected to grow on a year-over-year basis at 2% with total revenue estimated at $11 billion. This guidance is reflective of headwinds within the storage and networking marketplace. As Mark noted in his prepared remarks, we do expect the third fiscal quarter earnings reduction to be temporary as we ramp new programs during both that quarter and into our fourth fiscal quarter. As a result, core operating income for the full fiscal year is now estimated to be $700 million. Assuming a tax rate of 27%, the core diluted earnings per share are estimated to be $2.12. I now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Great, thanks Forbes. Before we begin our question-and-answer session I would like to remind those on our call today that in customary fashion, we will not be able to address any customer or product specific question as a result of actually being our customers asking us not to. So, with that I will turn the call back over to the operator and I appreciate your cooperation with that. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Alexander of Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, this is Adam, in for Brian. Just wanted to ask first of all about market share trends, I know historically you've talked about gaining share with your largest customer. And I ask this in the context of the next generation models and things like that. Number one, are you still gaining share with your largest customer? Is that something that you are sticking by?
Mark Mondello: Absolutely. 
Unidentified Analyst: And longer term plans on customer concentration, I know two of the last three years the business has been heavily impacted by one customer, but continuing to invest. Just wanted to understand longer term plans to potentially distance yourself for diversified customer base?
Mark Mondello: Yeah that's a good question. As is said in previous calls, I'm not pressing the organization at all for a natural growth. If there is good sound opportunities in front of us for growth that we believe are accretive to cash flows at a good ROIC we're going to make the investment. So, as far as our overall strategy in that regard that hasn't changed and I think if we’re successful in that, as I mentioned a bit in my prepared remarks, I think the Company becomes more and more diversified over the next two or three years which I think is really good for investors.
Unidentified Analyst: And if I could sneak one more in. In the August quarter, you've historically -- or on the last call you said that you expected a strong showing from EMS. And I was wondering if that’s still expected and how you get to the above 3.5% operating margin that’s essentially implied here, given the DMS trend?
Mark Mondello: I'm very bullish on the EMS business, it’s extremely well diversified. We've seen a little bit of slowdown from a revenue perspective but as Forbes alluded to in his prepared remarks some of that has to do with what I would call long in the tooth legacy business and then the other thing that the two gentlemen that oversee that business, I think they've done a great job in two fronts, A, leading into the secular trends that I’ve been talking about for a year on the call. So connectivity and different service offerings around that, around all devices and number two is accounts that don't have a good outlook as far as being accretive to the company or don't have good levels of return on invested capital. I think they’ve done a good job of pruning the tree if you will and moving in a different direction. So I feel good about our EMS business and where it is today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox of Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Just further on the weakness in the mobility area. So is there a way to just sort of describe the slope down? So you just mentioned weakness in exiting February. It looks like you have about a $400 million to $500 million per quarter guide down in the May and August quarter. So, how do we think about how that sort of ramped down and then what the prognostication is say for the August quarter in terms of new programs and units and things like that?
Mark Mondello: Sure Steve. So we started seeing some softness in our Greenpoint business in the late January early February timeframe and I think that's because of our position in supply chain. So we started seeing the softness in January and it really accelerated in February. And we had some modest declines that impacted Q2. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were down about $150 million in revenue but the outlook and the abruptness of the outlook for most certainly Q3 and then a portion of Q4 really hit us hard in I would say the last four weeks so.
Steven Fox: And then just longer term, Mark. I know you just reiterated your commitment to your largest customer, but obviously sort of customer concentration level has come up and bit you, not out of your own fault, a couple times now in the last couple of years. Is there anything else you can do, I mean, thinking about your own stock for a minute, in terms of overcoming that more quickly? Or is there anything we should think about that is going to help you do that over, say, the next two to four quarters? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Sure, so let me start with, I love our biggest customer. And we'll continue to make investments for them and we will be prudent in that. I think our ability to partner with them is outstanding, I think our ability to handle their volatility if and when it occurs is really, really good and I have a lot of confidence in Apple. So on the diversification side, what I can tell you is we are very, very supportive with our largest customer. We are seeing very good diversification within that large customer, but at the same time, we have a balance sheet such that we are leaning hard into our healthcare business, we are leaning hard into our EMS business, which by the way is fully evident in both our results in Q1 and Q2 as well as our outlook in Q3 and Q4. And then recently separated our consumer packaging business into separate business and we have named outstanding leadership there and we’re very bullish on that albeit starting from a smaller base.  So I think we are on a good path. It’s a two, three year path and in the meantime, there is going to be some volatility in the mobility space and it’s a nature of that business. 
Steven Fox: Great. That's very helpful, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Herve Francois of B. Riley. Herve, your line is open.
Herve Francois: Sorry about that. Can you hear me? 
Mark Mondello: Yes. 
Herve Francois: All right, thanks guys. I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on the tax rate for your fiscal third quarter. If I heard you correctly, going up to 42%, can you talk about, in a little bit more detail, the geographic mix, exactly where is that coming from, mainly, that’s causing it to spike up like that, and then it goes back down to 25% for your fiscal fourth quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, what that is essentially – the simplest way to think about it is the majority of the income reduction that we just signaled, about $100 million for the fiscal year is – was previously expected to be generated in a country where we have tax incentive. So essentially that tax incentive isn’t in play anymore, so the tax dollars for the full year remain consistent with those at the beginning of the year. Therefore, one has to pro rate if you will those overall tax dollars by quarter and with the low point of guidance being Q3, those tax dollars are fixed and then it’s simple arithmetic over the income dollar. 
Herve Francois: Got it, thanks very much. And then just one last one for me, the China-based company that you bought for $439 [ph] million, can you talk about a certain number of facilities that might have come with? What kind of product line are you going to be doing now? And is anything going to be transferred to any of Jabil's facilities or are manufactured in the factory that you purchased?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, sure. So one facility in China, at this stage, we may transfer some of that asset base into our existing facilities, but as we said right now, it’s about one facility there. With that comes capabilities, additional complementary to our Greenpoint operations in terms of machining, and some great skill sets than material science and assets. So the opportunities there I think are significant as we move through certainly our Q4 with the ramping of some new products sets there into fiscal ’17. So we are very pleased with our transaction. 
Herve Francois: Got it. All right. Thanks. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to ask about your confidence that business resumes in the fourth quarter in the DMS segment. What makes you comfortable that things will start to pick up again in 4Q?
Mark Mondello: Hi, Sherri, it’s Mark. 
Sherri Scribner: Hi, Mark. 
Mark Mondello: How are you doing? Couple of things, one is if you think about a more normalized landscape Sherri, Q3 is typically in our mobility sector a quarter for investment and then we started trajectory out of that and as we hit new product life cycles, the – this year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are accelerating some of the product ramp, so we got on those a little earlier than usual, so that’s one. Number two is sometimes it gets lost with everybody that our DMS business isn’t just our largest customer. We have got other business there within our Greenpoint business and we also have a very, very good healthcare business, which is now really starting to take hold and build critical mass, so it’s a combination of those things, Sherri. 
Sherri Scribner: And then can I just ask a question about the EMS segment. You mentioned the significant long-term positives of more bandwidth and storage, but those segments seem to continue to be relatively soft. When do you think we see a turn in those businesses, where the positive momentum from connected devices starts to take over? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome. I think in some packets we are seeing that now and it’s really about the service offerings and where we play. So if you take a look at maybe some of the legacy business, I would contend that your thesis is exactly correct. If I think about what’s happening and how things like cloud storage is changing, bandwidth transfer is changing and things like that, Jabil is playing in different areas well beyond, what I would kind of consider the build-to-print markets that we were playing in five, six, seven years ago.  So for us, yes, there is some areas of that business that are declining, there are some areas of that business that are flat and then there are some areas of that business that I think are thriving. And the other thing I throw out there is, our EMS business today is incredibly broad. So today, I don’t know what the customer count is, but I bet, in that segment of our business, the customer count is probably 220, 230 customers and it cuts across not only cloud, not only legacy storage, not only data, not only networking, but industrial energy, automotive and a ton of the ecosystem around connected devices. So for us, that’s what’s driving certainly the resiliency on the margin side and the growth of our absolute profit dollars. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. I guess, a couple questions for me. So one, on the DMS side, when I look at the fiscal ‘16 expectations, you're implying, I think, the August quarter would be up high 20%, 28%, 29% sequentially EBIT growth. You haven’t seen that kind of growth in the last few years out of that segment. So just walk me through what’s the confidence and how do you confidence, sitting in March, to how the DMS segment would look like and have better [indiscernible] units or is it allocation? Any help there would be great.
Forbes Alexander: Sure, Amit. As we talked about, Q3 is the low point and it’s really as a result of that low point that would get into that 29%, 30% growth. So there are current guidance for that segment would suggest similar levels of revenue in Q4 ‘16 to that of a year ago. That’s based upon, as Mark said, we’re seeing growth within our healthcare and packaging businesses, in both areas, they are doing nicely. And we’re also ramping a number of new programs starting in the third fiscal quarter, which will ramp the volume and scale as we move into the July, August, September, October timeframe. So certainly based on the available capacity we have, the line of sight we have around those unit volumes that gives us great comfort that we can certainly grow that segment approaching $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion in the fourth fiscal quarter. 
Mark Mondello: Hey, Amit, the one thing I would add to Forbes’ comment is, I think it’s well known that the third fiscal quarter for us is as always an important kind of investment ramp quarter in the mobility sector. But coincidently and it truly is coincidental. We are also ramping probably six to eight product platforms that have nothing to do with handsets and we are ramping those in the May, June timeframe, actually one of them in late April. So we anticipate that those will be driving revenue in the fourth quarter as well. 
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then I guess as a follow up, Mark, could you just talk about how is this downturn that you’re seeing in the May quarter different from maybe three years ago? And do you think that's the reality that you deal with, given what your largest customer goes through that every few years you have to go through this [Technical Difficulty]?
Mark Mondello: Yes, it sucks. I mean, as far as – I would love to be able to run our business on a quarter-to-quarter basis and I don’t like it at all and I take it to it heart, we have committed investors and it bothers me. But I think it’s drastically different, Amit, as far as fiscal year ’14. If you take a look at fiscal year ’14, we had a dramatic downturn as everybody knows on a program and for that year the company – I don’t remember the exact numbers, but I think we made about $340 million dollars in operating income. Today, we’ve got some abrupt downturns and the company is going to do $700 million. So I think it’s drastically different and I think what’s different about it is is we started three, three-and-half years ago to really drive in diversification throughout the company, and as I said, in my prepared remarks that’s taken hold. And I also said that I am bullish in supporting the mobility space at the moment, we have made some investments. I don’t want people to be confused about the fact that the investments we have made in the last two years or for this year, the investments we’ve made for the two years in regards to invested capital and buildings are going to be there for us to leverage over the next two to three years. So it’s the business that we are in and I feel very good about it. So I think there is a dramatic difference between two years ago and today. 
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. I appreciate that. Thank you guys. 
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes, good afternoon, and thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is on your – the handset PC or mobility business. Not a question on the next quarter or two, but as you guys think out over the next 12 to 24 months, can you help us understand what sort of opportunity you have in mobility tied to headsets to outgrow what handset units are doing? And is there an opportunity for you to continue to expand content, or are there other factors that we need to be thinking of that will be headwinds to your revenue growth versus handset units?
Mark Mondello: Sure, Mark. So I can’t sit here today and kind of prognosticate two or three years out on whether or not we’re going to grow our mobility business faster than the market. We certainly have historically, if you look at our Green Point business as a proxy, again, I don't remember the exact numbers, but I think we’ve grown that business probably $2.5 billion in recent years on a relatively modest base and so I feel really good about that. Will we be able to continue those growth rates two or three years out, I don't know. Here is what I’ll commit to you. If we have the opportunity to grow that business at a good ROIC, with good terms, with customers, we’re going to do so.  If we see the growth rate or the opportunities attenuate, then we’ll pull back CapEx, we will be very, very prudent and the investments we make, and that business will throw off a significant amount of free cash flow because handsets aren’t going away and we've got great installed capacity in combination with incredible capabilities with mechanics and material sciences. So to me, it's going to be one of two paths and I think both paths are good paths. Today, I like the path we’re on. One of the things I love about our company is it’s incredibly adaptable and incredibly agile and we’ll read and react to the mobility market and do what's right for investors.
Mark Delaney: That's helpful. And then a follow-up question on the new CapEx guidance, $800 million, which I think is about $100 million below the midpoint of the prior guidance. Can you help us understand where that is coming from? And does that say anything about your growth expectations for fiscal '17, or is that more of a read on what's been happening for programs that you're shipping this year?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. That's more of a read for this year and the Green Point DMS teams have done a terrific job in terms of efficiencies through process and suchlike. So don't take that as a signal for reads on ‘17. As Mark said, we’re certainly looking at growth opportunities as we move into new fiscal year.
Mark Mondello: Mark, I would also add to that, I would also, I would read into that the fact that I think we have outstanding terms and conditions and so I think we’re being very, very diligent around how we run the business and how we run CapEx.
Mark Delaney: And just a real brief follow-up related to that. This acquisition that you announced for the DMS segment, does that change the CapEx profile of what you would've needed to spend this year? Or is that just kind of a completely different set of technologies?
Mark Mondello: It might have an impact on it, but it's not material. It's different products, different points in the market, I mean, it could have a bit of an impact, but not overly material.
Mark Delaney: Okay, I'll turn it over. Thank you very much. 
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thanks, Mark
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham.
Sean Hannan: Yes, thanks folks. Can you hear me?
Mark Mondello: We can hear you fine, Sean
Sean Hannan: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions, here. Mark, you had talked a little bit about diversification over the course of the next two to three years. Just wanted to see if we can get a little bit more color from you in terms of how you're thinking about that? Is this on the nature of the work and product basis, or do you also feel strongly about achieving this on a customer basis? Particularly given that your largest customer, you seem to be quite positive on in taking share. So just want to get a perspective of where you are coming from, in defining diversification and how we should think about that?
Mark Mondello: I think you should think about all of that. And I don't mean to be reckless with that comment at all, but when I think about diversification, Sean, I think about diversification in Green Point, I think about diversification across all the different end markets in our EMS business, which is probably 9 to 11 different end markets, something like that and then end markets aside, Sean, I think about our value proposition and the service offering. And so building product in legacy EMS style is not going to drive a lot of value for our shareholders. So we’re still very good at that, we are still going to do that. But, and it's a big part of our business.  But what we've been up to for the last couple of years is also looking at different parts of the value chain that we can play, that we have a parenting advantage and our solid service offerings that might be above and beyond what you consider kind of typical manufacturing. So I cut the diversification play many different ways. One of the things I talked to Beth about in the last month is, it's been a while since we've done an analyst get-together and I feel a little bit remiss on that. Time flies by. So I think you can expect something from us, certainly in the next 12 months where we’d love to gather everybody on the sell side to buy side and the banking side to get together and give you much more color in what we’re up to, because I think you’ll be really pleased.
Sean Hannan: Okay, another question here, just to follow up on that. That diversification, are you explicitly seeing that in a strong manner within your pipeline of opportunities? Or is that more of a bogey and you're trying to work toward it?
Mark Mondello: I think we’re seeing it with great acuity and again as you sit back and kind of model out just the rest of this year, I think you’ll get to a conclusion that the diversification play, both EMS and then the non-mobility DMS must be diverse, because I think the financials will speak for themselves. And then I also, as I’ve said the last three or four calls, I’m pretty pleased with the diversification we have in the mobility spaces well.
Sean Hannan: If I could just follow with a question around Nypro, that seems to be an area a lot of optimism. Can you elaborate on the degree of growth, the duration of that growth that could be incremental from current levels, and the runway you would have in that business before you have to make more large investments? Thanks very much. That is it for me.
Mark Mondello: Sure. Why don't we hold off on that and why don't we wait until we do kind of a show-and-tell at an analyst meeting, and I think you will get a really good appreciation of what we are doing in the healthcare space, but I can tell you that it's growing to be fairly sizeable, good critical mass in ‘17, ‘18 and ‘19. It's going to be material to the company.
Sean Hannan: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. You mentioned an acquisition and gave some details around it. Can you help us understand about how much revenue contribution is coming in on a quarterly or annual run rate? And is this acquisition -- is it a profitable one, or is it like a green shoots to kind of help you build much better and it doesn't impact your financials?
Mark Mondello: Jim, it’s Mark. Unfortunately, because of the terms and whatnot with the acquisition, and some sensitivity around it, we just can't provide a lot of detail. I will tell you that that acquisition will be fully accretive by Q1 of ‘17.
Jim Suva: Okay, I was getting for the revenue contribution? Like, you just lowered your revenue outlook for the year, but yet you also acquired a company. I'm trying to figure out how much, organically, is the revenue adjustment for? And is there -- I assume some type of contribution?
Mark Mondello: Yeah. That's a good question. It's very modest at the moment. We did that acquisition more from a capability perspective as well as a strategic play along the lines of our diversification and we just can't say much about it unfortunately, but it will start to have contributions as we get into the early parts of ‘17.
Jim Suva: Okay, then maybe I can ask a question on something that maybe is a little bit easier for you to talk about. Aside from the mobility customer that people have been focused on for the past 45 minutes of the call, can you take a step back and say, excluding that, what's going on there, your visibility, is it kind of stable with where it was three or six months ago? Has it improved? Just kind of outside the mobility, can you talk about the business trends that you're seeing in the demand and the visibility to your bookings and things like that?
Mark Mondello: Sure. Are you talking about at a corporate level, Jim or at a segment level?
Jim Suva: Yes, corporate level, excluding mobility.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. So let's exclude mobility. I said in my prepared remarks, our EMS business is, it’s a $11 billion business going to $12 billion or $13 billion business and core income dollars in that business year-on-year are going to grow north of 15%. In this market, that's pretty good. And I think not that long ago, three, four, five years ago, people were looking at kind of legacy EMS business going, you know what, it's going to kind of have GDP type growth to it and legacy EMS margins to it. And our folks have kind of transformed that and we've got amazing customer relationships and we’re quite bullish. So that part of our business is doing well.  I spoke about the healthcare business and then what I mentioned briefly is our packaging business, which we recently announced internally that we are going to break that off and have that be a stand-alone business and we’re doing that because we think that there are some outstanding opportunities in the marketplace around consumer packaging, whether it be the combination of rigid, flexible and intelligent type packaging, we’re pretty bullish on that and then we've got a whole group internally, Jim that operates maybe two or three degrees away from our core business that are off with some investment dollars and applying some of our know-how to different macro trends that we see. So we’re hopeful in that area and I’m bullish in the core business and again, I don't sit here and feel good about guiding you down for Q3. But I still remain very bullish on our mobility sector.
Jim Suva: Thanks for the detail.
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We will be available for any further follow-up questions that you have and once again, thank you for your participation and interest in Jabil.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-12-16 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP, Communications and IR Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Steve Milunovich - UBS Brian Alexander - Raymond James Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Jim Suva - Citi Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Steven Fox - Cross Research Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Sean Hannan - Needham
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Jabil's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s call over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our first quarter of 2016 earnings call. Joining me today on the call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website at jabil.com in the Investors section. Our first quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2016 net revenue and earnings results, other financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today Forbes will begin our call with fiscal 2016 first quarter results and then guidance for our fiscal 2016 second quarter. Mark will follow with his comments and some details on our outlook for the business in fiscal 2016. And following these opening remarks, we will open it up to questions from call attendees for questions. I would now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. I’d like to ask you to turn to Slide 3, where I’ll review our first quarter results. Net revenue for our first quarter was $5.2 billion, an increase of 14% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $215 million, while GAAP net income was $132 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.68 for the quarter. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring costs was $248 million, and represented 4.8% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.85. Now turning to Slide 4 for our segment discussion. In the first quarter revenue for our diversified manufacturing services segment was approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of 30% on a year-over-year basis representing 48% of total company revenue. Our core operating margin was 6.7% reflective of strong execution in the midst of several complex ramps. Our Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue was $2.7 billion, an increase of 3% on a year-over-year basis representing 52% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was also solid at 3.1% as a result of broad strength across the segment. I would now like to review some of our balance sheet metrics on Slide 5. We ended the quarter with cash balances of approximately $1.1 billion. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $145 million. Net capital expenditures was expected in total $249 million. Capital expenditures for the full fiscal year remained in the range of $800 million to $1 billion as we continue to invest for future growth opportunities. Our core EBITDA for the quarter was $402 million representing 7.7% of revenue, an increase of 120 basis points over the same period last year. Our core return on invested capital for the quarter was 24%, a 5% improvement on a year-over-year basis. Also during the quarter we repurchased approximately 2.8 million shares, at a total cost of $55 million, thereby exhausting our current share repurchase authorization. In addition during the first fiscal quarter, I am pleased to note that we acquired Shemer. The addition of Shemer's 30 years of experience expand our capabilities and footprint in Israel bringing expertise and design, basic to highly complex mechanical fabrication, integration of full systems level assembly, and test and fulfillment activity supporting leading capital equipment and large format print brands with sophisticated chassis, enclosures and motion systems. I'd now like to discuss our business outlook for our second fiscal quarter. And note that Mark will follow up some discussion around the full fiscal year in his prepared remarks. We expect revenue in the second quarter of 2016 to be in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion, an increase of 6% at this midpoint on a year-over-year basis, and reflective of seasonal consumer demand on a sequential basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $170 million to $210 million and core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.70 per diluted share. GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.55 per diluted share, this based upon a diluted share account of 195 million shares. And based upon the current estimated mix of earnings, the tax rate for the full fiscal year remains estimated at 24%. Finally, turning to our segment outlook, I’d ask you to turn to Slide 8. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase approximately 14% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues estimated to be approximately $1.9 billion. The Electronics Manufacturing Services segment is expected to remain consistent on a year-over-year basis with the revenues estimated to be approximately $2.6 billion. I’d now like to hand the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Forbes. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I want to kick-off today’s call offering a special thanks to our team. They delivered a record quarter in terms of revenue and income. This on the heels of a strong fiscal year 2015. For me, it’s truly an honor to lead a team that's just so capable. As Forbes highlighted in his prepared remarks, revenue posted for the first quarter reflected solid double-digit growth, core earnings per share exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.05. This was driven largely by exceptional execution and outstanding productivity, a great accomplishment from our EMS segment and our DMS segment. I’d now like to offer a few thoughts on what we see driving our business for the balance of the year and into fiscal year 2017. Our Nypro Healthcare business continues to benefit from broad disruption in the areas of med device, patient diagnostics and big pharma. Combine this with rapid advancements in wearable technologies and data analytics and you have a suite of catalysts for growth. Our packaging business launched its smart packaging theme this past quarter at the Pack Expo Show in Los Vegas. The reception exceeded expectations. Packaging team continues to leverage process engineering and cross functional solution selling as they lean into growth opportunities. The integration of our Plasticos acquisition is ahead of plan, which allows us accelerated access to the European marketplace. Wrapping up my comments specific to DMS, we’re projecting OpEx investments during Q3 and Q4 as we engage in various program ramps. We’re fortunate to once again have wonderful opportunities for investment within our DMS segment as we think about our business beyond this fiscal year. Moving on to our EMS segment, from a revenue perspective I anticipate that the back half of the fiscal year will once again be an EMS story. The confidence I have in our EMS segment is underpinned by transformative proof points currently in play. A few examples would be our transportation and automotive business which is currently leveraging our optics capability. In addition, the automotive team is the beneficiary of vehicle roadmaps that now incorporate a higher degree of connectivity and a dramatic increase in electronic content. Jabil Stack Velocity business is in early days, but ramping beautifully. Quite simply the service offering enables a completely new value proposition for Jabil. Our Stack Velocity team serves traditional enterprise and infrastructure OEMs as they transition to cloud-based solutions. Yet another proof point is evident within our connected home business. This market is rapidly converging on the combination of connectivity, low cost sensors and predictive analytics. The world is driving greater bandwidth into the home and into the office. From faster data streaming that support high-definition video, to improved product intelligence, to endless selections of on-demand, to new market applications. Lastly, we’re going to see an improved level of contribution from our capital equipment business. This business cuts across various markets such as semi-cap, advance test and industrial. I believe we’ll see an increase in market share as our team weaves together complimentary solutions from three strategic acquisitions we recently closed. These proof points illustrate the intimate relationship we’ve created inside of Jabil, between our technical capabilities, our central services and our commercial segments. This is a true differentiator relative to many others. There is also a clear advancement in our go-to-market approach. We seek opportunities with new customers and look to expand share of wallet within our existing partnerships by listening first and continually refining our services. Our customers need to move a speed, they require a trusted technology partner that helps them keep pace. Keep pace with ever increasing rate of change. Our sales pipeline is clear evidence that the market has an attraction to Jabil’s innovative solutions in this digital environment. Closing out my prepared comments, a few final thoughts. There are number of moving parts at the movement. The goodness for Jabil is one of our core strengths is our ability to adapt. Continually adapt as dictated by the environment. We’ve a tremendous track record of modifying and modifying quickly. Jabil has a proven and tested history when it comes to navigating change both in the macro and in the micro. So as you sit today, an approximate outlook for the year is core earnings per share of $2.65, a 28% increase year-on-year. Free cash flow of approximately $400 million, a 45% increase year-on-year and core ROIC of approximately 20%, a 200 basis points improvement year-on-year. To help shape your models for the year, I believe core operating margins for fiscal Q4 will be in the range of 4% with the strong showing from our EMS segment. I believe core operating margins for fiscal Q3 will be in the neighborhood of 3.5%. As you think about our business, let’s keep in mind that many times the sensitivity in our results has a greater link to where we might play in the overall supply chain than the impact of an isolated look at overall product demand. With that, I would like to wish everyone on the call a safe and Happy Holidays season, thank you. We can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
Beth Walters: Operator, I’d like to remind everyone before we begin the Q&A session that in customary fashion, we will not be able to address any customer or product specific questions and we ask for your cooperation. Thank you.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Steve Milunovich of UBS.
Steve Milunovich: Thank you. The sequential DMS decline you’re expecting is on the order of 25% which is relatively steep. Could you talk about what factors might be driving that? And then I also wondered if you could talk a bit more about the gross margins being up about 1 point year-over-year and what the factors were there.
Forbes Alexander: Sure, Steve, it’s Forbes here. In terms of the sequential decline on revenue, it’s really all centered around seasonality in the quarter just the way our quarter falls here. So, we've seen seasonality that is a little bit steeper than normal but nothing really with what we thought overall coming in. I think EMS is a little bit weaker than we thought. Last year, our revenues were sequentially consistent, we are seeing a little bit of a more normal seasonality in some of the areas we address there. And then the second part of your question was around gross margin?
Steve Milunovich: Yes. Gross margin was up pretty nicely year-over-year.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, as we had expected, this particular quarter coming in we had laid down capacity and got off to a great start to the fiscal year. Our team is really executing beautifully there and some really high levels of efficiency right through our business in general both DMS and EMS segments and some nice cost controls. So yes the gross margin [eclipsed] [ph] 9% and we look forward to continuing that as we move forward into the future.
Mark Mondello: Hi Steve, this is Mark. One thing I would have you think about is the decline sequentially is as you described. The interesting part is, if you look at our DMS revenue year-on-year, even with the sequential decline I think it’s up about 15% which again is a reflection of the strength of the business and the investments we've made.
Steve Milunovich: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander, Raymond James.
Brian Alexander: All right. Thanks. Good afternoon. When I look at the implied revenue growth in the second half of the year per your annual guidance, it suggests about 5% growth second half versus first half. That's well above where you've been last four years. So is all of that above seasonal growth related to EMS and specifically new ramps just trying to understand why well above seasonal in the second half.
A – Mark Mondello: Well, I think if you – Brian, the way I look at it is, I think those numbers are accurate and I’m doing the math in my head quickly. As I said in my prepared remarks, I’d shape out revenue little bit Brian like FY 2015. What I mean by that is - rough numbers, I think first half of 2015 overall revenue was a little over $8.8 billion and we did about $17.9 for the year. So about 49% of our revenue was realized in the first half of 2015 and I think about 48.5%, 49% of our revenue or maybe just over 48%, something like that will be realized first half of 2016 relative to a $20 billion base. So, from a shape standpoint it’s pretty similar to 2015. On the back half much like 2015 as well, I think when we look at our EMS sector, last year our EMS sector was up first half to second half. DMS was down, down slightly. I think this year DMS will be down first half to second half and EMS will be up and it will up quite strong.
Brian Alexander: Yes. That's what I was trying to get at. Maybe I could have asked it a little bit more simply so your EMS growth first half is up about 1.5% year-on-year. So to - I think you are still looking for 5% growth in EMS for the year so obviously you need some big acceleration in the second half but I'm just trying to understand in the context of that acceleration, is most of that new ramps that you touched on in your prepared remarks? Or are you counting on sub in demand improvement as well?
Mark Mondello: For the EMS to turn out?
Brian Alexander: Yes.
Mark Mondello: It's combination of both, but I would say on the EMS side, it's probably a 70/30 split, something like that, so as we sit today we’re still efforting to do 5% growth for the year in EMS, Brian.
Brian Alexander: Okay. All right. Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi. Thank you. I was hoping you could provide a little more detail on some of the strength you are seeing in the EM segments. I know you mentioned a couple of things during the prepared remarks, but is there anything in particular beyond automotive that you would call out that’s driving that strength?
Mark Mondello: Hi, Sherri. So, yes, I think it's – let me start with our EMS businesses, as you know it’s extremely broad. So for the year EMS will be a big business. We’re planning on that to be for the year north of $11 billion and it cuts across a ton of customers and in a number of end markets. In my prepared comments, I touched on automotive. I think there are some good secular trends going on there that I highlighted. The overall, what I would call kind of a digital connectivity market, I highlighted one proof point in my commentary around what’s going on with connected home and I think you can extrapolate that out into some other end markets. And then, I talked about Stack Velocity. So, that’s a new business for us that we’ve started in the last year or so and that’s gaining really good momentum, and that’s really about the aggregation of hardware for cloud solutions. And then, I also highlighted our capital equipment market. And that's really taking what we do at our core and also adding the capability of three acquisitions that we’ve recently made and support the capital equipment, and really it’s around the intricate capital equipment markets in the areas of semi-cap, advance test and industrial. But I didn’t want to get into 10 or 11 proof points in my prepared remarks. We’ve really got a lot of really good things going on cutting across most of that business.
Sherri Scribner: Maybe I could ask – sorry, go ahead Mark.
Mark Mondello: What I was going to say Sherri is, that business when you think about the silos, you’ve got telecom, you got networking, you got storage, you got base stations, you got industrial and then you’ve got a significant number of sub businesses and what we call kind of in our legacy high velocity areas, so again its quite broad.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. That's very helpful. Maybe I could ask a sort of I guess from a broader perspective, it seems like for the EM segment we've heard that telecom and networking is relatively weak and industrial is weak. How much of the recovery in the second half for you is driven by a recovery in some of those traditional markets versus some of the new initiatives that you guys are doing?
Mark Mondello: I think, a lot of it has to do with, I don’t think. Well, let me remain a little bit mute on the market. I think you characterize the market reasonably well. There’s pockets of some reasonable growth from an end market perspective. So I think from that you can conclude that a good portion of it is, is about our approach and the services that we’re providing.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney of Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Yes. Good afternoon and thanks very much for taking the questions. The first question I was hoping you could talk about some of the order trends you've been seeing, some of the supply chain has talked about seeing weakness in the handset vertical, recently, and can you just talk about to what extent Jabil has seen any of that and if it's factored into your views for the year even if it's just the linearity of what you expect for revenue?
Mark Mondello: I don’t want to comment on what we’re seeing as far as weakness or not especially in the mobility space. I think we’re pretty entrenched in that market and there’s a lot of speculation, a lot of data and I’d say, we’ve kind of factored all that in to our numbers as we sit today, Mark.
Mark Delaney: Okay. Understood and follow-up question so talk broadly on the DMS segment some of the efforts the Company has underway for diversification and, Mark, you talked about some of the efforts you have going on in the areas like medical and packaging. Maybe just help us understand at this point how much of DMS is driven by handsets and phablets and then how much of revenue is tied to some of these newer opportunities like medical, like packaging, maybe where you are today in terms of percentage of revenue and than what we should think about in terms of revenue mix to those other markets as either exited FY 2016 or longer term?
Mark Mondello: Yes, I’m not going to break that out, I will tell you pretty exciting things going on our business in the healthcare side and the packaging side. The healthcare business is interesting and I think I’d made a couple of comments in my prepared remarks. There’s a lot of disruption going on there. And we’re expanding our healthcare business into kind of looking at it as healthcare and wellness. There’s a lot of advancement going on in the wearable space, a lot of the wearable technologies don’t at clinical levels yet, but I think they’re heading in that way, so there’s a lot of exciting things putting all that together. And again our healthcare business is really well grounded in a couple of different silos from the pharma market to the diagnostics market to the med device market. So, good and interesting things there and I think that there is some good opportunities in healthcare side. And then on packaging, we’re really in the last couple of quarters driven an additional focus on that business with given it a little more independence than it had. And when you think about the packaging market, you’ve got packaging around rigid type devices or packages. You get flexible packaging and then you’ve got a whole area and smarter, intelligent packing. So, all that stuff is pretty interesting to us and we’re pretty bullish on that. As far as the mobility sector, I mean, obviously, mobility is an awfully important part our DMS sector and then we also have life styles and wearables as well. So, all-in-all if I think about the business, we’re taking it from what last year was a little over $7 billion to something quite a bit greater than $8 billion so I’m pretty pleased with that.
Mark Delaney: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And congratulations to you and your team there at Jabil. I had one question for Forbes and one question, probably for Tim. Forbes, I believe in your opening comments you made a comment about an acquisition and if I heard right, it sounded like it was in Israeli company. I am I correct that this is not the Plasticos Castella Company and, if so, how much revenue should we have think about for this acquisition or maybe it's actually the same acquisition and I just misheard the name or something. And then, more for probably Tim or maybe Forbes also, my follow-up question is on the capital allocation plans, kind of long-term strategy for Jabil. How should we think about that going forward? I believe your stock buyback plan has been used up, and I’m sure shareholders appreciate that, but also how should we think about CapEx versus dividend. I think the dividends remain relatively consistent since 2011, yet today the news was that the Fed increased rates today. How should we think about capital allocation? Thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Sure Jim, so the acquisition that I discussed was a company called Shemer. They are based in Israel and this is very distinct from the Plasticos acquisition that we made last quarter. I’ll remind everyone that the Plasticos acquisition is focused around building at our European footprint in the packaging area which is Mark as just said, we’re pretty bullish on. At this particular acquisition brings with it a lot of expertise in highly complex mechanical fabrication and integration of equipment that supports semiconductor space, digital printing and analytical inspection tools. So this is again something that some key initiatives we've had underway over the last year or so helps us to build our solution set to support our customers in that space. Our overall revenue, we’re integrating this, I think on a full year perspective basis initially is, is somewhere around $100 million but certainly we’re looking to grow that well north of that as we move forward with some exciting opportunities there. I'd address the second question as well Jim in terms of capital allocation. You‘re correct our share repurchase authorization had no expire we consume that in our first fiscal quarter and that our thinking today is reiterated our capital equipment expenditures $900 million for the year as midpoint and Mark also talked about $400 million of free cash flow after that CapEx notwithstanding any acquisitions we might undertake. But, as we said about things today we're continuing to focus on growth. You may see us do some modest share repurchase as we move forward to stop any dilution in terms of our share count but as we sit today we’re comfortable with where our dividends is today, we’re comfortable in terms of share repurchase and our key focus right now is around, driving that free cash flow to build into these growth opportunities we see. Selling through '16 and we'll see how ‘17 and ‘18 look as we progress towards second half of '16.
Mark Mondello: Hi, Jim this is Mark.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details.
A – Mark Mondello: Yes, just a comment on that. I think today Forbes articulated it quite well, our priorities are around making really sound investment choices in trying to grow the business. Again year-on-year from ’15 to ’16 and again ’15 was a really good year for us. If we can grow earnings this year north of 20% and then again that’s with – that's on and EPS basis with really modest little to no share buybacks that’s really good authentic growth. And then growing our free cash flow with continuing to invest in the business that's our priorities and then also doing some select acquisitions to continue to expand the capabilities of the business.
Jim Suva: Great. Thanks so much for the details and congratulations to you and your team.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong.
Q – Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my questions. First on DMS, I think the operating margins had been in the range of 4% for the past two quarters. So I was wondering if you could give us some color on where the dramatic improvement to 6.7% came from?
Forbes Alexander: Sure. So the improvement really comes from in the back half of last year, we talked about some investments in operating expense as we’re ramping several programs. So very much as expected, so once we get those programs ramp up to volume in the capacity installed, we see that pull through in terms of margin. We saw margins north of six points in the same quarter a year ago, so very typical in terms of when we’re laying down capacity and as we see ramping number of programs. So overall a very, very good result and a little bit stronger than perhaps, initially anticipated just given some great execution by the team.
Q – Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then, maybe another way of asking about the second half ramp for EMS, maybe you could give us some color on how much of that growth will be coming from new program wins versus growth from existing products?
Mark Mondello: Andrew, it's Mark. Yes as I said earlier, I would characterize that as kind of maybe a 70/30 split. So, maybe 30% coming from new program wins and 70% coming from expansion of share wallet or based off of our existing core business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot, good afternoon guys. Two questions from me as well. I guess, Forbes, to start off, when I look at the full-year guide and the expectations in the back half, implies margins, operating margin, will be down somewhere in the 50 to 60 basis points kind of range, back half versus front half I think. Given the fact that you're expecting better than seasonal revenue growth, why do you think margins are on a downtick so heavily? And is that more investments or mix that's driving that downtick?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, sure Amit. Mark referred to some investments in the back half in our DMS. I'll remind you we are in the process of adding additional footprint and capacity that’s very consistent with what we talked about 90 days ago. So that will be build out in June, July timeframe at some investment associated with that and then ultimately the investments associated with bringing off a number of new program ramps where we should start to hit our stride essentially as we move into late in the fourth quarter and into the first fiscal quarter of 2017. So just under a year from now. So that’s why you’re seeing some of that, that margin contraction there, and then we’ll see that bounce back up as we seen in this fiscal year in the first half of the year.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And are those investments - you said in the fall of this year is when the ramps will happen - is that for DMS or is it the EMS commentary that Mark was talking about?
Forbes Alexander: That’s principally focused around the DMS area. Of course we’re seeing great strength in EMS in the back half of the year, some dollars there but I'll put that as marginal on the fringe. It’s really associated with the scale of ramps and the scale of capacity we’re adding and to support our DMS growth.
Mark Mondello: Hi Amit, just maybe I could help clarify a little bit. So as we’re sitting today, I think our overall CapEx will be in the $800 million to $900 million range as we talked about in September. In fact I think in the September slide deck presentation, we actually gave you guys a breakdown by five or six different line items to be conservative in your models, I would use maybe a $900 million number for CapEx and what I alluded to in my prepared comments again was really talking more about OpEx and the OpEx investment will look similar to the OpEx investments we made in FY 2015, if you consider them as kind of a percent of DMS revenue. And that’s to take care of the preparation all of the engineering work and what not that goes into different product ramps on the DMS programs.
Amit Daryanani: That's really helpful. And, I guess, just as a follow-up, I feel that fiscal '16 revenue expectation, I think last quarter you guys talked about the EMS growing 5%, if I'm not mistaken, and the implication was DMS could be 20% to 22% kind of growth. Do those numbers probably still hold up in terms of the revenue growth for those two segments?
Mark Mondello: Yes they do. 5% on EMS and shade of over 20 on the DMS, yes.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect, thanks and congrats on the quarter guys.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a couple questions for me just-- I know you went through some of the details on the recent Israel acquisition. I was wondering, Mark, if you could sort of give us a sense with the three acquisitions in capital equipment area, what you were trying to accomplish there, broadly speaking, because it seems like it's sort of changed your view of the trajectory of that sort of market going forward compared to a few quarters ago. And then, I had a couple quick cash flow follow-up questions. Thanks.
A –MarkMondello: Yes. So it's really about engineering. It’s really about engineering and technology and it’s about weaving together, it’s been weaving together those technologies Steve and really changing our value proposition on the capital equipment area. So it’s kind of, what I’d consider, intricate automation/motion control, machining and intricacies around mechanics and then adding the capabilities of Shemer to that. So we will see where it goes. Early days, it’s pretty good indication that the market likes what we’ve put together and the value proposition we have around that specific market.
Steven Fox: And then - that's helpful - and then just on the cash flow, Forbes. The cash flow from operations for the quarter - is that about where you thought you were going to come in for the quarter? I guess I was under the impression it might be a little bit better, but I could have been wrong. If not, can you just sort of lay out how you sort of see it going for the rest of the year based on your guidance? And then, just real quick on the $67 million in terms of the cash outflow for acquisitions and intangibles, was that all related to Shemer or was there some other stuff in there? And that's all I had. Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Sure. So cash flows for the quarter, we did see sequentially expansion in our sales cycle of two days. So that’s about $90 million to $100 million and typically one would model about 4 days. So that’s really tied with the pretty explosive growth sequentially in the quarter.  So what we will see is a very big Q2 as those receivables are liquidated as we move through December here and into early January. So we should still be looking at operational cash flows, $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion this fiscal year and as I say, Q2 will be a very strong quarter. Should certainly be well north of $350 million in the fiscal quarter and then we should see that type of level in Q3 and a solid Q4 also. So still very, very comfortable with those types of numbers. You're right in terms of our cash flow statement about 67 million, that’s not all associated with Shemer, majority of it is that was another small tuck-in acquisition that we did in the quarter to support some of these capabilities that we are building out.
Steven Fox: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Enjoy your holidays.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Two clarifications. Just on the investments, if I - if memory serves me correctly, it was maybe $60 million last year in terms of the OpEx investments. Is that what you're expecting for the second half of this year? And how does that roll on? Does it all come in the third quarter, or is it spread out during the second half?
A –MarkMondello: Hi Shawn, it’s Mark. Yes, I think last year was probably closer to 65 million, 68 million something like that. I’d consider this year to be more than that just because if you kind of look at the scale of DMS and the size of the business, maybe you could ratio that a little bit by revenue, I think of it that way and I’d think of it. It’s a crapshoot on how it lays in. It will lay in Q3, Q4 but what percentage is for what, it’s hard to tell because it’s a lot of work on a lot of different programs and a lot moving parts. So, kind of, take your guess, maybe – I don’t know, maybe a 60/40 split Q3 to Q4 something like that, but it’s anyone’s guess Shawn.
Shawn Harrison: And does this normalize as you move then beyond 2016? Or is this something that's going to be permanently in place?
Mark Mondello: I guess it depends. It depends on what programs we win and what opportunities we have and if we have the good fortune to make these type of investments, if we can continue to grow earnings. So, it depends.
Shawn Harrison: And the investments are mainly around engineering, or is it just associated personnel to help drive the ramps?
Mark Mondello: It's a combination of all kinds of different engineering, process, automation, et cetera, et cetera.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. And then, as a follow-up question, if my back of the envelope math is right, if you're EMS margin percentage basis is flat quarter-over-quarter, at the midpoint that implies EMS's operating margin is down year-over-year. Is that a correct assumption - I guess the question would be why would it be down year-over-year? Is it just a great - the seasonal decline with the incremental fixed cost investment? Is there something else occurring?
Mark Mondello: So, let me understand the question. Can you ask the question again about - are you talking about Q2?
Shawn Harrison: Solely Q2, Mark. So if I hold the EMS margin flat quarter-over-quarter, at the midpoint of your guidance it implies the DMS margin will be down year-over-year, so holding it at 3% at EMS implies the DMS margins closer to 6%, which would be down 60 basis points year-over-year.
Mark Mondello: Yes. I understand your question. I think for the sake for modeling EMS is going to be a bit softer in Q2, so I wouldn’t hold it flat. I think EMS will be more, I don’t know, 2.5% range, you know 2.7% something like that and that should adjust your DMS model.
Mark Delaney: Perfect. Happy Holidays.
Mark Mondello: Yes. You as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham.
Sean Hannan: Thanks for taking my question. This really one here - there are a number of folks, I think, quasi-competitors or within the space that are pretty optimistic on healthcare within 2016 - there's a pretty good cycle of outsourcing and supply chain engagement in recent years and periods. Can you talk a little bit about your views in the subspace and how pronounced it may or may not be relevant to the DMS side of your business? You seem pretty positive on Nypro versus the EMS side of your business. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Sure, Sean. It's Mark again. I think I hit on little bit this earlier if you’re talking about –if you’re talking specific to healthcare. We have a bullish outlook on it, but I'd caution you up, everybody, not everybody - there’s lot of people racing to that space. It’s a space that’s been disrupted in a lot of different ways. It’s been disrupted at a hospital level. It’s been disrupted with data. It’s been disrupted from a digitization and mobility perspective. It's being disrupted as far as industry consolidation, if you just look at the mega mergers that have taken place. So, if we’re thoughtful about it that disruption can be good for us. And then, what I mentioned earlier is as you take all that and add wellness to that and the lines I think over time may get blurred between what's wellness and what’s truly healthcare if the demarcation line is kind of FDA type of stuff. I don’t know that anybody knows exactly where that will end up, but it’s a market with a kind of lot of leather around it right now, and disruption and we’re very interested in it. If we've got the right solutions I think it will be good for us for the next two, three, four years.
Sean Hannan: Okay, great. Thanks for the feedback. That’s all I have.
Mark Mondello: Have a great holiday.
Sean Hannan: You too.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further audio questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Okay. Thank you very much operator and thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We will here for rest of this week. I will remind you that we do shutter for the holidays here in our corporate offices. So, if you want to talk to us, get in this week. All right, thank you. Happy Holidays.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-09-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Gausia Chowdhury - Longbow Research Steve Milunovich - UBS Investment Research Matt Sheerin - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Brian Alexander - Raymond James Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Steven Fox - Cross Research Jim Suva - Citigroup Smith Barney
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Jabil’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s call over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website at jabil.com in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter and fiscal 2016 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2014, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with our fourth fiscal quarter results and guidance for our fiscal first quarter of 2016 from Forbes. And then Mark will offer his observations on 2015 and outlook for 2016. Following Mark’s comments, we will open it up to questions from the call attendees. I would now like to turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. I’d like to ask you to turn to Slides 3 and 4, where I’ll review our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 results. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $4.7 billion, an increase of 15% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $150 million, while GAAP net income was $88 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.45 for the quarter. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, and other income was above our estimates at $163 million, and represented 3.5% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.53. Revenue, core operating income, and core earnings per share exceeded the midpoint of our previous guidance, due largely to strength in demand within our DMS mobility and lifestyle businesses, supported by operational efficiencies across a number of product ramps during the quarter. For the full fiscal year, net revenue was $17.9 billion, an increase of 14% GAAP operating income was $555 million, while GAAP net income was $284 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $1.45 for the year. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, and other income was $670 million, and represented 3.7% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $2.07. Turning to Slides 5 and 6, I’ll discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year segments. In the fourth quarter, revenue for our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment was $1.9 billion, an increase of 47% on a year-over-year basis, and represented 41% of total company revenue. Operating income was 4.1%, reflective of ongoing investments in the quarter, associated with multiple product ramps within our Green Point division. Our Electronics Manufacturing Services segment revenue was $2.8 billion, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis, representing 59% of total company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 3% midpoint of our long-term range. Now, turning to the year. Our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment, revenue was $7.1 billion, an increase of approximately $2 billion, or 39% on a year-over-year basis, and represents 40% of total company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 5.2%. Our Electronic Manufacturing Services segment, revenue was $10.8 billion, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis, and represents 60% of total company revenue. Operating income for this segment was 2.8%, an improvement of 50 basis points over fiscal 2014. For the full fiscal year, we had one customer with revenues in excess of 10%, this being Apple, the 24%. I’d now like to review some of our cash and balance sheet metrics and ask you to turn to Slide 7. We ended the fiscal year with cash balances of $914 million. For the full-year, cash flows from operations were $1.24 billion. Net capital expenditures for the fiscal year totaled $947 million, supporting our previously planned capacity and capability expansions, thus resulting cash flows after capital expenditures totaled approximately $300 million. During the fourth fiscal quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.4 million shares, at a total cost of $46 million. Repurchases for the full fiscal year totaled 4.4 million shares, at a total cost of $86 million, or an average price of $19.46, while dividends paid in the year totaled $63 million. Share repurchases continued during the month of September and approximately $2 million remains outstanding under our current repurchase authorization of $100 million. Core EBITDA for the year was approximately $1.175 billion and represents 6.6% of revenue. Total debt to EBITDA levels at year-end were 1.8 times. Finally, core return on invested capital for the full fiscal year was 17.8%. In addition, during the fourth fiscal quarter, I’m pleased to note that we acquired Plasticos Castella for approximately $110 million. Established in 1974 and headquartered in Spain with operations in both Spain and Hungary, Plasticos Castella complements a growing Nypro rigid packaging business, bringing both new capabilities and market expansion opportunities across Europe. I’d now like to discuss our first fiscal quarter and full fiscal 2016 outlook and ask you to turn to Slide 9 and 10. For the first fiscal quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $5.1 billion $5.3 billion, an increase of 14% at its midpoint on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income is expected to be in the range of $220 million to $260 million with core operating margin in the range of 4.3% to 4.9%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.88 per diluted share. And GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.74 per diluted share. Turning to our segment outlook for the quarter, Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase approximately 33% on a year-over-year basis with revenues estimated to be approximately $2.55 billion. The Electronic Manufacturing Services segment is expected to remain consistent at $2.65 billion. Turning to the full fiscal year, the investments in infrastructure and capabilities we have made in fiscal 2015 positions us extremely well as we move into the new fiscal year. We expect to add approximately $2 billion in revenue with the full fiscal year revenue targeted to be approximately $20 billion. Core earnings per diluted share are expected to grow 25% over fiscal 2015 to $2.60. Our growth strategy continues as we enter the new fiscal year. We see continued opportunities for expansion in revenue, income, returns on invested capital and cash flows beyond those of 2016. And as such, we expect capital expenditure levels to be relatively consistent with those of fiscal 2015. Details of our expected investments can be found on Slide 12, the appendix of our presentation. These capital investments shall continue to be funded via cash flow from operations for their expectation of another very strong year in operational cash flow metrics, which will provide an opportunity for free cash flow in the range of $350 million to $450 million. I now like to hand the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Forbes. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. And as always, I’d like to thank our team here at Jabil. They did an amazing job delivering outstanding results. Again, thanks to everyone on our team. I truly appreciate all you do. I’d like to share a few observations specific to the year. As Forbes highlighted fiscal year 2015 was a really good year for Jabil, both in terms of financial performance and key accomplishments. At $7.1 billion in annual revenue, our DMS business improves the lives of those around us by making our customers’ products more accessible, more affordable and more sustainable. The team is doing so by leveraging engineering aptitude while driving innovation in areas of material sciences, precision machining and tuning. Looking ahead, we expect growth to continue across our DMS business, as we capture additional opportunities in the markets we serve. These markets include audio, healthcare, consumer packaging, mobility, wearable technologies, and accessories. Facing a roughly $11 billion in annual revenue, our EMS business improved core operating margins by 50 basis points year-on-year. This anticipated improvement was the result of solution selling, operational execution, benefits from our restructuring program, and enhance value propositions. I’m excited to see what our EMS team can do, as they leverage secular trends; trends that include connectivity, radical advancements in transportation, cloud-based solutions, and optical communications. In combination with our core businesses, we continue to maintain focus on megatrends and non-traditional markets. Example of these being distributed energy, the aging population, urbanization, and the pervasive use of predictive analytics. From a centralized capabilities perspective, we’ve added several new tools to the company. These tools allow us to expand our solutions across the entire value chain. Add to this a handful of strategic acquisitions combined with our organic investments and the summation is further expansion and enhancements to our portfolio of capabilities. While we’re on the topic of capabilities and technology, I want to highlight one of the most impactful accomplishments from this past year, the opening of our Blue Sky innovation center. This energetic think tank displays a collection of Jabil’s capabilities all under one roof. It offers an environment for enhanced collaboration, where our partners can truly touch and feel what we do each and every day. Now, let me focus on our outlook for fiscal 2016. During our earnings call, roughly 90 days ago, I said, our success would be judged by the following; year-on-year growth for our EMS division of greater than 5%, year-on-year growth for our DMS division of greater than 15%, and year-on-year core EPS growth for the corporation of greater than 20%, I stand behind these success factors. As Forbes highlighted during his prepared remarks, we expect revenues of approximately $20 billion, core earnings per share of $2.60, and another year of strong cash flows. As I’ve stated in the past, we believe that investing in our business makes perfect sense, especially when capital is inexpensive and growth opportunities are present. So you can expect our capital investments this year to be $800 million to $1 billion. As I conclude our outlook, let me take you back to comments I made one year ago. At that time, we believe our efforts would yield quarterly revenues of $5 billion and core operating margins of 4%, as we moved beyond fiscal year 2015. Today, we’re well-positioned to meet these goals. I’d like to close out my prepared remarks by sharing a few final thoughts. I’m really proud of our team. Our team is innovative, dedicated, and proven. Together, we bring forward solutions and services firmly grounded to the hardware ecosystem. And one secular trend you can count on, hardware has not gone away. At Jabil, we have unique combination of scale, global reach, and resources. Today’s customer relationships are trusted, broad, and deep. Our team continues to listen carefully and work tenaciously in assisting our customers with our challenges and their needs. Nearly all of our 200 plus customers need to move with speed and redirect when necessary. They need to secure a reliable supply chain across all geographies, and they need to focus their capital on R&D and product marketing. This aligns perfectly with our abilities. The world is changing at a frenetic pace and we’re changing with it. Here are three simple takeaways of what’s driving our business today: engineering and technical expertise; addressing real problems with solution selling; and diversification of our solutions and the products we deliver. I believe this is evidenced in our growth. Thank you. I’ll now be happy to answer any questions that you might have. Beth?
Beth Walters: Before we begin the Q&A session, I’d like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be able to address any customer or product specific questions, as I’m sure you can appreciate. Thank you for your cooperation. With that, operator, we’re ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Gausia Chowdhury: Hey, good afternoon. This is Gausia Chowdhury calling on behalf of Shawn. Congrats on a great quarter. First of all, I wanted to start off with EMS. You still said that you’re sticking to that 5% goal. When do we see that – when do we see EMS bottom? You’re expecting a flat quarter, so – year-over-year quarter. Is this the bottom?
Mark Mondello: I’m sorry. Can you – could you speak up a little bit. We’re having a really difficult time hearing you.
Gausia Chowdhury: Sure, not a problem. Sorry about that. I was wondering about the EMS division. When do you see that bottom or are we at the bottom at this point or when do you see that bottoming?
Mark Mondello: I’ll try to answer it this way. I really don’t look it – and that was around EMS, correct?
Gausia Chowdhury: Correct, yes.
Mark Mondello: Yes, so I don’t really look at that business so much quarter-to-quarter as I do year-on-year. So I don’t know if I characterize it as a bottom, but consistent with my prepared remarks I think our EMS business in fiscal year 2015 did in the neighborhood of $10.8 billion, something like that. And I do feel comfortable that our EMS business will grow at a minimum of 5% year-on-year. So I think the outlook is – again, we’re cautious because there’s a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace. But based on some of the secular trends I talked about, specifically the EMS, we feel good about the outlook for fiscal year 2016.
Gausia Chowdhury: Okay, all right. And then, within the DMS division you said that this quarter there was mobility and Nypro. Is that same sort of trend for the rest of the peer? Is that where you’re seeing the growth?
Mark Mondello: I’d say we’re seeing growth across all areas of our DMS business, that’d be correct.
Gausia Chowdhury: Okay. All right, and then, lastly, just wanted to check in on the SG&A. It seems like it fluctuated quite a little bit. So are we at the correct level here? I think the guidance for the first quarter is a little bit higher. Is that a correct one to use for the rest of the year? Do you see it staying at that 225 sort of level for the remainder of the year?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, in dollars there’s some slight increases year-over-year, but in percentage terms you’ll see some leverage as we’re growing the top line in another, what, 14%, 15% next year. So I think modeling the 4% to 4.2% is a reasonable guidance at this juncture.
Gausia Chowdhury: Right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Milunovich with UBS.
Steve Milunovich: Thank you very much. Well, score one for the introvert. In terms of your outlook, you came in for the quarter talking about at least 15% growth for DMS and 260 next year, now you’re up at like 33%, and obviously, a higher EPS. Did you view change significantly during the quarter? I guess, same thing applies to CapEx. I’m of the impression you might be close to 700 million in CapEx for 2016 and obviously it’s a bigger number. So, in the last three months did your view of next year change fairly substantially, and if so, why?
Mark Mondello: Steve, let me try to break that down into two parts and if I don’t answer your question come back to me please. The first part was, I think something around our outlook for 2016 in EPS. I think in prior calls and communications we talked about the fact that we’re efforting to a 20% growth on core EPS. And at a time, we had anticipated our core EPS for 2015 to be on or about $2 a share. We delivered $2.07 a share and what we’re talking about now in – both in my prepared comments and Forbes’ prepared comments is a 25% growth on the $2.07, which I think gets in the $2.58 to $2.60 range for FY 2016. In regards to CapEx, I don’t know that we’ve spoken formally about any range of CapEx for FY 2016, and at least prior to this call and what Forbes and I are communicating in this call is that, we think our CapEx range is going to be somewhere $800 million to $1 billion this year. And as Forbes stated in his prepared comments, there is a chart in the appendix of our formal slide presentation that gives you a bit of a breakdown of how we anticipate that to be spent.
Steve Milunovich: That’s helpful. Thank you. And your expectation for EMS seems to have gone up quite a bit and barely decelerated from the growth in 2015. On the Apple’s growth, obviously, it’s likely to decelerate. Can you give us anymore color in terms of your confidence in DMS of how broad base the growth is?
Mark Mondello: We can’t. I’m not going to give you a breakdown in that. What I did say in my prepared comments is that, we again serve a lot of different markets in our DMS sector, our segment. So everything from various parts of healthcare to packaging to mobility and wearable type of technologies and accessories, so again, it’s a combination of all of that.
Steve Milunovich: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Well, thanks and good afternoon. So, Mark, things have certainly come a long way since your first conference call, I think, two years ago or so certainly have turned things around. Looking at the guidance for the year of both revenue and in EPS, and particularly your EPS guidance for the November quarter, it looks like on the margin front that, margins will be peeking more front-end loaded towards the beginning of the fiscal year. Is that really a function of mix, where you expect EMS to grow in the second-half, as new programs ramp, and you’ve got seasonality in some of the DMS, particularly in the mobility business in the November quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Hey, Matt, this is Forbes. Yes, let me answer about it for you. I think, you’ve characterized it pretty well. I’d ask you to think both the shape of this year, while it’s early, similar, which is really what you were describing to fiscal 2015, would maybe just a little bit more first-half weighted, as we’re seeing some pretty explosive growth here in DMS, as we’re moving into the first fiscal quarter. So, I think, that’s their characterization.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And then just following up on the last question regarding the customer breakdown within DMS and certainly appreciate that you can’t talk specifically about customers. But you talked about several end markets within DMS audio, mobility, wearable technologies, et cetera, and the impression is particularly with your biggest customer that most of that is all mobility, and then maybe now wearables. Just trying to get some comfort in terms of how faster growing the non-top customer business within DMS, and what that might look like in the next year or two?
Mark Mondello: Yes, I won’t – it’s – I won’t go too close to that question, because, again, I’m sensitive to our biggest customer. But I think a simple way to look at it is, when I talk and I talk often about diversification. It’s really not about diversification around the brands we serve, it’s really round diversification of the products that we built in the end markets that those products serve. So, I guess, I just leave it at that. I think from the DMS perspective and an EMS perspective, in combination, we serve about 230 different brands and thousands of different products. And as we move into 2016, we’re probably as diverse as we’ve ever been as a company.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander: Okay. I want to follow up on Matt’s question on the year being front-end loaded. So it looks like DMS margins are going to start the year very strong for your first quarter EPS guidance perhaps in the mid-6% range. So do we fall back well below 6% in DMS margins as we move through the year? And if so, what would be driving that? And is there a revenue level per quarter where you think you can achieve 6% margins more regularly? Are we going to continue to see this volatility in more front-half weighted profitability?
Forbes Alexander: Hey, Brian, it’s Forbes. So I think it’s very similar to last year. In that you certainly see six-plus in the first-half of the year. As we’ve noted, we’re continuing some capital investments in the – that will come into fruition as we move into 2017 for continued growth. So there will continue to be investments in the back-half. So think of it as those higher-margins in the first-half of the year and then those lower margins in the back-half. I don’t want to get too close to specific numbers in the back-half yet. It’s early coming into the year. But certainly the year looks very bright as we continue to bring capacity online there. Then on the EMS side, we’re targeting – as we’ve been pretty consistent, messaging around 3% for the fiscal year and now businesses is in good shape with some growth in the back-half of the year on the revenue line there.
Brian Alexander: Okay. That’s helpful. Just a follow-up on the CapEx, if I look at the mobility CapEx in your slide deck, it looks like it’s around $150 million for fiscal 2016, that’s down from the 200 I think you spent in fiscal 2015. So what is that signal about the growth prospects for the mobility business if CapEx is actually coming down?
Mark Mondello: Brian, this is Mark. I don’t think it signals anything. It’s a great question. But it doesn’t really signal anything. We see strength across a good portion of all of our businesses. It’s really about the infrastructure that we have in place from prior investments, as well as operational efficiencies and productivity.
Brian Alexander: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. A question for me as well, one, I guess, if I look at the DMS segment, the margin discussion, do you ever talk why didn’t you see a better margin expansion in the August quarter, because you certainly had a lot of revenue growth in August? And then, what are the levers that help you get the margin expansion in November?
Mark Mondello: I mean, I’ll take a swing at that and then Forbes can chime in if I miss anything. But I think it’s simple. You know how – you know historically how the shape of our DMS business is. As we talked about in the March call and the June call, the back-half of our fiscal year, because of how our fiscal year situated is pretty significant investments as we prepare for a variety of product ramps in different investments. So the revenue is strong, but we also had a lot of investments. And the nice thing is I think the returns were getting both in the CapEx and the OpEx investments are coming through in FY 2016 based on our Q1 guidance and the full-year guidance.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then, I guess, if I look at – the customer concentration is always a big discussion point for you guys from a stock perspective. Do you think your largest customer will remain around where it is today for fiscal 2016 or is it going to be up or down? And I ask that, because you’ve had great growth this year, about 68% of the growth I think you had this year or new incremental dollars had been from that one customer. So I’m just curious, how do you see this thing flattening out or playing out in 2016?
Mark Mondello: Can you repeat that? Amit, you were hard to hear. It’s important, because you were making some comments and I’m not sure I caught all of them about some correlation between some number and our biggest customer.
Amit Daryanani: Yes, no, excuse me, Mark, I was just trying think through, your largest customer is about 24% of sales this year. I’m just trying to think, as you go into fiscal 2016 on this $20 billion guide, do we think this customer or your largest customer stays about the same or it goes up or down in concentration. And I guess, the way I’m trying to think about this is, in fiscal 2015 you obviously have had really good growth. I think 65% of the incremental dollars you had this year away from that one customer. I’m just trying to think, do you get better diversity in 2016 versus 2015?
Mark Mondello: Yes, so now I heard you loud and clear, so thank you. Again, I don’t pay much attention to concentration issues around brands. I pay attention to concentration around risk. And I think we stated that Apple was a 24% customer, that’s public information. But one of the things that we spend a lot of time thinking about is, selecting partners with incredibly innovative management teams, and how do we manage risk and how do we manage concentration around that risk. And, I guess, I just leave it at that, because commenting about our biggest customer, we love them as a customer. They’re very innovative, and they’re playing a significant number of different areas and markets.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. I guess, we have to have one customer at that level, it should be Apple, but congrats on the quarter, guys.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner, Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi. Thank you, guys. I wanted to ask about what you’re seeing in the EM segment, specifically the revenue has been relatively flat, and I think you said you expect it to accelerate in the back-half of the year. Are there any segments that are stronger or weaker? And what gives you confidence that revenue will accelerate in the back-half?
Forbes Alexander: Sherri, I’ll take a swing at that. I think that sometimes what gets lost is and we probably own this, we call that segment of our business EMS, and the EMS business today incorporates different divisions for us. So, again, I remind you, it has our telco, it has our networking, research, some incredible brands. It’s got storage. We serve some incredible brands. Some of the legacy brands they’re absolutely not standing still. So they see some of the shifts in the market. The shifts in how data is stored, how data is transmitted, and we’re right there with them as far as some different innovative solutions. The second area of that business is our high velocity business. And our high velocity business arguably has one of our largest customer counts of any of the businesses in the company, and that cuts across an endless number of different end markets. And then the last area of EMS is industrial. And it’s not only industrial as a whole, but it’s light industrial, heavy industrial, and then energy, and that also is loaded up with a significant number of companies and brands. So when you take a look at it at that level, again, you combine that with the customer count, the brands we serve, and then some of the trends I talked about in my prepared comments around the fact that, we are in a secular trend of a lot of different hardware and a lot of different aspects of hardware being connected together, add that to what’s going on in the automotive space, add that to what’s going on in the cloud space, digitization, need for additional bandwidth, and that doesn’t even touch on some of the stuff we’re doing in high velocity or various parts of our industrial business. So that’s where we get some confidence that year-on-year, we will grow EMS at 5% or greater.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, great. And then just, Forbes, maybe thinking about the margins for that segment, you’re at about the midpoint of your long-term guidance for that segment. How should we think about margins for that group, as we trend through the year? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I think for modeling purposes, I’d use that midpoint of 3%, as we continue. In the back-half, we are expecting some ramps, but I think with efficiencies, we’ll certainly be around that midpoint.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Sherri.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. Can you hear me, okay.
Mark Mondello: We can hear you great, Steve.
Steven Fox: Okay, thanks. Just first off, can you just provide a little bit more color on the acquisition you just talked about in your preamble? What did it do that Nypro doesn’t and then you could provide any financial supporting of $110 million purchase price, it would be helpful? And then I have a follow-up?
Mark Mondello: Sure, Steve. Yes, so Plasticos Castella, as I said in my prepared remarks really give us a presence now in Europe. If you recall somewhere a couple of years ago, we acquired Nypro, which houses our healthcare business and our rigid plastic business. So Plasticos really complements back rigid packaging side and really gives us a foothold now in Europe, Nypro really being a North American acquisition a couple of years ago. So we’re very excited about the addition of this. It brings both some new customers and some complement – yes, complementing European divisions of existing customers, and really helps us in the thin-wall plastic area in particular, and access to food and beverage type products throughout Europe. As I said, the purchase price about $110 million and it’s relatively modest in terms of our revenue expectations over the next year. But think of it in the $100 million to $125 million type range and just say there’s a full year baked in there on our guidance.
Steven Fox: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, just as a follow-up as you look at the new fiscal year, you sort of ramped, expanded across the number of technologies over the last 18, 24 months. Are any of the newer component material sciences that you gotten into – are they becoming more drivers of revenue commercialized in a lot of products? Is there anything you would highlight as being more important this year than last year?
Mark Mondello: I won’t go into details or highlight it. But, absolutely, we are leading with a lot around where elastomers and material science is for sure.
Steven Fox: Okay. That’s helpful. All right. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you, and congratulations on really a robust and outstanding quarter to you and your team there. Great results. On the acquisition a housekeeping item, Forbes, I think I heard you correctly, but I broke up a bit on housekeeping. Did you say the assumed revenue contribution was about $110 million to $125 million? And if so, then that kind of puts you at just kind of say at $0.02 to $0.03 earnings help for next year. And then, Forbes, also the housekeeping item, the CapEx of $900 million, what kind of the math is now for a couple years is that? What was your kind of assumed for the run rate to kind of keep the Jabil machine running along just for a free cash flow assumptions going forward are relatively set? And then, for Mark a question, it appears that the non-DMS business didn’t contribute much this year and the DMS really did the big bulk of delivering, which is very impressive, don’t get me wrong. Had your visibility in the non-DS remained stable? And this economic condition improved or declined based upon the volatility around the world? Thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Okay. Jim, I’ll take a swing at the two. So in terms of the acquisition in our rigid packaging area, you’re correct in terms of that revenue range of $100 million, $120 million for the year. So we’re very pleased with that. And, that will be neutral to modestly accretive for the fiscal year, so not a huge driver in terms of our revised outlook or our outlook for 2016, but certainly, very, very complementary and we’re looking forward to growing that business of the European footprint as we move through 2016 into 2017. In terms of the CapEx, the midpoint of the guide this year, $900 million, you’re correct, in terms of those levels being consistent year-over-year. As we move forward, it is very much – I wouldn’t say to you it is $900 million consistently year-over-year. This $400 million – of the $900 million this year, approximately $400 million is maintenance, which is really the type of level I see going forward for that replacement cycle based on the broad base of assets that we have in place. This fiscal year, if you refer to the detail we provided, we’re adding another $250 million worth of capacity and infrastructure. And what that really equates to is about another, what, 2 million to 3 million square feet of operational capacity. We’re growing the company in mid-teens. They’re closer to mid-teens in terms of revenue. We need to make sure that we have appropriate capacity in place to be able to meet customer demands that we’re seeing. So it’s a bit of a longwinded answer to say, no, don’t bank on $900 million a year. It’s around about $400 million a year in terms of maintenance levels. And clearly as we move into 2017, assuming we’re at maintenance levels, you’re going to see an excess of $1 billion in what I call free cash flow, operational cash flow less of that CapEx.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Jim. This is Mark.
Jim Suva: Yes, hey, Mark.
Mark Mondello: Can you help me understand a little bit your question around non-EMS or EMS business, because just looking as an example, looking at FY 2015, our EMS business rough numbers contributed 44%, 45% of our income. So maybe you could help me understand your questions?
Jim Suva: Yes, you bet. Again, congrats that DMS was just truly stellar and outstanding, but non-DMS business, I think, the annual increase this quarter was about 1% year-over-year. I was just wondering if your visibility in bookings and discussions with those customers, again, not the DMS side, but the EMS side has remained stable, say, versus six months ago have improved or gotten worse just because the EMS is kind of a broader base of everything and DMS is a little bit more customer concentrated in the news and the media has been pretty volatile about things going up and things going down, I was trying to get a sense of the pulse for the EMS side?
Mark Mondello: Yes. Okay, I understand your question. Good question by the way. I think the way we look at it is, our EMS business has the vast majority of our customers. And as I think it was answering one of Sherri’s questions when I was talking about the fact that it’s made up of different divisions. With that said, there is a lot of uncertainty in the world today, it’s all over the place, and there’s a lot of uncertainty in the financial markets, and there’s a lot of uncertainty about who is going to get elected in the U.S. and on and on and on. So we try to consider all that when we’re talking about our business certainly on these calls. So when we kind of put all that together given consideration, take a look at our approach, take a look at what’s in the pipeline, and what type of solutions we’re bringing forward, we kind of stir all that up and that’s what led us to talk about the fact that we think we can take the $10.8 billion we did in FY 2015 and grow that by 5% in FY 2016.
Jim Suva: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Excellent. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today and for your questions and participation in the call. As always we will be available for any follow-up questions and inquiries that you have regarding our performance and our outlook. So thank you again for joining us and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-06-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP, Communications and Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steven Fox - Cross Research Sean Hannan - Needham Brian Alexander - Raymond James Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets Matt Sheerin - Stifel Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Jim Suva - Citi Tejas Venkatesh - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Jabil’s Third Quarter 2015 Fiscal Year Earnings Call. Beth Walters, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter of fiscal 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello, and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website at jabil.com in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this call. We ask that you follow along our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013 on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For today’s call, we will begin with some opening remarks from Mark Mondello. We will then move on to our third quarter results and updated guidance for fiscal fourth quarter of 2015 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you taking time to join our call today. As always, I would like to begin the call by thanking our people here at Jabil. I couldn’t be more proud of our team. They are simply the best. As for our third quarter results, we delivered core operating income of $160 million on revenues of $4.36 billion. These results illustrate that we are clearly delivering the plan and executing our strategy, a strategy firmly grounded on serving a diverse portfolio of businesses and brands. Forbes will provide more detailed results and discuss our fourth quarter guidance during his prepared remarks. For now, I would like to discuss the current state of our business. Our strategy is fully intact. For the back half of this year, we realized strong performance from our EMS division in terms of core operating income. At the same time, we are making significant investments within our DMS division in preparation for a fast start to fiscal year ‘16. For the full fiscal year, fiscal year ‘15, I remain confident that we will deliver $2 in core earnings per share. As I have stated during our past two earnings calls, we believe that expanding our investments at this time makes perfect sense if opportunities surface, specifically growth opportunities that align with our strategy. As such, we have made a decision to expedite further expansion of our newly formed campus in Chengdu, China. We made this decision based on optimizing our construction costs and modeling our needs for additional capacity, capacity based on our growth projections for the next two to three years. We are fortunate to find ourselves in a situation, where business conditions dictate the need for an increase in our overall manufacturing square footage. In addition, management has approved incremental capital investments for our Electronics Manufacturing Services division. The result of these two decisions will be an increase of $140 million to $180 million against the high end of the capital expenditure range I provided six months ago during our December earnings call. With this, it should be noted that we are still well positioned to deliver $150 million to $250 million of free cash flow this year, a reflection of strong cash generation across the corporation. Looking forward, our business continues to exhibit excellent momentum. As we approach fiscal year ‘16, I will judge our success throughout the year by the following: excellent retention, development and care of our people; continued positive trends and trajectory of our net promoter scores; further expansion of our strategic capabilities; year-on-year revenue growth above 5% for our EMS division; year-on-year revenue growth above 15% for our DMS division; and a minimum of 20% year-on-year growth of core EPS. My confidence in our ability to deliver is reinforced by very real catalysts, catalysts such as the current outlook of our share of wallet expansion and continued market share gains; the scale of product ramps currently underway inside of our factories; the attractive opportunities available throughout the markets we serve; the collective aggregation of computing power, cloud access and storage, digitization, mobility, sensors and predictive analytics; and finally, the secular trend specific to connected devices that’s so pervasive. With that said, I will provide more complete details in guidance specific to fiscal year ‘16 during our September earnings call. A simple yet impactful proof point of how we are advancing our go-to-market approach is clearly illustrated inside of our Blue Sky innovation center in Silicon Valley. We hosted a 1,000 plus customers, friends and suppliers at our formal grand opening back in April. Our center offers easy access to our leading capabilities as they are now showcased under one roof. Blue Sky is where we bring together multifunctional experts to talk and think. Think about what-if scenarios, brainstorm in a collaborative manner, look beyond the device, look beyond the hardware itself, how are real problems addressed in today’s world, how are solutions implemented with incredible speed and accuracy. Since April, we have hosted roughly 50 customer meetings at Blue Sky with a full pipeline of additional meetings planned for and confirmed through the balance of our fiscal year. It’s early days, but the zeal and passion around Blue Sky is simply awesome. Our team here at Jabil loves being part of a high-energy ecosystem centered around growth, innovation and complex technical challenges. Why is this so important? It’s important, because when the day is done, it’s all about having an inspired team, a team that excels when it comes to taking great care of our customers. In concluding my prepared remarks, I think about the resiliency of our business. Our strategy to lean into diversified growth is proving positive, both at a corporate level and a divisional level. Growth remains top of mind for our entire team. I believe we are squarely on track to deliver a strong fiscal year ‘16. We have a great team, outstanding customers, incredible reach, massive scale and unique solutions, solutions which align perfectly with the needs of today’s marketplace. Our team will continue to provide more and more products across more and more end markets and do so, on behalf of the greatest brands in the world. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. If you are following along, I’d now ask you to turn to Slide 3 of the presentation posted on our website, where I will review the results for our third fiscal quarter. Net revenue for the third quarter was $4.36 billion, an increase of 15% on a year-over-year basis. Our GAAP operating income was $135 million while GAAP net income was $72 million, GAAP net diluted earnings per share being $0.37. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring expense, was $160 million or 3.7% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.49. Now turning to Slide 4 for our third quarter segment discussion, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment saw revenues increase 41% on a year-over-year basis, in line with our expectations. Revenue for this segment was approximately $1.62 billion, representing 37% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was $65 million or 4% of revenue reflecting continued investment in product development, capacity and multiple product ramp prepositioning as we approach fiscal 2016. The Electronic Manufacturing Services segment performed extremely well during the quarter despite end market related softness in our enterprise and infrastructure business. Revenue for this segment was $2.74 billion, an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income for this segment was $95 million or 3.5% of revenue. The improvement in profitability for this segment was a result of favorable mix coupled with strong execution and the benefits of previously announced restructuring activity. I would now like to review our cash, return metrics and capital expenditures on Slide 5. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $963 million. Core EBITDA for the quarter was approximately $290 million or 6.7% revenue. Our year-to-date EBITDA is $875 million, representing 6.6% of revenue, while core returns on invested capital were 17.1%. Net capital expenditures during the quarter were $259 million, bringing our yearly investment spend to $722 million as we maintain our focus on growth for fiscal years ‘16 and ‘17. We are extremely pleased with our operating cash flow generation during the quarter of $358 million. With this performance, cash flows from operations for the nine months were $883 million. And as a result, we remain extremely well positioned to achieve $200 million of free cash flow for the full fiscal year. Now I will ask you to turn to Slide 7. Our outlook for the fourth fiscal quarter, we expect revenue in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $4.45 billion to $4.65 billion, where at its midpoint an increase of 12% on a year-over-year basis. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $135 million to $165 million and core operating margin in the range of 3% to 3.5%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.50 per diluted share. And GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.27 to $0.38 per diluted share. This is based upon a diluted share count of 197 million shares. Based on current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 26% for the quarter. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase approximately 35% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues estimated to be approximately $1.75 billion, while the Electronic Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase approximately 1.5% or with revenues of $2.8 billion. And I will turn to Slide 8 for the full fiscal year. Our expectations for the full fiscal year that overall company revenue will grow 13% to $17.8 billion, while our DMS segment is anticipated to grow 36% to $7 billion and our EMS segment, 2% to $10.8 billion. The earnings per share estimate for the full fiscal year remains at $2. In summary, the full fiscal year remains on track to be a strong year. Operational cash flows continue to facilitate rapidly expanding capacity in footprint investments, investments that are uniquely positioning Jabil for continued strong growth in revenues and earnings in fiscal 2016 and beyond. I would now like to hand the call back over to Beth.
Beth Walters: Thanks Forbes and Mark. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I would like to remind our call participants on the other side that in customary fashion, we will not be address any customer or product specific questions. Thank you for your cooperation. Operator, ready to play on.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions for me, first of all Mark, looking at some of your comments for next fiscal year, especially around sales growth, can you just sort of maybe highlight some of the drivers that you are most confident in sort of setting those bars like you did. And then just secondly, Forbes looking at your gross margins for the quarter they continue to creep up pretty consistently, was there anything in particular you would highlight relative to the quarter just completed around the gross margin improvement? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Hi Steve, so I think in general we are seeing good opportunities across the company and that’s where I made the comments, I made around the growth rates for both EMS and our DMS divisions, EMS being at the high-end of the range, if not beyond, and DMS being above and beyond the long-term range. The long-term range of our DMS division for growth is I think 8% to 12% and I think we will do 15% or greater. And again, we are just seeing really nice opportunities for the company across the entire business. And I think again it’s reflected in the CapEx that you are seeing for this year.
Forbes Alexander: And the second part of your question Steve in terms of gross margins. Yes. I think you are correct. Sequentially it’s about 10 basis point move upward. Nothing extraordinary in the quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, we had an outstanding quarter in terms of performance from our EMS segment, really based around favorable mix, strong execution and the benefits of some restructuring that we had initiated last year. And I think as we move into ‘16, I think we could see continued growth in that gross margin as we focus on reining in some of that SG&A expense.
Steven Fox: Great. And then just real quick follow-up, on the incremental CapEx you were talking about in terms of spending this year versus where you were saying six months ago, should we think of those projects as you are getting a return on that in fiscal year ‘17, not ‘16?
Mark Mondello: On the incremental I have talked about, so I would say 40%-50% of that I think we will get a return on in ’16 and the balance in ‘17, Steve.
Steven Fox: Great.
Mark Mondello: The CapEx, the CapEx for the EMS business we are going to get a pretty quick return on based on the opportunities that we booked. And then as far as finishing out or continuing construction on the Chengdu campus, that’s going to be late ‘16 and into ‘17.
Steven Fox: Got it. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham.
Sean Hannan: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Firstly here, in terms of the expanded investments, did I interpret this correctly, it sounds like there is a decision to expedite these investments in an incremental fashion versus what you have already signaled in last quarter’s call for this upcoming fourth quarter and then into fiscal ’16, can you help me to better understand the incremental here?
Mark Mondello: Yes, Sean. So I don’t – let me answer it this way and tell me if I missed the mark and we can keep talking. So to put in perspective, right we – if I look back a year ago from right now and I look at where we are headed by the first and second quarter of fiscal year ‘16, we will have added, rough numbers, we will have added 4 million to 5 million square feet of manufacturing space in Asia. So, it’s a massive undertaking and that’s what’s driven a big part of our CapEx. The reason we didn’t capture it beginning of the year is our models at the beginning of the year suggested that we may not need it until ‘17 and ‘18 and that’s just not the case. So, again, just to kind of frame out the magnitude, we are adding an awful lot of square footage in Asia. What we decided to do in Q3 and now in Q4 is we got construction crews onsite in Chengdu. And by the way, we have also expanded as I said in the March call, we are expanding in Indonesia, Malaysia and then we are adding two or three additional factories for our Nypro business, but where most of this is being driven is as we have got construction crews onsite, we got Jabil people supervising the construction from a safety and an environmental perspective. And we could go ahead and stop all that based on CapEx budgets or we can continue to move forward with the momentum we have and just – and continue from an optimization standpoint around cost versus bringing crews back and forth. So, that’s the decision we have made and I think it’s an appropriate decision for the business the way things sit today.
Sean Hannan: Okay, that’s fair and that’s helpful. Now, in terms of the follow-up here, I think that we have been getting some signals from your folks that there has been a lot of effort in terms of the further diversification for other mobility or other types of customers within your DMS space as well as the progress that you are making at Nypro perhaps year-over-year stepping up the growth levels there. Can we get a little bit more clarity in terms of how you are viewing those pieces of your business as a growth profile versus the other well, primarily one main other area within DMS, so basically, you don’t have just one customer pushing DMS trying to get better clarity around the other diversified drivers within DMS that are pushing revenues forward? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes, Sean. So, I just – I can’t give you – I know it’s unsatisfying. I just can’t give you a lot of detail. I can tell you that the macro conditions we are seeing with growth rates contracting a bit in China, what we are seeing in the southern part of Europe and what we are seeing in the U.S. if we are able to take our EMS business year-on-year from ‘15 to ‘16 and grow it 5% or greater and if we are able to grow our diversified business in the range of 15% or greater, I believe that’s a heck of an accomplishment in the context of what’s going on from the overall macro environment. And I will tell you that the growth that we are seeing is very well diversified. So, at this point, I will leave it at that. And as I committed in my prepared comments and remarks, we will provide more color for you in a full year model in our earnings call in September.
Sean Hannan: Thanks so much.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander: Yes, just a question on margins for each of the businesses. For EMS, 3.5% operating margin, Forbes, that was the highest result in I think several years, just curious what drove this and how sustainable this is especially given that the revenue came in below expectations this quarter? It looks like you are expecting deceleration next quarter. And for the DMS business, 4% operating margin, I’m just curious did you experience any timing difference or change to the $60 million of second half costs for DMS to be called out a quarter ago? It looks like the 4% margin was probably below most people’s expectations and I don’t know if you are still expecting $130 million to $160 million for second half DMS operating income that you talked about a quarter ago. Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Sure, Brian. So, on the EMS side, yes, you are right, outstanding performance in the quarter, 3.5 points, so, 50 basis points above the long-term midpoint range for that business. What happened in the quarter was we saw some favorable mix even with the shortfalls in revenue, if you will, around the enterprise and infrastructure business. So, the mix swung favorably. We saw some nice growth within our industrial business in the quarter. That certainly had some activity there. The execution was particularly strong across all market-facing portions of the business there. And then we did talk previously about some restructuring activity kicking in the back half of this fiscal year. We announced our restructuring plan, oh gosh, four, six quarters ago and it’s really starting to take effect now where we unfortunately did close out in the year a facility here in the United States and have made significant headcount reductions in Western Europe. So, all those coupled together really helps support that. Then as we move forward, you are going to see some of this ramping business that Mark has referred to in terms of investments there. So, I would encourage everyone to model that business, we are averaging for around the 3% mark or the midpoint of our overall long-term range. On the DMS side, we still expect to be in the range of that $130 million to $165 million for the back half of the year just given the scale of ramps, perhaps towards the lower end of that range, but certainly yes, we are on track there to deliver at least $130 million in the back half of the year and that will set us up very, very strongly as we move into Q1 of ‘16.
Brian Alexander: So, as you look to next year and I know we are not giving explicit guidance, but we have enough information to back into an expected operating margin of 4% for next year based on the revenue growth that you gave and the EPS growth that you gave. Should we assume that within that DMS gets back above 6% operating margins for the full year given that it looks like for the second half, it’s actually going to be below 4% if I use the low end of the range that you just gave? So, how do we get from below 4% in the second half to 6% or above, which I think you would need to achieve to get to the 4% margin for the company for next year? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Hey, Brian, it’s Mark. So, I will talk – why don’t we talk more about that in the September call. And again, our commitment is to give you better detail, better color around ‘16 in September, but I wouldn’t look at – I wouldn’t look at a 4% range for DMS for FY ‘16. We have talked about for the last number of quarters is our story is, is for this fiscal year is that it would be a strong half – strong first half for DMS, which it was and the business itself is still quite strong for DMS, but the back half was going to be an investment period for us and that’s exactly what’s happening. On EMS, we talked about for the last couple of quarters the fact that the back half of the year would be stronger for our EMS business and again that’s exactly what’s happening. As we move into ‘16 again, I think the information we will provide in September will give you good opportunity to kind of shape out your models, but at a high level I would again envision the first half of ‘16 to be strong for DMS and I’d view EMS to be strong for all four quarters and strong for EMS would be margins in the middle of the range, which I think is 2% to 4%.
Brian Alexander: Could you just confirm that you are still expecting $60 million of one-time costs for the back half? That’s my last question.
Mark Mondello: Yes, that’s confirmed. And again, if you take a look at what we have published for Q3 and what we are publishing for Q4 and you can work your math pretty quickly and get an idea of the fact that we are going to be towards the low end of the range I gave you for DMS for the back half of the year, but if you sum up the cumulative operating profits for DMS and you add $60 million to that, you will see that the margins normalize nicely. So, again, it validates what we have been telling you that its Q3 and Q4 are an investment period for us as we prepare for the first half of ‘16. Yes.
Brian Alexander: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. This is [indiscernible] calling in for Shawn. Just piggybacking off of that $60 million in one-time costs, so we should expect that all of that will be gone by the fourth quarter, correct?
Mark Mondello: You can expect that all of that will be gone by the first quarter, so 1Q of ‘16.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, alright. And then secondly with regards to the CapEx guidance, you mentioned that it’s going to be about 140 to 180 above what you had previously provided, is that – does that bring up the range I think last time you said 650 to 750. So does that bring that up to the 890-plus range or does the 650 you mentioned last time incorporate that as well?
Mark Mondello: No, I think you are thinking of that correctly. As we sit today and again there is whatever 60 days left in the year I think our overall CapEx for Jabil for the fiscal year will be in the 900 range, that’s correct. That’s the proper way to think about that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. It sounds good. That’s it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hi, this is Mitch Steves filling in for Amit. I just had a quick question on the operating margin line as well. So based on what you are guiding for the $60 million impact, does that imply that Q4 August should be the trough and then we will see margin expansion starting in Q1 of next year, is that – am I understanding that correctly?
Mark Mondello: I think that’s the fair way to think about it, correct.
Mitch Steves: Okay. And then secondly, I am going to kind of piggyback on Brian’s original question there, if I would run the math and just run it roughly 3% margin and I would assume your DMS kind of gets back up 6% range, but kind of get into higher than 4.5% or so at the end of the year, because that’s something that you guys think is achievable or is that just very aggressive ramp-up towards the end of fiscal year ‘16?
Mark Mondello: Again, I – what I talked about in my prepared comments again was the growth rate for DMS and EMS and what I believe is very achievable for us is to take our core earnings per share up 20% year-on-year as a minimum. So again I would kind of work with that and we will dial this in with better resolution as we get towards the first half of the year in the September call.
Mitch Steves: Okay, that’s it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks. Just a question regarding the core EMS business and the weakness you are talking about in enterprise and infrastructure, could you give us some more color there, obviously you are not the only one talking about weakness in telecom related spending, storage and other areas, but could you give us some more color?
Mark Mondello: Sure. So I think in the third quarter and then a bit for the fourth quarter, our enterprise and infrastructure business is a bit weak. So it’s coming out of that group. I would remind you that our EMS business is made up in three tranches, right. We have got our enterprise infrastructure, we have got our high velocity, which is kind of our commodity type consumer business and we got industrial and energy. Industrial and energy is holding nicely. High velocity is actually doing reasonably well And then enterprise and infrastructure and it’s really spread across the board, it’s not any one segment or any one customer. It’s – that business is quite broad and it’s sprinkled across the business in general. I do believe that we will see a decent recovery in enterprise and infrastructure as you get into the first part of FY ‘16.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And the 5% revenue growth expectation for EMS next year, is that contingent on any core growth in the enterprise and infrastructure or is it just mostly incremental new business wins and growth in high velocity and in the industrial area?
Mark Mondello: The 5% I have stated in EMS is kind of framed out with the current environment we are in today. So I envision a bit of a recovery in our enterprise and infrastructure business, not a lot but a bit and then combine that with market share wins. And the other thing I have said in previous calls is I am really happy about the fact that our business is growing both vertically and horizontally. So we are adding new customers and then we are also in a really good position right now where we are expanding our share wallet with some of the current brands that we serve. So all of that kind of put together is what’s driving the growth rate for EMS.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And just lastly could you tell us if you had any 10% customers and what the top 10 customers made up as a percentage of sales?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. We have one customer about 10% and the top 10 is about 58% who we did is…
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi. Thanks. Just I wanted to follow-up on does the growth next year for the EM segment, Mark talking about the enterprise and infrastructure segment a lot of the companies have talked about a back half recovery in telecom and wireless equipment, I just wanted to get a sense of if you are also seeing that and is that 5% growth predicated on a recovery in that segment or is there any particular piece of the infrastructure piece that’s going to do better? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Sherri, I think it’s a good question and I would say yes and yes. So there were some artificial demand issues in our Q3 to carryover to Q4 in Asia, specifically China where demand was not halted, but certainly cut a bit short in our third quarter and will carryover into fourth. We think that will recover. And in general to your commentary I do think that – I do think that we will see a back half recovery versus where we sit today and that back half recovery is in our estimates when I talk about a 5% or greater growth rate in EMS for ‘16.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. And in terms of the other segments, HBS and industrial, are those going to just continue at the growth rates that they are at, do you think they will accelerate based on your program wins, what are you seeing there? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes. Again, I would just stick with modeling out 5% growth rate maybe a little greater in EMS as we moved to ‘16 and that’s kind of cumulative over enterprise infrastructure, high velocity and industrial.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you, guys and congratulations. Can you just help us better understand of what’s going on with the profitability of the DMS, the Diversified Manufacturing Services margins, they declined quarter-over-quarter where once you kind of assume that yields and production efficiency help out, so are you doing restructuring there that is being asked by customers or Jabil’s footprint needs to change or installation of equipment or yield issues or why would your margins decline quarter-over-quarter in the DMS business? And then I have a follow-up question.
Forbes Alexander: Sure, Jim. So, overall, margins in the back half of the year for DMS, as expected, as we have talked about in the last call expect to come in around 4% for the back half of the year. And that’s really the impact of us spending in the region of about $60 million incremental capacity and building that capacity across multiple program routes, so no restructuring going on. We are in the right locations to serve our customers broadly across that space. But I think earlier in the call in an answer to a question, Mark have noted by – essentially but as we get through the end of the calendar year here we will have added another 4 million to 5 million square feet in China. So think of that $60 million being applied to that additional square footage that’s going up and bringing in the labor force and preproduction ramps around these programs. So as we move into ‘16, you will see that rebound very strongly going into Q1 of ‘16, but it’s really all around an investment phase that this sets us up beautifully for fiscal ‘16.
Jim Suva: Got it. Then my follow-up question is that, I guess, is it a fair assumption to say that the investments that pay off future profitability next year because of EPS growth, you are talking about 20% or more than 20% next year in earnings growth? Therefore, one should also assume that you get the traction and the incremental capacity expansion this year isn’t a perpetual and will happen again next year, because otherwise you would be facing ramp in costs next year that would suppress margins. So, is that fair or am I missing some pieces of the puzzle?
Mark Mondello: I am not sure, Jim – this is Mark. I am not sure I quite understand your question. Let me try to answer it this way. So, we are – we believe we will do roughly $2 a share in core EPS this year. Next year, my prepared remarks would suggest we will do $2.40 of core EPS or greater. If I take a look at the capital investments we have made this year and I apply an appropriate percentage of those investments to growth and income in fiscal year ‘16, that plus productivity gains and efficiencies that we believe will get across the business end up tying off to the $2.40 a share that the math worked out to be per my prepared comments. So, that’s kind of how I would think about it, Jim.
Jim Suva: Yes, it makes sense. Thank you very much guys.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Tejas Venkatesh: Hi, this is Tejas on behalf of Amitabh. I guess most of my questions were asked, but could you talk a little bit about the consumer and auto sub-segments, how did they do in the quarter and also were there any geographic trends that you would highlight? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: What was the last part of the question?
Tejas Venkatesh: Were there any geographic trends that you would highlight?
Mark Mondello: The only geographic trend I would highlight would be again we saw some weakness in enterprise and infrastructure out of Asia. And other than that, nothing that was a big surprise. Again, overall our observation is the macro is still relatively weak and – but, we had accounted for that going into our third quarter and certainly going into the fourth. As far as automotive and other parts of our sectors, we really don’t break that down or discuss it although I will tell you that in general terms I believe that the automotive marketplace is moving in a direction that’s very favorable to a company like Jabil.
Beth Walters: Operator, is that the last question?
Operator: Yes, ma’am, that was the last question. There are no further questions at this time.
Beth Walters: Okay, very good. Thank you all for joining us for the call today. We look forward to following up with any follow-up questions you have on our third quarter and/or our fourth quarter and outlook. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-03-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Sean K. Hannan - Needham & Co. LLC Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC Gausia F. Chowdhury - Longbow Research LLC Nikhil Kumar - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Jabil's second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth A. Walters - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you. Welcome to our second quarter of 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release – excuse me, our second quarter press release, slides, and corresponding webcast links are also available on the website. In these materials, you'll find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides in the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2015 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company, and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumption involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2014, and on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's call will begin with opening remarks from Mark. We will then move on to second quarter fiscal results and updated guidance for fiscal 2015 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. So I would now like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join the call today. Before I begin, I'd like to take a minute and recognize all of our people here at Jabil. Thank you. Thanks for all you do and thank you for your dedication. As for Jabil's second quarter, I am really pleased with the results. The revenue for the quarter was $4.3 billion, which was in line with our guidance. From a profit perspective, we exceeded our target, resulting in core operating income of $166 million for the quarter, which is 11% above the midpoint of our guidance. If we step back and look at the first half of the year, cash flow from operations was $525 million. I highlight this because strong cash flows are crucial, as they fuel our ability to grow. Overall, our team delivered a solid quarter. Let me talk a bit about capital expenditures. CapEx for the year looks to remain in the range of $650 million to $750 million. As we sit today, we most likely will be at the high end of this range, which I view as a positive. This is driven by additional investment opportunities, which remain strong. In fact, if things go our way, we may actually increase CapEx during the fourth quarter as we prepare for fiscal year 2016 and beyond. For the full fiscal year, I remain confident in our core earnings per share guidance of $1.85 to $2.15. Let's look at the market. As we look ahead, we're very well positioned in the markets we serve. Most all of them have attractive underlying catalyst mandates that align perfectly with our solutions and broad-based capabilities. We continue to observe dramatic parabolic change across most markets. This is driven by technology and a new generation of consumers; consumers that display an insatiable appetite for instantaneous access to everything and infinite customization. These demands combined with the need for immediate gratification drive massive disruption. Said another way, these expectations spawn additional expectations. When I think about change, change is always present. In fact, change itself is a constant. But today, the rate of change in the markets that we serve is truly unprecedented. These dynamics continue to drive great opportunities for Jabil. As we look internally, we're carrying excellent momentum into the second half of the year as we stay focused on our top priorities, priorities being: exceptional customer care; thoughtful growth of earnings year on year; expansion of our capabilities; and taking exceptional care of our people. I'd now like to look at our business segments. Let's start with our Diversified Manufacturing Services, or DMS, segment. Our DMS business delivered second quarter revenue largely as planned while exceeding margin expectations. The DMS team delivered core operating margins of 6.6%, a 40 basis point increase sequentially quarter on quarter. It was a stellar performance. Looking to the back half of the fiscal year, we anticipate core operating income for our DMS segment to be in the range of $130 million to $160 million. We plan to deliver this core operating income while at the same time incurring roughly $60 million of operating expenses. These operating expenses will support bringing additional manufacturing square footage online, executing various program ramps, and working on a wide range of development activities. The majority of this expense will occur in our fourth fiscal quarter. This reflects what we planned for and communicated at the beginning of our fiscal year. In other words, nothing has changed specific to these expenses. Our plan continues to unfold, as expected. Within our DMS segment, our Nypro brand is delivering on their admirable goal of improving the way in which people live. The team is doing so through their outstanding performance in healthcare and packaging by making our customers' products more accessible, more affordable, and more sustainable. Also within our DMS segment, our Green Point team continues to display terrific engineering aptitude and operational excellence. They continue to lead in areas of material sciences and integrated plastics and metals. When one combines this with their ability to execute high-volume manufacturing, you have a winning team in the areas of mobility, consumer lifestyles, and wearable technology. Let's move and take a look at our Electronic Manufacturing Services, or EMS, segment. Our EMS team delivered second quarter revenue above guidance, although core operating margins were down 30 basis points sequentially. This was largely due to seasonality within our high-velocity sector as well as additional costs incurred as we prepare for a strong second half of the year. Our EMS team is successfully enhancing and reinventing their value proposition while taking advantage of secular trends. These newer secular trends include connected automobiles, digital home connectivity, consumption-based IT solutions, additional bandwidth driven by the Internet of Everything, machine-to-machine interactions, lower-cost sensor technologies, and the ubiquitous use of predictive analytics. In wrapping up my prepared remarks, I want to reiterate that we are certainly on track to deliver a strong quarter – excuse me, a strong year; a year that exceeds the plan we laid out for you back in September. Our business is resilient and very well-positioned for the coming years ahead. We remain thoughtful on our investments. I believe this will keep us front and center in terms of remaining relevant. Said another way, the lack of investment in capabilities and critical assets would have the potential to render Jabil irrelevant over time, especially when one considers the rate of change that's so prevalent in the world today. Jabil's healthier than ever. We have a great team, outstanding customers, and incredible reach, massive scale, and innovative solutions. We'll continue to expand our universe, both vertically and horizontally. This provides a multiplier effect as we deliver more and more products across more and more end markets, while serving the greatest brands in the world. Opportunities remain plentiful. Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Mark. I'll now ask you to refer to slide three to discuss our second fiscal quarter. Net revenue for the quarter was $4.3 billion, an increase of 20% on a year-over-year basis. Our GAAP operating income was $125 million during the quarter. So GAAP net income was $52 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share was $0.27. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring expenses, was at the high-end of our previous guidance at $166 million or 3.9% of total revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.50. Turning to our second quarter segment discussion on slide four. Our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment increased 52% on a year-over-year basis, in line with our expectations. Revenue for the segment was approximately $1.7 billion, representing 39% of total company revenue. I am particularly pleased with our DMS operating income performance during the quarter. At 6.6% of revenue, it reflects improving asset utilization within our mobility, healthcare, and packaging businesses. The Electronic Manufacturing Services segment also performed well during the quarter as revenue increased by 6% on a year-over-year basis or approximately $75 million above our expectations. Relative to our plan, the revenue strength was broad-based with networking and telecommunications leading the way. Revenue was approximately $2.6 billion, representing 61% of total company revenue. Core operating income was 2.1%, reflective of sequential seasonal declines in consumer-facing demand. Turning to slide five. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $966 million, while total debt levels were consistent at $2.2 billion. Cash flows from operations in the quarter were $336 million; and on a year-to-date basis, $525 million. Core EBITDA for the quarter was $287 million or 6.7% of revenue, while our core return on invested capital was 17.6%. Consistent with our previous discussions, we maintain our focus on growth for fiscal 2016 as we've invested in equipment, buildings, infrastructure, and capabilities during the second quarter. Net capital expenditures were $270 million, bringing our year-to-date investments to approximately $464 million. I'd now ask you to turn the slide seven while I discuss our business outlook for the third quarter of 2015. We expect revenue in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis to be in the range of $4.35 billion to $4.55 billion, or at its midpoint an increase of 17%. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $145 million to $175 million, with core operating margin in the range of 3.3% to 3.8%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.53 per diluted share, while GAAP earnings per share in the range of $0.29 to $0.44 per diluted share; this based upon our diluted share count of 196 million shares. Based upon current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be approximately 25% for the quarter. I'll now ask you to turn to slide eight. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase by approximately 42% on a year-over-year basis with revenues estimated to be $1.625 billion. The Electronic Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase 7% or with revenues of $2.825 billion. The second half of the fiscal year remains consistent with that of 90 days ago. Core operating income levels are anticipated to be approximately $310 million at the midpoint of our annual guidance, reflective of ongoing investments across both our EMS and DMS segments with a particular investment focus within DMS. Our expectations for the full year remain. Revenues are anticipated to grow 14% on a year-over-year basis to approximately $18 billion; the DMS segment growing 36% on a year-over-year basis; while the EMS segment is growing at 4%. Core operating income is now $15 million higher than our previous expectations as a result of strong performance in the most recent quarter. As a result of the mix of higher levels of core operating income, our tax rate is now expected to be 26% for the full fiscal year. The earnings per share estimate for the full year remains at $2. In summary, the full fiscal year is on track to be a strong year. Operational cash flows of $1 billion are facilitating investments; investments that are uniquely positioning Jabil for continued strong growth in revenues and earnings in fiscal 2016 and beyond. Now I'd like to hand the call back over the Beth.
Beth A. Walters - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you, Forbes and Mark. Before we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to remind all of our call participants that in customary fashion we will not be able to address any customer or product specific questions; and we thank you in advance for your cooperation. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, and congratulations to you and your team at Jabil. One question I have is on the additional capacity that you're adding or CapEx on the higher end and maybe even above that. Can you help us understand about which of the two reporting segments that will be in? And a little bit – a question around that is I believe the DMS business was running around like $1.9 billion in the November quarter, so it seems like you still have plenty of capacity there. So is the capacity being added in that and you expect to just to not be able to contain or maintain that $1.9 billion? I think you'd have some yield efficiencies that would help out so you could go above the November high of $1.9 billion. But help us understand where you're putting in this new capacity. Thank you.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Jim. This is Mark. Thanks for the comments. So right now, as we sit, we're still planning on a CapEx range of the $650 million to the $750 million. The issue is, we've provided that back in December. And what Forbes and I got to talking about over the last couple weeks is we've got a number of opportunities that are directly in front of us, and we're evaluating each of those and putting them through, if you will, our evaluation funnel from an ROIC and cash flow perspective. And we think we may end up saying yes to some of those before the end of the fiscal year, and that's what prompted me to put the comments in my prepared statement. With that said, I would think that the high end of our current CapEx range, most of that will be consumed in our DMS business. And if we exceed the limits, I think that'll be heavily weighted to DMS, but there are also some wonderful opportunities for us in the EMS segment as well. On the second half of your question, on the DMS revenue in Q1, the $1.9 billion is accurate. And in the DMS space, we'll be adding square footage in China. And then we'll be, as we talked about in the December call, looking at infrastructure in Malaysia, Indonesia, and then we're also adding some square footage for Nypro as well. So if everything goes as planned, I think we're setting the company up for revenue levels in excess of the $1.9 billion at some point in time.
James Dickey Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, thank you very much and congratulations to you and your team.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, two questions for me, please. First of all, on the DMS margins, the 6.6% that you put up, was there anything unusual in those numbers, or would you consider that normal type of margins for the revenues you just posted, and just any other help that improved the margins quarter over quarter? And then secondly, just digging into DMS a little bit, could you talk about where Nypro is versus maybe some of the growth targets you talked about during the last few months of, say, 8% to 10% growth for the year and what's driving it right now? Thanks.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Steve. It's Forbes. In terms of the DMS, you're right, it's just excellent performance, 6.6% in the quarter. Nothing unusual there, just some really excellent asset utilization in that business; and really all marketplaces from mobility, healthcare, and packaging. So some really strong performance as we're bringing programs up to ramp. If you recall, there's a number of those launched in the September – October timeframe and into November, and the teams really got into their stride during in the quarter. So very pleased with that, and I don't see any reason why that couldn't be achieved on an ongoing basis once we have these additional levels of capacity in place and programs at volume. And the second part of your question, could you remind me?
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just on Nypro, the growth, if you could drill into the growth there and how it's tracking versus your targets.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: Historically, that business has grown organically right about 5% in the marketplace. I think as you're aware, our long-term growth rates for the DMS space are 8% to 12%, and certainly Nypro is tracking nicely within that band.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: And anything that you would highlight that's growing faster versus the overall growth for Nypro?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: No, not really. I think both packaging and the pharmaceutical side and drug delivery are growing very nicely, probably about the same pace.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Steve. One thing to complement Forbes's comments on the DMS business, in my prepared comments I talked about the fact that for the back half of the year DMS will do – I think I said $130 million to $160 million for Q3 and Q4 combined. If you take the center point of that at $145 million, that puts DMS for the year in like the $375 million range for core op income. And what I also talked about is the investments that we're deciding to make towards the back half of the fiscal year. And those investments will be, again, to add some infrastructure as well as prepare some product ramps for fiscal year 2016. But on a normalized basis, if you were to take that $60 million out, and I recognize it's business as usual but it is about preparing some nice product ramps for 2016, the back half of the year, instead of being $145 million, would be closer to $200 million or $205 million. And if you take the first half of DMS, DMS margins I think were 6.2% – 6.3% blended for the first half. The back half with the investments in it will blend out to be 4.3% – 4.4%, with Q4 being the lower quarter. You take out the investments we're making for growth and the back half would also normalize around 6%. So again, it gives you an idea. And I add this commentary only to add some color around what the DMS business looks like on a normalized basis if we weren't making the investments.
Steven B. Fox - Cross Research LLC: Right, got it. That's very helpful, thanks so much.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBS (sic) [RBC] Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys, two questions for me. Mark, could you just talk about or elaborate? I think you mentioned that if things go your way, CapEx would be above a $700 million number. Could you maybe talk about what needs to go your way for CapEx to get above $700 million? And just broadly, do you think $650 million to $700 million CapEx is the reality for the next couple of years, or do you think it's more of a fiscal 2015 phenomenon and things should stabilize as you go further out?
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I think what I said was – is, as we sit today, our CapEx range is still $650 million to $750 million, which is the range that Forbes and I provided in December. And I said that we'd be at the high end of that range, it looks like as we sit today, based on the opportunities that we have. What I also added to that was – is we actually could go above that range, so above the $750 million, if some things fell our way in the back half of the year. And again, where that comes from is we had our call in December, we felt good about the $650 million to $750 million range. And in January, February, the early part of March, conversations that we're having with customers and some of our commercial folks are leading us to believe that we may actually have some additional opportunities that we would end up recognizing both revenue and income in fiscal year 2016 and 2017. And what we don't want to do is, is we want to continue to run the business in the correct fashion. And I don't want to run the business – I want to run the business on a very disciplined platform as far as cost and investment. But I also don't want to pass on what look to be some very good growth opportunities for us long term because we have a CapEx budget, if you will. And our CapEx budget, again, is applied against our business planning. I'm very, very comfortable with the discipline we have around that. But with the liquidity we have today, the balance sheet we have today, there's some really nice opportunities that we're evaluating. If we end up moving forward with those, it would take the overall CapEx for the year, weighted towards the back end, above and beyond the $650 million to $750 million range.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then I guess, Forbes, just to make sure I understand this, the guide implies 40 basis points, 50 basis points operating margin drop in the back half versus the first half. That's largely driven by the $60 million of incremental investments in the DMS segment, or is there any other drivers as well? And is there a comfort that the $60 million is a one-time back half investment, or is that something that sustains into the early part of 2016?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: No, I think you've described it well in that the margin decline in the back half of the year is solely due to that investment of $60 million, which is just creating a fabulous platform as we move into the first quarter of 2016. So view that, as Mark described in his prepared remarks, the addition of incremental capacity, product development teams, hiring of labor, and pre-positioning that for really multiple product and customer ramps as we move into our fiscal 2016.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect, thank you.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So following on Amit's question, it looks like operating income is expected to be down about 11% in the second half versus the first half, if I did my math right; and I think we talked previously about fiscal 2015 playing out pretty similar to how fiscal 2013 did. So if I go back to fiscal 2013 operating income in the second half, it was only down about 2% versus the first half. So I'm just trying to reconcile that with your comments that not much has changed versus what you articulated 90 days ago. It sounds like maybe you've stepped up the investment pace because you overachieved on expectations in the first half. So maybe you could clarify that?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: No, the investments haven't changed, Brian. We're still moving at the same pace. Brian?
Beth A. Walters - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Brian, perhaps you could put your line on mute.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. As I was saying, the level of investments have continued at the pace we were expecting, we talked about on our December call. And so nothing's really changed. I think our overall guidance before had reflected operating income levels of about $310 million in the back half of the year; and that's consistent with the guide we're giving now. With reference to the 2013 comparison, I think what we've got going on this fiscal year is a significant investment in expansion in operations in China, in particular in Chengdu, which really positions us strongly as we move into fiscal 2016 in the September, October timeframe. So really the way we look at this is very much consistent with our thinking in December, and spend's really much on track.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And sorry for the background noise. I'll just ask a quick one and then I'll go on mute. With respect to currency and just the strength in the dollar that we've seen, is that having an impact on demand within any of your segments as your customers are perhaps raising prices in local currency to maintain their profitability? Just wondering if currency has affected demand conditions or your outlook in any way? Thanks.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: No, it's not. We're certainly not seeing that. We're seeing stable demand patterns pretty much across all the end markets that we're serving in our customers. And really from our own perspective, we're not seeing currency as a headwind in terms of our performance. A majority of our revenue and cost base is U.S. dollar based. So we're fortunate in that regard. So, overall, I think it's a very much business as usual and some great growth opportunities ahead of us.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company.
Sean K. Hannan - Needham & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question. I have two, if I may. First, if I were to take a look at mobility, some of the business that you do there, and I realize there's a lot related to DMS. At this point last year, you had some early indications into the design cycle for the next round of products and plans at notable customers, and I'm talking about this in a general sense. And it was particularly important at that time because you were working through what was a fairly weak product cycle. Now at this point of the year, can you – at least the calendar year even, can you share some color around what you're starting to look forward to as you look to the summer, your involvement in some of the more notable platforms? And is there a way to give an opinion around whether you're progressing towards share gains, incremental platform adds, any color beyond just being generally positive in the space? Thanks.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Sean. It's Mark. I think our visibility – since you're the one that kind of brought up timeframes from last year, I would answer it and say our visibility with our DMS customers, which is inclusive of the mobility space, are very similar to last year. So said another way, I think we've got very good visibility. Unfortunately, can't talk much about it other than to say we're going and investing again roughly $60 million of what I characterize as OpEx towards the back half of the year. And, again, part of that's bringing on additional square footage, but also a significant portion of that is development activities and preparing different product ramps for 2016. So I think that could give you a little bit of insight as to our visibility of what we're planning for in the out years.
Sean K. Hannan - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. And then to follow on that, and I know there are a number of questions around the CapEx spends and intentions. To see, perhaps, if we could drill down a little bit further, there's a lot of business that's tied in under DMS. Is there at least some indication, rank order, where incremental capital spending would go on a market basis, if that would be incrementally biased toward mobility, healthcare, packaging, any sense that we could get there because it's a pretty large business for you folks?
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a very fair question. How about we do this? How about for now, I think that the Pareto of CapEx that we broke out for you in December is holding true. And I can't give you any more color beyond that at the moment because we haven't made any of the business decisions we need to make. If we had, we'd actually formally take up the CapEx range. I merely wanted to get it on the docket for all of you to know that we're looking at opportunities, and the opportunities are relatively broad-based. So I think if, and it's a big if, if we decide to take up the CapEx range, I think we'll have better visibility on that for our June call, and we can kind of re-Pareto-ize that for you at that time.
Sean K. Hannan - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks very much for taking my questions.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good afternoon and thanks very much for taking the questions. For the first question, I wanted to talk a little bit on the DMS segment and the management team in some of the recent investor conferences has talked about signing up new customers in DMS; and I think some of that was in the mobility business. Can you give us a sense about how you're progressing with that and how material some of those new customer wins are today?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Mark. It's Forbes. Yeah, absolutely, the team is doing a really fine job in taking our expertise and knowledge and applying capabilities that we have in place across a number of customers in the mobility space. So we're very pleased with that. I think we talked about in the first fiscal quarter the addition of one particular customer that had got the volume; and that continues to progress as we move through Q2 here and as we head into fiscal 2016. So I think as we start to get this capacity in place and ensure appropriate engineering teams in place, I think you'll see a handful of customers in that mobility space being serviced as we go into 2016 and 2017. So very pleasing with the level of diversity that we're starting to see.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful, Forbes. And then for a follow-up question, I was hoping to talk on EMS a little bit more. That segment, the revenues there were a little bit better than what I was expecting. I think there was some end market weakness that impacted some storage and enterprise and networking customers, but Jabil's actually able to grow that business year-over-year and had guided for that growth to continue. Can you just talk about what's helping Jabil to do a little bit better than some of the customers? Are you just on newer programs, are you gaining share? And if you can just elaborate a little bit more between what areas specifically within EMS are driving some of the growth?
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark, this is Mark. So as I said in my prepared comments, I really think that a lot of our EMS business for the last four to five years has been a bit stagnant. And in the last 12, 14, 16 months and forward-looking, we're just seeing a lot of what I think are secular changes. And so much of it has to do with everything is changing so darn quickly in regards to everything being connected, everything talking to everything else, cloud, data storage, processing. What we're seeing in the areas of intelligent and predictive analytics is crazy, and we're participating in all of that. The other part is we are really fortunate. Our EMS business is really, really diverse from a customer perspective and a market perspective. And our leadership there has done a really nice job of – I don't know how I'd say it, reinventing how we're approaching the market and the services we're providing. And that's driving market share gain and new opportunities. And we've got a lot of heavy lifting to do in the back half of the year. But if you look first half to second half in EMS alone, I think we're predicting revenues to be up $400 million or $500 million first half to second half, so pretty decent outlook.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, and then just in terms of any commentary you can give directionally. What's stronger between areas like storage and networking? Is there anything you can call out?
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say it's across the board, and I don't want to get too specific because we typically don't. But I would say we've got really nice opportunities across the board.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood, thank you very much.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. Mark, can I just follow up on that last question? I was curious. The strength that you see in EMS and the various sort of markets that you participate in, are you also seeing the benefit of maybe your customer base broadening? The reason I ask is there are some big public cloud companies that are kind of doing their own thing, and I'm just wondering. Are you starting to get an opportunity with a new set of customers and a different set of products? I'm just trying to figure out. Or is it still just your core markets that are just doing better over the next few quarters?
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a good question. It aligns with something else I said in my prepared remarks that I think is very applicable to our EMS sector or segment, which is we're expanding both horizontally and vertically. And what I mean by that is I'm watching our team expand in a vertical sense with a lot of our existing customers, and then they're expanding horizontally bringing on new customers. So I would suggest that the opportunities that we've already booked and the opportunities that we've talked about earlier on the call are a combination of both. And the neat thing is, even with the current brands that we serve, we are really fortunate to have a portfolio of great companies to work with. And a lot of what you might consider legacy brands in that space are not sitting still and doing some really cool stuff, and we're really fortunate to be a part of that.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. And then maybe just as a follow-up, the incremental or I guess the total CapEx that you're spending in fiscal 2015, you said towards the upper end of the $650 million to $750 million. Let's say the number is $750 million. Is there a way that you can help us think about the incremental return on this investment you're making; i.e., should we expect maybe over the next two years that the incremental investment of $750 million could add maybe 20% of incremental EBIT? I'm just trying to get some sense of how we should be thinking about this return on this investment that you're making.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's a very fair question. We don't have the math sitting in front of us. But in rough order – and we can actually provide more color on that. But the way I would think about it is our general pool of overall CapEx; you're going to have a portion of that that's maintenance CapEx. So if we just wanted to use illustratively a $700 million pool and you take out what's maintenance CapEx just to run the business, replace old equipment, et cetera, et cetera, say that's $300 million – $350 million. You end up with a delta of CapEx, which I would characterize either strategic or growth CapEx; and maybe they're one and the same. I would expect at a minimum of 15% to 18% return on that; and that will lay into the business between 2016 and 2017. And I think it's fair to say that the majority of it would lay in 2016 and the balance in 2017. So I think that's a fair way to look at that. And I thought perhaps this is this. Our weighted average cost of capital is 10% – 11% on the business. And at times I made a mistake where I was pushing the team for true ROIC returns, maybe 22%, 24%, or 26%; and we do have businesses that return that. But in some areas where the risk profile, the relationships and/or the opportunities are a little lower, Forbes actually was pressing me, believe it or not, to look at businesses that may have a 16% or 18% ROIC. The nice thing is that's still 600 to 800 basis points above our cost of capital, and it's triggering some growth for us in absolute cash flows, which I think is the right thing to do. So that's how I would think about it at a high level.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: That's helpful. Can I just ask a clarification, Forbes? The $60 million of incremental cost, did you say that is that just a second half 2015 event and should we then be thinking about things normalizing as we enter fiscal 2016?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's correct. Absolutely, and a majority of that cost will be in the fourth fiscal quarter.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's no intent of that investment leaking over into the first half of 2016.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Gausia F. Chowdhury - Longbow Research LLC: Hi, good afternoon. This is Gausia Chowdhury calling on behalf of Shawn. I just wanted to go back to EMS. Previously, you've highlighted the possibility of potentially growing sales about $400 million to $600 million over the first half, and today it looks like it's closer to $400 million to $500 million. I just wanted to see what's the likelihood of maybe reaching the high-end of that previous range of $600 million and how much of the margin improvement is possible if you do reach at the high-end of that range? Will any of the costs from HVS be repeated in the second half of the year?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: So in terms of EMS, yeah, our guide suggest about a $500 million or about 10% incremental growth second half over first half of the year. I think in the December call, we had a range of $400 million to $600 million. So we're still, if you will, right up the middle of the fairway there in terms of our guidance. The margin contribution that that should bring, we should see margins return back into the 2.5% to 3% range in the back half of the year. So some nice leverage as we ramp these programs. In terms of incremental margin beyond our guidance, we'll see how those ramps go. It's pretty significant across the broad base of customers, and broadly based around a number of factories also. So certainly there may be some opportunity, but, say, at this stage, we should solidly see margins in the 2.5% to 3% range in the back half of the year, which essentially would put us at a 2.5%, 2.6% range for the full fiscal year.
Gausia F. Chowdhury - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nikhil Kumar with Stifel.
Nikhil Kumar - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Hi. This is Nik Kumar for Matt Sheerin. Just a quick question on cash flow from operation, I know like for 2015 you're expecting about $1 billion, but can you provide any color on like for FY 2016 how you think cash flow should pan out?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: We certainly expect at least $1 billion of operational cash flow for 2015 well on track there. For 2016, we'll see how that goes. Obviously, we're making significant investments this year. We're being on a solid growth mode in 2016. But I think our working capital efficiency is really, really good. So I would certainly expect operational cash flows to be at least $1 billion next year, if not higher.
Nikhil Kumar - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And finally, if you can talk about your M&A pipeline and where you're focused right now?
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: M&A pipeline, we continually review opportunities. So I don't expect us to be making acquisitions of the size of our last one, being Nypro, which was in excess of $600 million. But, as we said before, certainly opportunities out there for us, more tuck-in in size, maybe $100 million to couple of hundred million dollars type of scale. And those will be focused in areas of capability. We're looking to enhance to serve the markets we're performing well in. And certainly as we move through the balance of the calendar year, we'll see what comes to fruition. But it's certainly part of our growth strategy, and we have liquidity in place to make that happen.
Nikhil Kumar - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask a little bit on the Nypro business. You guys are seeing really good growth there that you talked about, Mark, faster than the market. How much of that additional growth is coming from opportunities that you're seeing being able to use those capabilities with your existing customers; and how much of it is share gains related to just being part of you just being more aggressive?
Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say it's a little bit of both. One of the things that we're seeing within the Nypro business – and again the Nypro business is carved out into two distinct independent businesses. We've got a rigid packaging business in healthcare. In the healthcare market today, kind of along the lines of the theme of change, we're seeing on the OEM or brand side a significant amount of consolidation. So if you just go back and look in the last 24 months of the different brand companies either combining or buying segments of different businesses from each other, or some of them selling off parts of their business to private equity, the deal flow in that area of our space, so the healthcare space, is pretty dramatic. So that's driving opportunity. So some of that's with our current customers and some of that's with new potential customers. I would say that Nypro, as kind of an independent business, really does a nice job with their value proposition. They do work – Courtney Ryan, who heads that up – his team works closely both with our EMS group and our Green Point group as far as sharing capability and potential, what would I call it, I guess capability or engineering technologies to bring different value propositions forward. And we also – the one thing that's worked out very well for us is we've combined all of our healthcare business into Nypro. So the holistic approach that that team is taking has proved to be pretty powerful. So we've got everything from single-use devices, to drug delivery type of efforts going on along with the electronics portion. So, again, looking at the fact that we closed that business right at not quite two years ago, but the performance has been very, very good.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. And then, Forbes, I just had a question in terms of where we are with the restructurings? It looks like based on your guidance we shouldn't have much more restructurings in the third quarter and going forward. And then also, other accounting housekeeping items, the discontinued operations, how much more do we have of that? Thanks.
Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer: So let me deal with the last piece first. Discontinued should be pretty much cleaned up, and you shouldn't see much of that going forward. That was the tail on some of the divestiture of our aftermarket services business closing in phases. So that's pretty much done. In terms of restructuring, we're on track. I'd remind everyone we talked about $188 million of charge over really six quarters to seven quarters. So we're pretty much done there. Maybe a little bit of tail here as we move through the back half of the year. And I'd remind everyone that we're seeing about $65 million of benefit of that this fiscal year; and that should continue into next year. So restructuring, very much on track.
Sherri A. Scribner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth A. Walters - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Great, thank you very much. We appreciate you all dialing in for the call today. As usual, we will be available after hours tonight and the next few days of the week for any follow-on questions that you might have. Thank you again for joining us. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-12-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP, IR & Communications Mark Mondello - CEO Forbes Alexander - CFO
Analysts: Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Brian Alexander - Raymond James Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Steven Fox - Cross Research Jim Suva - Citigroup Matt Sheerin - Stifel Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Jabil's First Quarter Of Fiscal Year 2015 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you so much Susan. Welcome to our first quarter of 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil web site, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our first quarter press release, slides, and corresponding web cast links are also available on our web site. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the web site, beginning with slide 2, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2015 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2014, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's call will begin with opening remarks from Mark on the quarter, the fiscal year, and our business outlook. We will then move on to our first quarter fiscal results and guidance on our second fiscal quarter of 2015 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open up the call to questions from attendees. And I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Beth. Good afternoon everyone. I appreciate you taking time to join our call today. I'd like to begin by thanking all of our people here at Jabil, for their continued loyalty and unwavering commitment. As for Jabil's first quarter, I couldn't be more pleased with our results, it was an exceptional quarter. Forbes will be providing more detail, but here are a few key highlights; our team exceeded expectations, delivering $181 million of core operating income on revenues of $4.55 billion, resulting in core operating margins of 4%. These results reflect strong demand within our DMS segment, as well as solid execution and performance across the entire business. I'd now like to talk about what we see, as we look ahead. Let me start with Nypro; this business serves the healthcare and consumer packaging markets. In serving these markets, a key purpose for our Nypro team is how they change lives. They do so, by making products more affordable, more accessible, and more effective. The team is aggressively driving to expand select capabilities in the back half of this year. Capabilities such as custom automation, complex toolmaking, and product concept generation. Nypro is creating a new competitive class of services. Market share is improving and Nypro's revenue pipeline is robust. The team is focused on key initiatives, directly tied to growing their business over the long term. Current product ramps underway within Nypro serve as a solid foundation for this growth. Let me now move to our Green Point business; this business sits independently, but side by side with Nypro within our DMS segment. Our Green Point team charged into the fiscal year with significant momentum, momentum generated from successful engineering and highly technical program ramps within our mobility space. During the quarter, Green Point's revenue were stronger than expected. This resulted in excellent asset utilization in cost leverage. The team remains excited, as they continue to expand in the areas of tooling, automation, material sciences, and overall industrial design. These areas will be important platforms for growth. Another exciting area which is very strategic for Green Point, is their consumer lifestyles and wearables business. This market is anticipated to grow 30% a year from 2015 to 2020. Our consumer lifestyles team is designing and manufacturing products, ranging from simple fitness bands to ultra complex smart devices. They have done a masterful job of integrating embedded camera solutions, with intricate assembly and specialized automation. Leveraging these differentiating capabilities paves the way for revenue expansion, further solidifying Green Point as a key player in this fast growing market. Our Green Point team has Jabil well positioned for the next two to three years. Let me close this section of my commentary, with a look into our EMS segment. As a reminder, we collated our industrial and energy, high velocity and enterprise and infrastructure divisions, resulting in a well diversified large scale EMS business. Our EMS team continues to take a holistic go-to-market approach, largely centered around core electronics. This provides Jabil with an outstanding value proposition, in serving a broad range of end markets. The team continues to navigate from what was legacy build to print opportunities to build the spec models, driving a higher degree of value add. They believe this transformation will result in new sources of income. Our high velocity business, which is part of our EMS segment, is delivering the expectations, while booking new program wins. A number of these new programs are now ramping, in areas such as digital home and office, automotive, digital entertainment and print. As their customer base expands, the high velocity team extends their reach deeper and deeper into the products they design and manufacture. Our team which leads our industrial business is actively pursuing share wallet expansion, as well as solidifying new customer relationships. They participate in well defined end markets, while serving large diverse global brands. The industrial team architects complete solutions, by weaving together engineering capabilities with our supply chain intelligence. Intelligence that is grounded within our formal control tower analytics. The enterprise and infrastructure business rounds out our EMS segment. This team is excited by new opportunities. Desire for more and more on-demand entertainment, combined with ever growing amplification of social media, drives the needs for enhanced broadband. This in turn, results in higher CapEx for both service providers and corporate enterprises. At the same time, companies want to capitalize on data and the internet of things. This in turn, drives the need for greater IT infrastructure, which is now serviced by traditional IT vendors, combined with hyper scale cloud providers. Our networking business remained stable. Higher levels of growth are expected 12 to 24 months out, when new product refresh cycles take hold. I will close out my prepared remarks, with a few thoughts around the outlook for our business. There is no doubt that fiscal year 2015 is off to a great start, positioning Jabil for what should be a strong year. With that said, we have got plenty of hard work ahead of us. As I step back and look beyond the year, I am highly optimistic about what's ahead. Said another way, growth is top of mine for Jabil management. The aggressive pursuit of new opportunities is truly what energizes our team. Over the past 90 days, Forbes and I met with our business leaders. Based on those conversations, we have decided to expand our capital expenditures for the year. We believe expanding our investment at this point in time will accelerate growth in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. This incremental growth would deliver returns in excess of our current weighted average cost of capital. To that end, our capital investments for fiscal year 2015 will expand to a range of $650 million to $750 million. Let me provide a rough breakdown on how we plan to spend the capital; we will spend $140 million to $260 million on footprint expansion and infrastructure. Our expansion is currently planned for various sites in China, led by Chengdu, along with Malaysia and Indonesia. An additional $45 million to $55 million will be used specifically for our lifestyles and wearables business. $75 million for our Nypro business; a range of $180 million to $200 million for our mobility business, and $80 million to $100 million for our EMS business. In addition, we are also planning to spend $35 million to $55 million in expanding our capabilities. And finally, $40 million to $60 million will be allocated for non-traditional end markets, markets aligned with long term mega trends. Net of these expanded capital investments, I believe we will deliver $200 million to $300 million of free cash flow for this year. This further illustrates the strength of our cash flows from operations. As I think about our business strategically, there may come a time when growth attenuates and good business opportunities disappear. If and when this time comes, we will prioritize free cash flows over investing for the future, but now is simply not that time. Thank you, and I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. I will ask you to refer to slide 3, which you can find on Jabil's web site, as I review the results of our first fiscal quarter of fiscal 2015. Net revenue for the first quarter was $4.55 billion, an increase of 5% on a year-over-year basis. Our GAAP operating income was $145 million during the quarter, while GAAP net income was $72 million. This compares to $118 million of GAAP operating income on revenues of $4.3 billion in the prior period. GAAP net diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $0.37. Our operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring and certain other expenses was $181 million and represents 4% of revenue. This compares to $160 million or 3.7% for the same period in the prior year, and represents a 13% increase on a year-over-year basis. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.55 versus $0.43 the same period in the prior year. Moving to slide 4, and our first quarter segment discussion; in the quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing services segment increased 21% on a year-over-year basis, driven largely by solid performances by our Green Point business. Revenue for the segment was approximately $1.9 billion, representing 42% of total company revenue. Operating income was 6.2% of revenue during the quarter, reflective of the successful launch of multiple programs across a number of customers within Green Point, as well as several other key programs that continue to perform well. The Electronic Manufacturing services segment performed to our previous expectations, decreasing 5% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $2.6 billion, representing 58% of total company revenue. Core operating income for the segment was 2.4% of revenue. Reviewing our cash and some key metrics on slide 5, we ended the quarter with cash balances of $922 million, while debt levels were consistent with the previous quarter at approximately $2 billion. Cash flow from operations was $189 million in the quarter. Core EBITDA was approximately $297 million, representing 6.5% of revenue, while core returns on invested capital was 19%. During the fist fiscal quarter, we also repurchased approximately 2 million shares at a total cost of $40 million. These purchases conclude the previously authorized programs in place. Net capital expenditures during the first quarter were $194 million. As Mark discussed, for the year, we are increasing our capital expenditure forecast by $300 million to support the addition of some 1.5 million to 2 million square feet of manufacturing footprint and infrastructure. This shall support continued revenue growth and program ramps in fiscal 2016 and beyond. Capital expenditures for the fiscal year are now estimated to be in the range of $650 million to $750 million. If you now turn to slide 7, I'd like to discuss our business outlook for the second quarter. We expect revenues in the second quarter to be in the range of $4.15 billion to $4.35 billion. While at its midpoint, a decrease of 6% sequentially, reflecting seasonality in mobility and consumer based products. On a year-over-year basis, guidance reflects a 19% increase, this increase being reflective of numerous program wins within our automotive, lifestyles and wearables, mobility, healthcare, industrial and enterprise and infrastructure customer relationships. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $135 million to $165 million, and the core operating margin in the range of 3.3% to 3.9%. Core earnings per share were estimated to be in the range of $0.39 to $0.50 per diluted share, and GAAP earnings per share expected to be in the range of $0.25 to $0.38 per diluted share. These figures are based upon a diluted share count of 196 million shares. Based upon current estimates of production, the tax rate from core operating income in the second quarter is expected to be 26%, while the tax rate for the full year, as a result of the mix of earnings being forecast, now expected to be 24%. Turning to our segment guidance and revised full year outlook on slide 8, the diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to increase approximately 53% on a year-over-year basis or a sequential decline of 11%, representing typical seasonality. Revenue is estimated to be approximately $1.7 billion. The Electronic Manufacturing services segment is expected to increase approximately 3% on a year-over-year basis, or a seasonal decline of 3% on a sequential basis. Revenues are estimated to be approximately $2.55 billion. Fiscal 2015 has started on a very sound footing; given our line of sight around new business wins across a number of end markets, we are now in a position to increase our revenue and EPS guidance for the full fiscal year. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $17.5 billion to $18.5 billion, and at its midpoint, a 14% increase year-over-year. While core earnings per diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $1.85 to $2.15. At the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we currently estimate that the DMS segment will grow approximately 35% on a year-over-year basis, while our EMS segment is expected to grow 4%. Cash flows from operation in the full fiscal year are now estimated to be in the range of $900 million to $1 billion, with free cash flows after capital expenditures estimated to be in the range of $200 million to $300 million. I'd now like to hand the call back over to Beth.
Beth Walters: Great. Thanks Forbes. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to remind our call participants that while we want to take questions on our business in customary fashion, we will not address any customer or product specific questions. Thank you for your cooperation on this. Operator, we'd like to begin the question-and-answer session now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Good evening and congrats on the results. Two questions, just first off on the EMS business, if I look at the midpoint of the guidance for the year, looks a little bit more, I guess, back half weighted than we have seen in prior years, so if you could just -- is that solely product ramps that drives the EMS business in the back half, or you feel a little bit better about the end markets? And then the second question is just to the timing of the CapEx increase right now, knowing that you expect to see some benefit in 2016 and 2017, is there a way you could articulate whether that rolls in immediately into 2016 and you start to see the revenue benefit, or how does the CapEx spending right now benefit your 2016 revenues and play out?
Forbes Alexander: Hey Shawn, thanks. This is Forbes, let me take the first part of the question, and that was the EMS segment being back half. You're correct in your thought process there; it’s a little bit of both of what you articulated. We are seeing some recovery in the industrial and energy marketplace in the back half of the year, versus our first half of this year; and also, we are seeing nice new wins, new product ramps across our enterprise and infrastructure sector. I think Mark also mentioned in his prepared remarks, some growth in automotive and digital home entertainment, these are new programs that are coming into the company, and we will start to ramp as we move into our fiscal third quarter, and start to hit volume in the fourth quarter and then into 2016. So a little bit of better visibility around industrial energy marketplaces and some real nice solid wins coming into the company.
Mark Mondello: Shawn, to [indiscernible] what Forbes said there, you could think about it, maybe as 60% of the growth coming in our high velocity area and 40% of the growth coming in between enterprise infrastructure and industrial. The enterprise infrastructure market is still tough, but our team is doing a great job, and as I said in our prepared comments, we have been working really hard the last 12 to 18 months to change our value proposition there, and then we are also doing a decent job, well the team is doing a decent job with picking up market share. In regard to the CapEx, I think that we originally had a CapEx range of $350 million to $450 million; a decent amount of that will have an impact in the back half of this year. Most of the incremental CapEx we talked about on today's call, will position the company well for 2016 and 2017.
Shawn Harrison: I guess, to just clarify positioning, does that mean that you're going to see immediate revenue benefit in 2016, or is this something that -- the benefit ramps throughout the year, I just don't want to get -- I guess get ahead of myself in terms of modeling?
Mark Mondello: Well right now, I would think that 2016 -- the shape of 2016 would look somewhat similar to the shape this year. So I think this year, we are looking at Q1 as probably our most robust quarter, and I would think 2016, the same at [indiscernible] Shawn.
Shawn Harrison: Very helpful Mark, and once again, congrats.
Mark Mondello: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander: All right. Thanks, good evening guys. Just I guess on the CapEx question; so I understand and appreciate now is not the time to stand still, but what has changed in the last 90 days to lead to such a massive increase in CapEx? I think you're almost doubling from what you thought going into this fiscal year. What do you see now that you didn't see then, and related to that, how much visibility do you have into the ramps that are supporting these investments, and how should investors think about the return on these investments over the next couple of years?
Mark Mondello: Yeah Brian I cannot -- if I am sitting where you're sitting, I am asking the same question. The $350 million to $450 million we felt aligned well with the midpoint and guidance we gave in September of $1.80, and we felt like there could be upside to that, but at the time we are like, you know what, let's align CapEx and our CapEx guidance to the financial guidance we are giving. As we sit today, we have taken guidance up for the year. We delivered an extra $30 million of income in Q1. We are guiding Q2 up relative to consensus, and one of the things that Forbes and I did, as I said in my prepared comments, that we spent an extensive amount of time, along with Bill Muir, our COO and some other executive management, with our business leaders, and we just got a decent amount of opportunities. And the question becomes, do we put our foot on the brake and turn away some of those opportunities or not. I think the one thing to think about is, is in my prepared remarks, I talked about the fact that the majority of the delta is around footprint and infrastructure. And really, we are thinking about accelerating what we thought would be early FY 2016 CapEx and pulling it into 2015, and that's to get an additional, I don't know 1 million, 1.5 million square feet of infrastructure in place for business that we think looks very good for us. I just don't -- we have been working tirelessly for the last two years on growth opportunities, and we have got a lot of opportunities, and I don't want to turn those away, and the other thing I talked about in my prepared comments was -- we are not going to get all of these correct, but we have got some very disciplined hurdle rates around our weighted average cost of capital, and every one of the opportunities we have approved has anywhere from a six to 15 point spread, 16 point spread over our 10 to 12 points of capital expenditure or expense. So we feel pretty good about it Brain.
Brian Alexander: So Mark, I think last quarter you talked about ultimately getting to $20 billion and a 4% operating margin; do these accelerate that, is that something that you think is achievable next year, and then I just have one follow-up?
Mark Mondello: I guess I'd hit it this way, I wouldn't be doing it if I didn't think it would accelerate it Brian, so that's our objective. We put up four points in the first quarter. We won't do four points for the corporation, for the [indiscernible] most likely, but we are aiming at four points for FY 2016, that's correct.
Brian Alexander: And just a last quick one, so the growth that you are seeing in DMS is obviously very strong, and I imagine, most of that, not all of it -- but most of it is being driven by your largest customers. So remind us what's the upper limit of your comfort level in terms of revenue and profit exposure to any one customer?
Mark Mondello: Well that's an interesting question, let me make one statement. Obviously, we have got a great relationship with our largest customer. And our -- being that our relationship is quite strong, that certainly had some level of impact on our first quarter. The nice thing is, is that we also saw some fairly substantial income from other customers in that space, and again, we have been working very hard on diversification as well. So that was a very good positive for management in Q1. As far as my level of comfort with a single customer, its dependent on who a customer is and how diversified we are within that customer. Last year, we had a tough year, and I don't know that I could say that it will never happen again, because the mobility business is pretty volatile, but that was an unusual situation, and as I have said before, we are working hard to diversify within our current customer relationship, as well as diversifying the Green Point business overall.
Brian Alexander: All right. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Good afternoon guys. Two questions, maybe sticking to the CapEx side, just talking about, sort of 90 days ago, which are the one or two buckets that you have actually upped the CapEx aggressively, and it seems like its mobility and footprint to me, talk about what sort of the six buckets you outlined, how are you seeing the ramp up in CapEx? And then historically, you have actually had some cool investments with some of your customers who have pout in some CapEx dollars of their own, do you expect that to happen this year as well?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah Amit; so the increase of essentially $300 million, represents footprint and infrastructure. As Mark said, we will be adding square footage, 1.5 million to 2 million square feet in China, in Malaysia and in Indonesia. So that footprint is to support a wide array of business opportunity. For example, a great opportunity in our aerospace and defense business, but we supported those investments, extensive lifestyle and wearables business across an expanding customer base, that we are seeing coming to the company, and that's really a Chinese play also, and some expansion in Malaysia for some wins in our enterprise business. And then, the expansion in Chengdu will support a number of customers there, both in areas such as mobility, lifestyles and wearables. So really quite a broad base of opportunity, that as Mark said, we have been working on now, for 18 months to two years. So very well positioned as we move into 2016; and as I say -- when you put up that amount of square footage, there is a significant leadtime with the scale of these operations that we are putting in place.
Amit Daryanani: I guess Forbes, when you talk about the infrastructure investments, is that more on CNC machines that you got to deploy for the specialty mobility side, is that where the infrastructure dollars are going into?
Forbes Alexander: No, I am talking about IT infrastructure, leasehold improvements, there is some level of equipment in there, but the lion's share is in the fabric of the building, the infrastructure, water purification plants, etcetera, etcetera.
Amit Daryanani: And I guess, if I just follow-up on the EMS side of the business now, you're running at a 2.5% margin, you have a pretty good ramp in the back half, based on the $11 billion run rate you expect for the full year, do you think you need that kind of $11 billion run rate to achieve 3% op margin, which is sort of the midpoint of your target I think, if not, what do you guys need to get that business to be at the midpoint of the long term target from a margin basis?
Forbes Alexander: Great question. I think as we have indicated, the back half of the year, we are expecting somewhere $400 million to $600 million of revenue growth over the first half of the year. [Indiscernible] to your point, that will bring, we believe margin expansion of about 20 to 30 basis points on the first half of the year. Now what that will do for enterprise and infrastructure -- excuse me our EMS segment, it will still mean that the overall year margins are probably up 2.5 points, 2.4%, 2.5%. So you know, as we move into 2016, as we exit the year or produce maybe $3 billion, we are running about that $12 billion pace and we should certainly then start to see targets around about 3%.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thanks a lot and congrats on the quarter guys.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. I guess Mark I was wondering if we could just, you've provided a lot of details, I am just looking at the press release where you just talked about positioning the company to capture transformative technologies. And so I am wondering, how much of what you are announcing in terms of CapEx is transformative in terms of capabilities as opposed to end markets and if you could just be specific in terms of what you meant in the press release by that one line, that would be helpful, and then I had a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Sure. Its broad, and if I think about the bucket to CapEx, and I think about transformative technologies relative to kind of legacy EMS, I would suggest that -- take the footprint expansion and infrastructure out of the equation altogether. If I go down the list, lifestyles, wearables, absolutely transformative technologies. Polymers, materials, material sciences, embedded optics, embedded cameras, things like that. When I think about the Nypro business, absolutely transformative technologies. Drug delivery systems, pharmaceuticals, things that are completely different than legacy circuitboard manufacturing. When I think about our mobility business, that business is massively engineering intensive, and it has no electronics or essentially no electronics in it at all, so that's composites, materials, machining, etcetera. When I think even about our EMS business today, I think about areas like advanced wireless sensors, photonics, things like that and then when I think about moving into different areas altogether, in my prepared comments I talked about some allocation of funds. I think the $40 million to $60 million for non-traditional end markets, and I would throw that in that category as well.
Steven Fox: Great, that's helpful. And then just one other question in terms of capital spending; so I understand the reason to update in terms of the growth opportunities, but if we were going to take, like say a two to three year view on how to think about capital spending now in a growth environment, is this sort of the range relative to sales we should think about, or how would you sort of talk about your regular investments, if we are in a sustainable growth period?
Mark Mondello: Yeah, my guess would be this, my wish is sales are increasing, and we have decided to make a fairly substantial investment in infrastructure and footprint. So we won't have to do that every year. When it comes to investments in different businesses, I think if you kind of [indiscernible] that, that would be kind of a normalized CapEx, and my hope is, is that you see that from the next two-three years; and as I said in my prepared comments, if we get to a point where, I don't -- I have no interest in top line growth, none. We are trying to be very respectful and disciplined around our growth, all about income, and higher and higher quality of income. And we talk non-stop internally about ROIC and cash flows. If we get to a point where -- I don't want to put so much pressure on the organization that it feels forced. If we continue to see the opportunities we see, we are going to continue to make the investments, because at some point in time, as I said, whether the company is $15 billion, $20 billion, $25 billion or whatever the number might be, there will come a point in time where, maybe with our service offerings and our value proposition, the growth isn't there. And the nice thing about our business is, is there will be an extensive period of time, that we can pull back CapEx substantially, and return a bunch of capital to shareholders. Its just -- as we sit today, I don't think it’s a smart idea to adapt that model right now.
Steven Fox: Great. That's very helpful and good luck going forward.
Mark Mondello: Thanks so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Good afternoon and happy holidays; and wow, congratulations, great results and great outlook. When we look at kind of within the main driver of it, it appears Taiwan Green Point did fantastic. Can you help us understand a little bit of two of the factors within that, and that being the utilization rates and then kind of the yield rates, are we kind of running basically 24 hours a day, seven days a week and optimize just the CapEx? Or are you still ramping and having yields that really need to come up, so you can actually pump up a lot more revenues with our more CapEx, how should we think about that? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thanks Jim. Let me start with -- we made a decision last year when we had the issue that we had, and we made a decision to keep providing capital in place and a lot of infrastructure in place; and we did that, based on the relationship we have with our largest mobility customer, and that has proven to be a pretty good decision. We reloaded those assets in relatively short order, in combination, and this is a little bit of a digression; but we also disengaged with our second largest customer last year to protect shareholders, and we have been really successful in redeploying the vast majority of those assets in very short order. So as we sit today, I would characterize the quarter as, assets were very well utilized, and demand was much stronger than we expected, and I think demand was stronger than expected because we were fortunate enough to have a team in Green Point, from an engineering perspective and a technology perspective that delivered a great solution to our customers. And as I said earlier, the quarter was driven not only by our largest customer, but a number of other customers as well.
Jim Suva: And then my follow-up is on the yields, because the CapEx I think is very well justified, given your revenue outlook. The question is, can you keep revenue growing due to increasing yields or are kind of yields at Green Point pretty much optimized to the point of hey, this is now causing you to put forth more CapEx?
Mark Mondello: I think yields run in cycles based on product cycles Jim. You have to have the appropriate foundation of assets in place, to play in a diverse way across the entire mobility sector. I'd also remind you that, Green Point also has our lifestyles and wearables business, and we are excited about that. So we are making the investments, and its not so much about yield, its about the fact that we want to be sure we have enough infrastructure in place to capture the revenue streams that we think we can capture.
Jim Suva: Great. Congratulations to you and your team there.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin: Yes, thanks, good afternoon everyone. Just another question regarding your operating margins in the EMS business. You talked, Mark, about growth prospects for next year, and I think 60% of that growth is coming from high velocity. Whilst traditionally, it was lower margin than the enterprise infrastructure business, but I know the high velocity business is changing for you, the nature of that business. So what should we think about mix and its impact on margins in EMS? And also, I know you're making investments in that business and is that also why margins will be below 3% and perhaps we should see that increase into fiscal 2016, as those businesses become more mature?
Mark Mondello: Good question. So let me break that up a little bit. I think that, as we look at our EMS business first half to second half, I think that we -- the first half, margins will be in the 2.3% range is what I would guess. And as I think about -- frame out the second half for you, I think we probably pick up 20 to 30 basis points of margin, would be my guess. And the obvious question is Mark, why wouldn't you get better leverage and why wouldn't we see margins start bumping up against three points. I think the biggest reason is, is, we are being very disciplined around ROIC, not to suggest we are not paying attention to margins, but I really want to grow cash flow dollars over the next two, three years, as long as we have real ROIC returns with an appropriate gap between the real returns and our cost of capital. The organic business growth is the best growth we can have in the business, because it’s the least expensive. It doesn't come with a lot of complications that acquisitions do, and not to say we won't do acquisitions, because I think we will, but you're kind of on point with most of the growth for the back half of the year will be in high velocity, and again I think Forbes talked about it and I talked about it in my prepared statement, it will be around automotive, digital home, digital entertainment, and our high velocity margins historically have been in the 2% to 3% range, but because of the way we run that business and we manage working capital and asset utilization, that business ends up with real ROIC, north of 20%, and we also end up in that business, with terms and conditions that end up being very favorable to us. So I think again, as I think about this year, I'd manage the back half of the EMS business maybe 20 basis points higher than the first half, and then as we move to fiscal 2016, one of the things I talked about in September was, we came off a tough year last year. We talked about this year being a year where we optimized the business. My gut feel is, is that we have the business, I don't know, 70% or 80% optimized this year, and we will complete the optimization, not to say we ever get fully optimized, but as far as costs and overhead absorption, I think we will see the full benefit of that in 2016.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. That was quite helpful Mark. And then just as a follow-up, regarding the revenue trends within EMS and the core business, enterprise and infrastructure, could you give us a little color on what you're seeing in the three main areas, telecom and networking and storage?
Mark Mondello: Yeah, we are seeing all that business kind of being GDP-like, but as we have talked about before, there is a lot of technology shifts there, and certainly around cloud computing -- and one of the things that's really interesting to us, is as social media continues to increase, as digital entertainment on-demand increases, there is a definite need and more and more of a want around additional global bandwidth, and that's an area that we are pretty excited about, and we think we will benefit from.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Thanks very much and happy holidays.
Mark Mondello: You as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney: Good afternoon and thanks very much for taking the questions. I guess -- just wanted to follow-up on customer concentration; if you guys can just talk about how much exposure you have coming from your largest customer now, and then with the new programs that you're expecting to ramp later in 2015 and into 2016, do you expect your customer concentration to increase or decrease?
Forbes Alexander: So Mark, not talking specific n umbers around specific customers, we have sort of about one 10% customer in the quarter, and that's the way we view things as we look through the fiscal year. But we are very pleased with a number of new customers joining the capability sets within Green Point and lifestyles and wearables, that business. So we are comfortable, as Mark had said earlier in answering the question, the relationship we have across the broad range of our customers and the concentrations we have. And any customer that starts coming up towards a 10% or above, our rule is really to mitigate risk, and we do that a number of ways by continuing to diversify across the various product sectors and end markets that they serve. So that's our main focus, and we are very comfortable with the exposures we have across the customer set.
Mark Delaney: Okay. And for the follow-up, you guys have talked about wearables a few times on the call, how much does wearables represent as a percentage of the company sales, and where do you guys [indiscernible] over the course of fiscal 2015 and 2016?
Mark Mondello: Yeah Mark, we unfortunately just don't break that out, that's embedded in our Green Point business.
Mark Delaney: Okay. Probably just one more, I know OpEx caught up in something that had been planned, I think in a couple of facilities in Europe, and I think it was actually supposed to flow in later in fiscal 2015. Do you have any upside in sales, and that's something that's still on the table that we shared [indiscernible].
Forbes Alexander: Yeah absolutely, those plans are going according to schedule if you will, and it will be Western Europe activity underway, so we should start to see that coming in Q3 and Q4.
Mark Delaney: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi thanks. Forbes, I just wanted to dig a little bit into the operating expense line that was up a lot this quarter, hoping you could give a little detail on that, and also help us understand how you expect OpEx to flow through the rest of fiscal 2015. Do you expect some additional cost savings, would OpEx come down, what are you thinking about?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah Sherri, in terms of -- you're looking at our GAAP OpEx?
Sherri Scribner: Yes.
Forbes Alexander: Okay. So for the GAAP OpEx, let me explain that. If you look in our financial statements, you will see an increase there by $70 million on a year-over-year basis. $40 million to $50 million of that is a result of stock-based compensation. Let me explain that; this quarter last year, we reversed out some $20 million plus of stock based compensation, but this year we recognized I think $60 million. So you got a significant swing there. The balance of the OpEx increase on a year-over-year basis has been as we have expanded our footprint, both in Wushu [ph] Chengdu, and obviously SG&A to support those activities. Also if you recall I think on our last call, we talked about some additional investments there, in terms of capabilities to support future growth. And clearly, we are starting to see that growth come through. So as we move through the balance of the fiscal year, certainly this Q1, we just thought it would be the high point. So we would expect that to come down some $6 million to $8 million in Q2, and then we will start to see the benefits of some of the restructuring activity in the back half of the year, and that should certainly level off there, as we move through the balance of the year.
Sherri Scribner: Okay, that's helpful. And then just wanted to dig a little bit into the commentary about transformative businesses? I am trying to understand, you guys think that you have the capabilities at this point that you need for those transformative businesses, or are there areas that probably need to add and sort of thinking about what areas do you need to possibly do M&A? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Hey Sherri; yeah I think we have a lot of capabilities, and we are seeing some good program wins around those capabilities. We have also kind of at a strategic level across all of our DMS and EMS kind of collated, what we believe are areas that we need to continue to refine and advance, and then Bill Muir, is kind of our air traffic control on that, working with our business leads, and we will continue to grow some of that organically, and if we don't believe, we can grow some of those capabilities organically, we will do some fairly modest M&A deals to acquire the capability we need to acquire.
Sherri Scribner: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You're welcome.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Beth Walters, for any closing remarks. End of Q&A
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you very much everyone for joining us on the call today for our fiscal first quarter results. We look forward to following up with you on the quarter, and as the quarter progresses. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-09-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - SVP, Investor Relations & Communications Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Brian Alexander - Raymond James Amitabh Passi - UBS Steven Fox - Cross Research Jim Suva - Citigroup Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Nikhil Kumar - Stifel Nicolaus Sean Hannan - Needham & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Jabil’s fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2014 conference call. [Operator instructions] I would now like to turn today’s conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter of 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO Mark Mondello and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section.  Our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 press release, slides, and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2015 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company.  These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.\ Today’s call will begin with opening remarks from Mark. We will then move on to fourth quarter and fiscal year results as well as guidance on our fourth fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. But for now, I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon everyone. I appreciate you taking time to join our call today. I’d like to start by thanking all of our people here at Jabil.  You know, a team’s commitment and fortitude are tested when times are challenging and situational business conditions drive change. This illustrates directionally the environment we’ve experienced the past 12 months. Through all of this, our team has done an amazing job. Again, thank you. Let’s reflect a bit on a few of their accomplishments. We expanded our broad range of capabilities, a key catalyst for growth. Our net promoter scores are at an all-time high. This is so vital, as we pride ourselves on exceptional customer care. We also believe there’s a direct correlation between positive scores and our ability to gain market share.  We began ramping our campus in Chengdu, China, in anticipation of future growth. The team successfully launched a variety of development programs, some of which exhibited substantial complexity, scope, and scale. Fixed assets have been successfully redeployed in relatively short order, resulting in new revenue streams for fiscal year 2015. We captured tremendous value with the sale of our aftermarket services business. The company returned approximately $330 million of capital to shareholders via share buyback and dividends, and we realized an exceptional outcome in managing our net working capital efficiency throughout the fiscal year. I maintain a high degree of confidence in our path forward. Our team continues to construct a solid foundation for which to build upon. To call our current business environment dynamic is an understatement. We’re seeing an infinite number of applied technologies, an exponential rate of change, and highly disruptive product innovation. This sums to an unprecedented landscape across the various markets we serve and results in many common mandates for our customers, mandates such as the need for greater global reach, acceleration of time to market, resilience to supply chain disruptions, differentiated product innovation, and the ability to change course seamlessly, and with terrific speed. These mandates bode well for Jabil. As such, we’ll drive further expansion of our technical capabilities, continue advancement of our service offerings, and remain quite thoughtful in our go-to-market approach. Based on these attributes and common characteristics, going forward, we are going to report our business in two segments. The first segment is Jabil’s electronic manufacturing services, or EMS, segment. Our EMS segment will include our enterprise and infrastructure, high velocity, and industrial energy businesses. The key characteristics of this segment are a common, holistic go-to-market approach; a value proposition based around leveraging IT, supply chain design, and engineering; technologies largely centered around core electronics, sharing of our large-scale manufacturing infrastructure, and the ability to serve a broad range of end markets. Anticipated revenue for our EMS segment is roughly $10.5 billion to $11 billion for fiscal year 2015. We anticipate annual growth rates in the range of zero to 5%, with normalized core operating margins of 2% to 4%. The second segment is Jabil’s diversified manufacturing services, or DMS segment. Our DMS segment includes our Nypro and Green Point brands. The key characteristics of our DMS segment are a diverse approach to engineering intensive solutions, steady participation in build to consumer markets, build to function versus build to print, access to higher growth markets, and an intense focus on material sciences and technologies. Anticipated revenue for our DMS segment is roughly $6 billion to $7 billion for fiscal year 2015. We anticipate annual growth rates in the range of 8% to 12%, with normalized core operating margins of 5% to 7%. This would result in our DMS segment contributing roughly 40% of our revenue for the first fiscal quarter of this year.  I’ll now spend a few minutes providing additional detail, starting with our unique Green Point brand. Throughout the years, our Green Point team has successfully delivered world class development, development of several large scale product ramps. Green Point’s success is further supported by an organization that has earned customer trust by assuring world class security, all while maintaining a firm commitment to product quality. This further solidifies Green Point as a major player across the mobility, wearables, and consumer lifestyle markets. Our Green Point team is expanding their strategic footprint and their best-in-class development teams in anticipation of future business awards. Our campus in Chengdu will offer the incredible combination of massive scale, broad-based service offerings, and high volume production, production that will incorporate advanced material sciences, complex automation, precision fabrication, and final assembly and test. Continued organizational and people development will also be a theme within Green Point. This will enable their goal of greater scale, both at a site and global level. I’m truly excited, as Green Point continues to bring amazing new solutions to the marketplace.  Let me now take a few minutes and talk about our wonderful Nypro brand. I remind you that we closed our acquisition of Nypro just prior to the start of fiscal year 2014. A top priority for our Nypro leadership team was preserving perfect business continuity and product quality by carefully maneuvering a complex wave of integration activity. The team has built upon the strong cultures of both Jabil and Nypro to create a formidable healthcare and packaging franchise, a franchise supported by an array of powerful capabilities, capabilities in the areas of automation, technology innovation, tooling, product imagination, and final assembly and distribution. Simply put, with Nypro and Jabil, we’re realizing that one plus one equals something much greater than two, especially over the long term.  While navigating and managing so many activities, the Nypro leadership team has prioritized and emphasized the need to maintain a strong focus on employee safety. They’ve done exactly that, resulting in education and recognition for the balance of Jabil’s global organization. Fiscal year 2015 brings a number of exciting new product ramps within Nypro, in the areas of medical hardware, pharmaceutical devices, and food, beverage, and consumer product packaging.  Our Nypro team is laser focused on the tasks ahead as they continue to improve the lives of others while offering a safe pair of hands to our customers. They continue to expand their business portfolio with capability rich, long life cycle commercial opportunities. Finally, I’d like to provide a little color specific to our EMS segment. This team added 30 new customer relationships throughout the year, while receiving a multitude of supplier of the year awards. Through entrepreneurship and tireless work ethic, our EMS team embraced complex challenges and delivered winning results. They also demonstrated a unique capability of applying ingenuity and technology, which they developed and learned from one industry and creatively applied it to another. As the rate of complexity increases, Jabil’s EMS team is well-positioned with huge scale and time-tested solutions, cutting across a broad footprint, a footprint that includes China, Vietnam, India, Malaysia, Eastern Europe, Mexico, Brazil, and the United States. Our EMS team is rapidly expanding from a pure build to print model to now include a build to spec model. Various industries are struggling to exploit the rapid convergence of wireless connectivity, robotics, sensors, computing, and cloud-based forces. This presents an opportunity, as our trusted EMS team sits at the epicenter of these converging worlds. I’d like to close out my prepared comments by sharing a few final thoughts. Fiscal year 2015 will see us make substantial investments. As stated, we’re expanding our China footprint. We continue to drive expansion of our capabilities. We are actively exploring new, non-traditional markets and we are taking additional development projects in anticipation of new revenue streams in future years.  These are the correct decisions for our business, and I believe the correct decision for shareholders. In combination, we will fine tune the engine this year and optimize our performance. I’m confident that our team will deliver core earnings per share in the range of $1.65 to $1.95 for fiscal year 2015, as communicated during our past two earnings calls. Our portfolio strategy provides such a solid foundation as we move forward. We’re most fortunate to have a unique combination of scale, innovative solutions, rich capabilities, and a tremendous leadership team, a leadership team that is experienced in what we do, time tested, and proven. As I look beyond this fiscal year, my belief is our overhead costs will fully normalize, we will see accretive returns on the investments we put in play, our interest expense will be reduced, and our revenue will approach a run rate of $5 billion a quarter. I believe the outcome will be core operating margins of 4%, ROIC well in excess of our weighted average cost of capital, and strong operational cash flows. Thank you. Let me now turn the call over to Forbes, where he will take you through our detailed financial results, as well as our guidance for the first fiscal quarter.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon everyone. I’d like to ask you to turn to slide three, where I will review our fourth fiscal quarter results. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $4.1 billion, a decline of 10% on a year over year basis. GAAP operating income was $46.6 million, and on a net GAAP basis, there was a loss of $26.2 million. GAAP net diluted loss per share was $0.13 for the quarter. GAAP net earnings in the quarter included $20 million of restructuring and associated charges, $6 million associated with the amortization of intangibles, $2 million of stock based compensation, and adjustments associated with the sale of our aftermarket services business and the sale of a Nypro joint venture of some $12 million. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation, restructuring, and certain other expenses was $79.5 million and represented 2% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.05. Turning to the full year, on slide four, net revenues for the full year were $15.8 billion, a decline of 9% year over year. GAAP operating income was $204 million, representing 1.3% of revenue. This compares to $452 million of income on revenues of $17.2 billion or 2.6% of revenue in fiscal 2013.  Diluted net earnings per share were $1.19. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation, restructuring, impairment charges, and certain other expenses, was $345 million and represents 2.2% of revenue. This compares to $642 million or 3.7% for the same period in the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.53.  Turning to slide five and our fourth quarter segment discussion, in the fourth quarter, our diversified manufacturing services segment declined 3% on a year over year basis, while it grew 11% sequentially. Revenue for the segment was approximately $1.8 billion, representing 44% of total company revenue. Operating income was 1.7% of revenue during the quarter, reflective of the cost infrastructure in place within Green Point. As you will recall, we chose throughout 2014 to maintain levels of cost infrastructure within these operations as we have been preparing for a return to more historical levels of production in fiscal 2015 and beyond. The enterprise and infrastructure segment increased 1% on a year over year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.4 billion and represented 34% of total company revenue. Core operating income for the segment was 2.4%. Finally, the high velocity segment decreased 32% on a year over year basis, primarily as a result of our Blackberry disengagement. Revenue was approximately $880 million and represented 22% of total company revenue. Core operating income was 1.8% of revenue in the quarter. Total company revenue on a sequential basis increased 7%, with all three segments showing growth.  Turning to slide six, and discussion around our yearly segment performance, our diversified manufacturing services segment declined 2% on a year over year basis. Revenue was approximately $6.9 billion, representing 44% of total company revenue while core operating income was 2.5% for the full year. The enterprise and infrastructure segment declined 4%, while revenue was approximately $5.3 billion, representing 34% of revenue, and core operating income was 2.4% for the full year.  Our high velocity segment declined 24% as compared to fiscal 2013 as a result of our Blackberry disengagement. Revenue was approximately $3.5 billion and represented 22% of total company revenue, while core operating income was 1.2%. For the fiscal year, we had one customer with revenues over 10%. That was Apple, at 18%. I’d now like to review some of our balance sheet metrics, and ask you to turn to slide seven. We ended the fiscal year with cash balances of approximately $1 billion. Debt levels declined by some $200 million in the fourth quarter to $1.9 billion. Cash flow from operations for the quarter were $89 million, and for the full fiscal year, approximately $500 million. Core EBITDA for the quarter was approximately $194 million, representing 4.8% of revenue, while the full year’s EBITDA was $802 million, or 5.1%. During the fourth fiscal quarter, we repurchased approximately 6.4 million shares at a total cost of $130 million. Repurchases for the full fiscal year totaled 13.7 million shares at a total cost of $260 million or at an average price of $19.01. Approximately $40 million remains outstanding under our current repurchase authorization.  Net capital expenditures for the fiscal year totaled $460 million. Such expenditures are higher than previously forecast as a result of the timing of building infrastructure acceptance ahead of our previous forecast, this to support future growth opportunities in our Chengdu, China site, wins in the United States and Europe within our Nypro healthcare business, which will ramp through fiscal 2015, with ramp to scale in 2016, and also engineering capability investments in Taichung, Taiwan.  I’d now like to turn to our restructuring, and ask you to move to slide eight. Our broad capacity alignment plan, announced in the third quarter of 2013, remains on track to deliver $65 million of benefit in 2015. As a reminder, our plan outlined $188 million of cost to be recognized over a seven-quarter period. Since its inception, we’ve recognized $124 million of these costs, with cash outlays to date of $81 million. The balance of $64 million of charges and $70 million of cash is anticipated to occur over the next few quarters, as we commence downsizing of our underutilized high-cost footprint. The restructuring activity associated with our Blackberry disengagement has been concluded, with total charges of $50 million being recorded in the fiscal year 2014.  I’d now like to discuss our business outlook for fiscal 2015, specifically the first quarter and our segment reporting. You can find information on slide nine through 12. Firstly, our first quarter guidance. We expect revenue in the first quarter of 2015 on a year over year basis to be consistent and to be in the range of $4.2 billion to $4.4 billion, or at its midpoint, an increase of 6% sequentially. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $135 million to $165 million and core operating margin in the range of 3.2% to 3.8%. Core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.41 to $0.53 per diluted share and GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.24 to $0.40 per diluted share, this based upon a diluted share count of 196 million shares. Based upon current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to return to historical levels, at 22% for the quarter and the full year.  As Mark noted in his prepared remarks, we shall be reporting two segments in fiscal 2015: the electronic manufacturing services segment and the diversified manufacturing services segment. Please note that on slide 16 in the slideshow posted to our website, we have provided recast electronic manufacturing services and diversified manufacturing services segment revenues and net core operating income percentages for the fiscal years 2013, 2014, and each of the quarters in those fiscal years. Turning now to those segments and year on year performance, the electronic manufacturing services segment is expected to decrease approximately 5% or estimated revenues of $2.6 billion. The diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to increase approximately 6% on a year over year basis, with revenues estimated to be approximately $1.7 billion. This represents a sequential increase of 30% in the first fiscal quarter.  With the investments in infrastructure and capabilities we have made in fiscal 2014, we are very well-positioned as we move into fiscal 2015 and beyond. Based on current estimates, revenues are expected to be in the range of $16.5 billion to $18 billion, and earnings per diluted share in the range of $1.65 to $1.95. During fiscal 2015, cash flow from operations are estimated to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million, while capital expenditures in the fiscal year are expected to be in the range of $350 million to $450 million. And now I’d like to hand the call back over to Beth. 
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you, Forbes and Mark. Operator, we are just about ready to begin our question and answer session. Before we do, I’d like to remind all of our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not be addressing any customer or product specific questions out of respect for our customers and their respective businesses. So with that, thank you for your cooperation, and we’re ready to begin, operator. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on some of the new program ramps that you talked about for fiscal 2015. I know you mentioned you have several different ones underway. Could you just talk about how sustainable you think some of these new programs will be, or if some of these are just for a few quarters? And then if you could also discuss how you’re doing with some of the yields on some of these new program ramps?
Mark Mondello: The program ramps are all over the map. I talked about that, I think, in the last call. So I would characterize the program ramps as having different characteristics as far as time buckets and product lifecycles. So 80% of them will have an impact to FY15, a fairly material impact, I would characterize. And I would say upwards of 70% to 80% of them will have some level of impact into fiscal year 2016. And then there’s some development programs run again that I would imagine will have life cycles in the three to five year range. 
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs : And then maybe if you could just help us think a little bit about the margin trajectory. By my math, it seems like the fiscal 2015 guidance implies something for core EBIT margins in the mid 3% range. In past cycles, the company has hit the high threes or even the fours in parts of other cycles. You mentioned some investments that you’re still making. Maybe if you could just help us think about the potential for the company to get back to the historical margin levels over time.
Mark Mondello : I think you’re spot on. If you’re looking at modeling 2015 as we sit today in the mid threes, I think that’s appropriate. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we are working like heck to get our margins back to 4%. I think I would keep your models in the mid threes for FY 2015, at least for now. And that’s driven by a couple of different things. Number one is we’re coming off of a tough year. The team’s worked hard. I’ve talked a lot about their accomplishments. We have normalized a vast majority of our overhead costs based on some of the issues and decisions that were made in 2014, but we’re not fully there yet. So that will have a little bit of negative pressure on margins for 2015. And the other part is we’re seeing reasonably strong revenues for fiscal year 2015, and when we think about the strength of the business overall, we are going to go ahead and continue to make some investments and take on some development work in FY 2015 as well. So said another way, if we chose not to do any of that, I would guess that our operating margins for the year might be at 4%, but I don’t think that’s the right decision for the business over the long term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander of Raymond James. 
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: Mark, what’s the rationale for changing the reporting structure of the business now? And is this just a reporting change, or is there something more strategic or operational behind the change? And how is this going to affect things like org structure, management roles, responsibilities, etc., beyond just the reporting change? And then as far as the targets are concerned for the year, it looks like you took the revenue up versus what you had before, but you kept the EPS range intact. I just wanted to see if you could talk about that as well.
Mark Mondello : Let me start with your first question, which was around reporting structure. So, we felt like the timing was good to align the reporting structure at the beginning of the fiscal year with exactly how we’re running the business.  So when we think about it, as CEO of the company, I look at the business in two buckets. I look at it as our EMS business and then our business that’s clearly not EMS-based. So, heavily around our Nypro brand and our Green Point brand. So, (a) it made a lot of sense for us to start reporting the business in the manner in which it’s run for this fiscal year. The other reason is, and what I tried to capture in my prepared comments, is the environments continue to change, and our businesses, again, are distinctly different. So I thought it appropriate to run the business and report the business based on attributes and characteristics to which they operate. So, again, as I said in the prepared comments, there’s a certain set of attributes and go-to-market strategies for our EMS business that are much, much different than the businesses that we take on for Green Point and/or Nypro. So that’s what drove the decision, and I’m glad we’re doing it, because, again, it ends up allowing us to report the business in the exact fashion to which we manage it and run it. Organizationally, there’s really no major organizational changes. One or two levels below myself, we have a management team that continues to take a hard look at the business in many different buckets. We’ll continue to do so. When you run a business like ours, with the margin structure that we have, we have to keep track of every nickel, and that’s done only by taking a hard look at managing the business in small bites, if you will. In regards to your question on taking revenue up, I don’t know where you’re getting that from. There’s a data point, I believe back in our March call, where there may have been a question around, when we first came out with the $1.65 to $1.95 number, I think there was a question around what revenue we were thinking about for the EPS range for 2015.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James : That’s right.
Mark Mondello : I don’t remember whether I gave the answer or Forbes gave the answer, but I think we gave an answer on or about $16.5 billion give or take a bit. Today, we’re giving a midpoint of $17.25 billion, something like that.  So if that’s what you’re referring to, my commentary would be, again, we still haven’t normalized all of our overhead costs. I would remind you that as we went into fiscal year 2014, before we had some of the issues that took place, we had overhead and infrastructure both around our execution and operations and strategy to support a $18 billion, $18.5 billion, $19 billion business. Some of that overhead we’ve taken out of the company. Some of that overhead, I think it would be unwise to remove. I see that overhead structure normalizing as we get into fiscal year 2016, maybe sooner. But I wouldn’t model that. And then in addition, we’re seeing good strength in the business, and as I outlined in the prepared comments, I think it’s quite wise for us to make some of the investments we’re choosing to make.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James :  Let me just ask it maybe a different way. As far as the long term targets, are you making any changes to your margin assumptions? So specifically, the EMS margins, the way you’ve recast it at 2% to 4%. That was actually your previous target for high velocity, which is the lowest margin within that group. The other EMS subsegments would have been higher than that, so I was maybe a little bit surprised that 2% to 4% is the range you went with for that consolidated group. And I’m just wondering, has anything changed versus the last time you updated the margin targets?
Mark Mondello : Brian, I could have this wrong, but I think our high velocity margins longer term, yeah, they were 2% to 4%. Enterprise infrastructure, I think, was 3% to 4%, if I have that right. And then industrial was in the diversified range. If you take a look at that at a blended, kind of weighted average, I feel comfortable with the 2% to 4% range for the entire EMS mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS : Mark, I just wanted to get some sense of how we should expect the ebb and flow for revenues throughout the year. I think your fiscal first quarter guidance of $4.3 billion is roughly a quarter of the full year guide. Should we expect things to be relatively flat quarter to quarter? Are you expecting seasonality as you normally do? Just wanted to get some help in terms of just how would sort of maybe guide us in terms of how to think about the revenue trajectory as you go through the year.
Mark Mondello : Sure. I would caution you, again, you know, we’ve given some ranges for the year, and we’ve given fairly discrete guidance for Q1. But in an effort to answer your question and help you with your models, if you will, our DMS business, especially the Green Point business - and I’ve talked about this for the last year - it’s great business, it has some volatility built in.  So, again, there’s always risk in getting too cute with giving direction on how we shape out the business, but as we sit today, I think what Forbes talked about was kind of a midpoint for Q1 of about $150 million of core operating profits. If you model some seasonality similar to fiscal year 2013, from Q1 to Q2, and then you assume that the back half of the year was modestly higher than the first half of the year, I think that would be appropriate for your models as we sit today. 
Amitabh Passi - UBS : And then just a quick follow up, your enterprise and infrastructure segments seem to have come in better than I think you had anticipated when you gave us guidance. Would love to get some incremental insight in terms of maybe some of the moving parts, where you think the upside came from.
Forbes Alexander : For the fourth quarter, it was pretty broad-based, actually. We were a little bit surprised, but you’re right, it was about $100 million above where we’d anticipated coming into the quarter. But I would say it was pretty broad-based across the areas we serve, the telecommunications, networking, and the storage areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox - Cross Research : Just going back to the new segment reporting, Forbes, is there any way to give us some color on how some of the cash flow characteristics break out between the two segments, capex, D&A, and also just the relative asset split, and will the businesses be sharing plants?
Forbes Alexander : Let me take the last bit first. There’s an amount of shared capacity clearly across the corporation. And as we certainly ramp into our Chengdu facility also, that will be shared capacity across the corporation. In terms of cash flows, we weren’t going to report a specific cash flow basis, but as we move forward here, we’ll obviously be reporting the asset position of each of these segments, as we are required to do that in our filings. But specifically, we’re not going to focus on the cash flow reporting there. As we move forward into the fiscal year, I will endeavor to provide you guidance in terms of our capex. I think that’s appropriate, as we see where we’re making our investments, and see what the growth profile of that business is.
Steven Fox - Cross Research : And at this point, can you give us sort of a rough sense for how much capex is going into each business this year?
Forbes Alexander : At this stage, what we’re seeing is about $350 million to $450 million on an overall basis. But certainly, given the growth trajectory and the level of complexity, I would weight the capex more towards the diversified manufacturing services segment than the EMS segment.
Steven Fox - Cross Research : And then one last question, Mark, you mentioned the ramps. Just putting aside the fixed overhead that you’re looking to fill with the new programs, in terms of the ramps themselves, can you just sort of characterize your execution in the last quarter and into this quarter? Is it a margin drag, or is it going about as expected? And then with the program ramps, is there sort of another layer up? Or is it sort of a consistent build, especially in DMS, off of the 30% growth you’re looking at this quarter?
Mark Mondello : The ramps I would characterize altogether as quite good. And again, I think that’s reflected in the confidence we’ve offered in the full year guidance. As far as, I think it was Mark that asked the question earlier, our program ramps have all different tails to them. So, again, we won’t get into those details. Some of them will go beyond 2015, and some of them will have three to five year product life cycles with them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup : You know, looking at the EPS guidance, it’s very strong and encouraging for the next quarter, for the quarter outlook, the November quarter. If you were to annualize it at that, though, it would meaningfully surpass your guidance to your range. I’m just taking, for example, a midpoint of, say, about $0.50 for the November quarter. That would put you at about a $2 run rate. And when one considers that you’re still going to see benefits from restructuring and the flow through, and the realignments from all that, I guess one has to ask about the linearity of earnings and those cost savings, and why wouldn’t EPS be at the [inaudible].
Mark Mondello : Well, I think we addressed that somewhat in a prior question. There’s going to be some seasonality. Please, if I don’t answer correctly, I’ll try to restate the answer. There’s going to be some seasonality, we believe, in going from Q1 to Q2. So we feel pretty good about Q1, and there’ll be some seasonality to Q2. And again, if you take a look at a little bit of the shape of our earnings from 2013, I think that may help. And I would believe that, again, with that shape, the back half of the year has potential to be marginally higher than the first half.
Jim Suva - Citigroup : And on that seasonality, is that segment related? Or is that companywide related? And my follow up would be, on the free cash flow, what do you plan on doing with the free cash flow? Would that be to pay down debt? Future strategic M&A? Stock buyback? Or how should we think about your free cash flow after you back out capex?
Forbes Alexander:  In terms of the seasonality, I would expect the dominant piece of seasonality to be within the diversified manufacturing segment. There will be some within the electronic manufacturing segment, but I would say the dominant piece would be within diversified. Then in terms of your follow up question, in terms of the cash flows, we expect another strong year in operating cash flow, $7 million to $8 million, capex $400 million at its midpoint. So at least $350 million, $400 million of free cash flow.  You know, we’ll continue to appropriately measure what we do there. We’re obviously in a growth mode here, so we’d like to make some tuck-in acquisitions in terms of capabilities throughout the balance of the year. That is part of our growth and capability strategy. So certainly want to leave some room for that. And we’re committed to our dividend as we move through the fiscal year, and we’ll see where we go from there. But certainly we’re in good shape as we move through the year here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: I just wanted to delve in a little bit more on the margins, specifically the DMS business. You know, you talked about the trajectory and the timing. When would you hit the low end, then, of the 5% to 7% target? Is that more of a second half of 2015 focus, or would that be pushed out at all, to 2016?
Forbes Alexander : In terms of margin in DMS, certainly with the guidance we’ve provided for the first fiscal quarter, sequentially up 30%, we would certainly expect great opportunity to be in that range of guidance, 5% to 7%, actually, in the first quarter. You know, things are going well, and certainly we would expect to be in the range of the guidance for each of the quarters of fiscal 2015.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research : And just a clarification, I think in the opening remarks, you had mentioned 8% to 12% sales range for DMS, but on the slide, it says 8% to 10%. Is that just misprinted?
Forbes Alexander : The range is 8% to 12% in terms of financial growth target.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank : I have a question on incremental growth and if it’s being driven entirely by new program ramps, or what you’re seeing in the end markets, any signs of improvement.
Forbes Alexander : The majority of the growth that we’re seeing, certainly within diversified manufacturing, is new program ramps. Mark, in his prepared remarks, did talk to multiple ramps, developments and ramps going on. So it’s predominantly new ramps that’s showing in that growth. As we look at the full year, from a company-wide perspective, overall, markets seem to be pretty stable. We saw a little bit of an uptick in Q4 there. I think that will be more normalized as we move into the fourth calendar quarter, if you will. So I characterize it as end markets being stable and these new ramps that we’ve been investing in providing the majority of the growth as we move through fiscal 2015.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank : Mark, I think you did talk about this previously. You mentioned that the operating margin targets for fiscal 2015 should probably be around the 3% range, but 4% remains your target. What revenue levels do you think are needed to return to those [unintelligible] of operating margin targets, and when do you expect to be able to reach these levels?
Mark Mondello : Let me clarify a little bit. I think what I said was I think it’s appropriate to model around mid-3% range for FY 2015. And to get there, I think we can get there with the guidance we’ve provided for the full fiscal year. I also said in the prepared remarks that, again, there was a lot of work done in fiscal year 2014. This year, it’s about optimizing the business and growing the business. And I think if we’re successful in that, we end up normalizing our overhead. I think a 4% range beyond FY 2015 is very achievable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nikhil Kumar with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Nikhil Kumar - Stifel Nicolaus: Just want to delve into the DMS business. You are guiding growth for 8% to 12%. So, is most of the growth coming from Green Point? Or are you seeing growth in Nypro and the packaging side as well?
Mark Mondello : We’re seeing growth from both, and that’s one of the things that has us excited. We’re seeing growth from both the Green Point side and the Nypro side. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company : There was a comment early about 30 new customers in fiscal 2014. Can you share what that might have been on a net basis first? And then secondarily, can you talk a little bit about the new win environment incrementally from what you already are starting to ramp in hand, the prospects that you’re seeing in the two segments that you’ll now be reporting on, and then specifically within EMS, whether the pricing variable is having any bit more of an impact there and any details on that would be great. 
Mark Mondello : Let’s break that down a little bit. There was a lot of information there in the question. So let’s start with the customer wins. We won’t discuss those, and most of those wins were booked in 2014, and the vast majority will have some level of impact to us in 2015. But I would say that from a materiality standpoint, from a customer account perspective, most of the impact will be in 2016 and 2017, as far as magnitude of profit dollars.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company : I was actually looking to get some clarification around the number of net customers that we had for the year. If we added 30, what does that look like on a net basis?
Mark Mondello : Are you asking how many customers we have as a corporation?
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company : If I understood correctly, we added 30 new customers. I’m assuming, general course of business, some customers lost. Just wanted to get a sense of what that might have looked like on a net basis.
Mark Mondello : I’d say our customer attrition and loss was very, very low relative to the 30 wins. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company : And then in terms of the prospects right now for DMS versus EMS, etc.? 
Mark Mondello : Prospects for both are good. There are certain parts of our EMS business where the business is flat and not growing. But as I said in my prepared comments, it’s intriguing to me that as we see so many different technologies starting to converge so quickly, things like sensors, things like the additional bandwidth in wireless, things like cloud-based functions, things like appliances connecting to the internet, things going on in automotive. The opportunities that we’re seeing are exciting.  As far as the diversified space, I’d say the same thing. We’ve got great opportunities in lifestyles, wearables. Our mobility business is strong. And then our Nypro team, it’s, again, fascinating to me to see what they’re doing in the areas of packaging, what they’re doing in the areas of smart packaging, what they’re doing in the areas of pharmaceuticals, what they’re doing in the areas of overall med devices. So again, the opportunities we have are widespread.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company : And then just last, on pricing?
Mark Mondello : Your question was exactly what?
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company : Are we seeing any incremental price pressures within EMS, or that’s impacting any of the subsegments there? 
Mark Mondello : We see pricing pressure every day. I would characterize it as the pricing pressure we’re seeing is very consistent with what we’ve seen in the last two to three years. It’s always there, and I would characterize it as intense. For me, it’s just a different degree of intenseness. It never goes away.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company : Normalized trends, as it’s been recently.
Mark Mondello : Normalized trends, that’s correct.
Beth Walters: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Brian Alexander of Raymond James.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James : I wanted to ask about capex, Forbes. So, in the quarter, $200 million gross, and for the year, over $600 million. I think that was $100 million above your expectations a quarter ago, and well above your original outlook of $250 million to $350 million for the year. So is that all for incremental manufacturing capacity for DMS? Or is it for other segments?  And more importantly, how confident are you that the capex range you gave today of $350 million to $450 million for fiscal 2015 will remain intact? Or might that be a moving target? And are you factoring in any equipment sales in fiscal 2015 as an offset? Is that a gross number, or a net number? 
Forbes Alexander : So, first of all, the net capex in fiscal 2014 was $460 million. We did accelerate acceptance of buildings in particular, in China, into Q4, to prepare for some ramps in 2015 here. So if you look at the [unintelligible], if you will, of spend last year, I think there was somewhere in the region of $250 million on physical footprint, so buildings, lease holds, associated with that. So that prepares us very, very nicely for 2015 and into 2016. So that gives me a level of confidence in the $350 million to $450 million on an overall net basis, looking at 2015. And there will be some minor equipment disposals, just very routine operational stuff, in 2015. But kind of on the midpoint of about 400. As I said in an earlier reply to an earlier question, on the split of that capex, I would expect it certainly to be more weighted towards the diversified area. A lot of development work going on there, a lot of program ramps in process, both across healthcare, pharma, food groups, and obviously across the broader Green Point area. There will be some incremental capex in the electronic manufacturing services arena. We do expect that to grow on a year over year basis, within the targeted range of zero to 5%. So expect some there, but the majority to go on the diversified side.
Beth Walters : Okay, thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. Appreciate you taking the time, and we’ll be available for the rest of the week to answer any follow up questions you might have. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-06-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Mark Mondello - Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Amitabh Passi - UBS Wamsi Mohan - BoA Merrill Lynch Jim Suva - Citi Steven Fox - Cross Research Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Jabil’s Third Quarter 2014 Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters : Thank you very much. Welcome to our third quarter of 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2014 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with opening remarks from Mark. We will then move on to the third fiscal quarter results and guidance on our fourth fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. I’d like to begin by recognizing all of our people here at Jabil. Thank you for your commitment. On to the quarter, the results were largely as planned. We delivered $45 million in core operating income on revenues of $3.8 billion and ended the quarter with a strong cash balance. Forbes will provide more detail and discuss our Q4 guidance during his prepared comments. As I think about where we stood today, a significant catalyst for future growth is the continued advancement of our capabilities. Our organizational structure intentionally houses our broad-based capabilities in an independent, standalone group led by our COO. Commercial leaders across our company leverage these capabilities to best serve their respective customers and end markets. This approach drives valuable collaboration and minimizes parochial behavior. I’d like to share a few examples of the solutions and activities ongoing within our capabilities group today. Advanced planning and supply chain optimization tools, which combined proprietary business intelligence with big data. Our continued acceleration and implementation of advanced automation and robotics across a large percentage of our factory floors. Expansion of our advanced design services such as enhancing the consumer experience by improving the interface with product packaging and/or product specific industrial designs. The last example specific to capabilities is the advanced modification made to our ubiquitous SAP platform combined with virtualization of our IT backbone. This results in better security, higher flexibility, and faster information flow across our Jabil network. These limited examples are a modest illustration of the type of outstanding work taking place within our capabilities group. With that, let me shift focus to our independent operating units. Our Nypro team has delivered ahead of plan. They are completing their integration into Jabil from a systems perspective all while driving creative solutions for their customers. In addition, they are adding square footage in anticipation of growth, growth in the areas of healthcare, big pharma and consumer packaging. Our Enterprise & Infrastructure segment continues to gain market share albeit in a continued challenging environment. The team continues to deliver high complex, high technical products with near perfect quality. In addition, there is acute awareness by the team of the cloud-based transformation currently underway in networking and storage. Our High Velocity segment has booked new revenue streams in the areas of automotive, consumer electronics, point-of-sale, printing and digital home. The team’s innovative solutions combined with their optimized cost base offer a value proposition that is well aligned to the end markets in which they serve. Our industrial division continues to grow while taking tremendous care of the brand companies they serve. The team delivers an endless number of products produced in a complicated low volume, high mix environment. Inside of Jabil Green Point, our team is focused on engineering intensive high-volume programs. The combination of technical expertise, massive scale and operational excellence makes all this possible. We anticipate a solid recovery in this area of our DMS business. I would like to move my prepared comments to share a few thoughts as I think about fiscal year ’15. First and foremost I am highly energized and enthused by our outlook. I remain confident in our ability to deliver core earnings per share in the range of $1.65 to $1.95 as previously communicated during our March call. My confidence is reinforced by share of wallet expansion and new bookings which have occurred within our High Velocity and our Enterprise & Infrastructure segments combined with the sheer magnitude of product ramps in process within our DMS segment. These product ramps include areas in healthcare, packaging, mobility, industrial, wearable computing and consumer lifestyle. As we enter fiscal year ’15, it’s my belief that our DMS revenues will recover and we will experience near double-digit leverage as the existing cost base is absorbed. Furthermore our FY ‘15 core EPS guidance includes approximately $25 million to $30 million of new OpEx investment. This investment is focused on future growth as we look to expand into large non-traditional, non-DMS markets, markets which align with longer term trends such as energy, aging population, environmental preservation and sensors. This organic investment carries manageable risk and if successful will deliver further diversification to future Jabil earnings. As I look across our broad range of commercial activities, I remain highly confident that the collective portfolio will deliver an ROI in excess of our weighted average cost of capital. As I think about the next 3 to 4 years, I believe our portfolio strategy provides a solid foundation for the business moving forward. As I have stated previously, it’s my belief that Jabil will deliver strong operational cash flows over the longer term. Relative core EPS will be determined by our capital structure, which I believe will improve over time. Our tax rate and thoughtful decisions we make around capital allocation. As a corporation, we are most fortunate to have a unique combination of scale, innovative capabilities and experienced leadership. This affords us a credible path to pursue many business opportunities in various end markets as we look ahead. Thank you. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks Mark. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin with reviewing the results for our third fiscal quarter, I’d like to remind everyone that during the quarter we did finalize the divestiture of our aftermarket services business. And all results associated with this business are reflected as discontinued operations. And as such, our results for the third fiscal quarter of 2014 and all comparative periods and discussion reflect this treatment. I’d now ask you to turn to Slide 3 of the presentation deck. Net revenue for the third quarter was $3.8 billion, a decline of 10% on a year-over-year basis. Our GAAP operating loss was $1.6 million during the quarter. Our GAAP net income was $188.3 million. GAAP net diluted earnings per share were $0.93 during the quarter. GAAP net earnings in the quarter included $12 million of restructuring and associated charges, $6 million associated with the amortization of intangibles and $15 million of stock-based compensation, along with a gain on sale of our aftermarket services business of some $240 million. Core operating income, excluding the gain on sale of discontinued operations, amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring and certain other expenses was $45.3 million and represents 1.2% of revenue. Core diluted loss per share was $0.06. As anticipated, our core diluted earnings per share negatively impacted by an elevated effective tax rate relative to historical levels. The core effective tax rate during the quarter was 188% or $24 million in tax expense. As I discussed in our last call, the higher rate driven by geographical mix of our profits and losses during the quarter is expected to continue into our fourth fiscal quarter. We would anticipate our tax rate to return to historical levels for the period of fiscal 2015. If you will now turn to Slide 4 for a segment discussion. In the quarter, our diversified manufacturing services segment increased 6% on a year-over-year basis driven largely by solid performances by our Nypro industrial and instrumentation businesses. Revenue for the segment was approximately $1.6 billion, representing 43% of total company revenue. Operating income was 1.1% of revenue during the quarter, well below our targeted range and reflective of the cost infrastructure in place within Green Point. As you will recall, we have chosen to maintain the levels of cost infrastructure within this business as we prepare for return to more historical levels of production in fiscal ‘15 and beyond. The Enterprise and Infrastructure segment decreased 3% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting continued declines in enterprise spending partially offset by strength in telecom. Revenue was approximately $1.3 billion, representing 35% of total company revenue in the third quarter. Core operating income for this segment was 2% of revenue. The High Velocity segment decreased 45% on a year-over-year basis as a result of our Blackberry disengagement. Revenue was approximately $850 million representing 23% of total company revenue in the quarter. Core operating income for this segment was 0.2% of revenue. On a sequential basis total company revenue increased 6% with all three segment showing modest improvements. If you will now, please turn to Slide 5, we ended the fiscal quarter with cash balances of $1.3 billion and debt levels were consistent at $2.2 billion. Cash flow from operations through the first nine months for our fiscal year were $409 million. Core EBITDA for the quarter was approximately $159 million representing 4.2% of revenue, while core return on invested capital was 3%. During the third fiscal quarter we repurchased approximately 3.6 million shares at a total cost of approximately $65 million. We have approximately $70 million available under our $200 million repurchase authorization. Year-to-date, net capital expenditures totaled $274 million. Consistent with our discussion of last quarter, we expect total capital expenditures to track to $350 million for the full fiscal year. As we look to bring on our first tranche of capacity in Chengdu and to support new Nypro ramps during early fiscal 2015. If you will now, please turn to Slide 6, where I would like to give you an update on restructuring activity, our broad capacity alignment plan announced in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 remains on track to deliver $65 million of benefit in 2015. As a reminder our plan outlined $188 million of costs to be recognized over a seven quarter period. Since its inception, we have recognized $122 million of those costs with cash I believe to-date of $67 million. The balance of $66 million of charges and $84 million of cash is anticipated to occur over the next two quarters. The restructuring activity associated with our Blackberry disengagement is anticipated to be concluded in the coming quarter. Total charges are now expected to be in the range of $42 million to $70 million. And I will ask you to turn to Slide 8 and 9 and I will discuss our fourth quarter 2014 guidance. In the fourth quarter we expect revenue on a year-over-year basis to decline approximately 15% and to be in the range of $3.7 billion to $3.9 billion or at its midpoint consistent sequentially. Consistent with our guidance of 90 days ago, core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $40 million to $80 million and core operating margin in the range of 1.1% to 2.1%. Interest expense is estimated to be $32 million, while tax dollars are estimated to be $30 million. Thus we estimate our core earnings per share will be in the range of $0.10 to negative $0.10 per diluted share. Net GAAP loss per share is expected to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.05 per diluted share based upon our diluted share count of 201 million shares. Turning to our segments on a year-on-year performance basis, the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to decrease 6% to approximately $1.7 billion in revenue, an increase sequentially of 7%. Enterprise & Infrastructure segment is expected to decrease 7% on a year-over-year basis reflective of end market conditions. And finally, our High Velocity segment is expected to decrease 38% on a year-over-year basis reflecting the wind down of our Blackberry relationship. We are well-positioned as we move towards fiscal 2015. Our balance sheet is strongly positioned to provide both financial and strategic optionality, positioned to support the business with further investment, seek acquisitions which will continue to enhance our capabilities in key areas and return capital to shareholders via our ongoing dividend and stock repurchase programs. I’d now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Great. Thanks Forbes and Mark. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I’d like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we will not address any customer or product specific questions out of respect for our customers and their specific products. Thank you so much for your cooperation. Operator, we can begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much for taking the question. I was hoping first, Mark or Forbes, if you could elaborate on the outlook in fiscal ‘15 and if you could talk a little bit more about the DMS segment and if you could talk a little bit more about what gives you the confidence in those ramps and if you could just give us sense on the timing for some of those ramps and maybe when you can have the capacity more fully utilized?
Mark Mondello: Mark, I think based on my prepared comments, I just tell you that the color we have around the ramps today and it’s a multitude of ramps. I just – I’d leave it as we just feel comfortable that the ramps are going well and we are comfortable with the guidance provided.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Okay. For a follow-up question, you mentioned some new OpEx investments for some new end markets and I think you mentioned NRG as one of those, does that imply that the core business was actually tracking above your guidance for fiscal ‘15 because of the incremental OpEx that you talked about today on the call this brings it back in mind?
Mark Mondello: No. What I think it means is that the business, the earnings are strong enough in ‘15 to where we are going to have $25 million to $30 million of planned OpEx, which will take earnings down. So, we will still be in the $1.65 to $1.95 range, but we are going to make $25 million to $30 million in investments for the future. That’s correct.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I will turn it over. Thank you very much.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi, thank you. Mark, maybe if I could try this slightly different way, I think if you look at the Street consensus estimates, everybody is assuming a pretty nice inflection in the November quarter with earnings, call it somewhere in the $0.35 to $0.40 range. I am not expecting to give us guidance for the November quarter, but I am just trying to figure out is that the right way to think about how we should plan to get to the $1.80 middle point for EPS guidance for next year? Is it a more gradual ramp? Any help you can give there just in terms of the trajectory?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think what I would rather do is provide a little more color on that come September.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. And then I wanted to just clarify on your $200 million buyback, can you remind us and I apologize if you said this, how much is still left in the program?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. There is $70 million left. We did use $65 million during the third fiscal quarter.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Okay. Alright, thanks. I will step back in queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with BoA Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BoA Merrill Lynch: Mark, can you talk a little bit about the DMS guidance here for the next quarter down year-on-year obviously adjusted for the MS divestiture, but is that more about tough comps from last year in specialized services or is it being driven more by a disproportionate decline on the industrial, clean techs, or non-specialized services area?
Mark Mondello: No, it’s not industrial clean tech, it’s just the overall product ramps we are going through heading into ‘15.
Wamsi Mohan - BoA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. And as a follow-up, can you talk about the DMS margin profile, I mean given you EPS guidance which would probably still be expecting DMS margins below your longer term range at least for the August quarter, but is it fair to assume that as we go into the next fiscal year, we should start to think about DMS margins back into your long-term range?
Mark Mondello: That’s a fair assumption, yes.
Wamsi Mohan - BoA Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citi: Thank you very much. It sounds like if I heard correctly that we should wait for September I just want to ask the question about market and the step increase from basically breakeven now to a linear year of next year $0.45 per quarter, $0.40 per quarter you are saying just hold off until September because when we look at the restructuring it looks like some of the benefits should start meaningfully kick in, can you just kind of help us a little bit around if indeed we should expect to go up to that level or is it going to be more gradual or the timing, maybe you can talk about the timing of the benefits from the restructuring?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. Jim, it is Forbes, in terms of the restructuring, we are well down the path to execute on that front. And I ask everyone to follow the cash if you will rather than the GAAP bookings. So we formerly announced a closure of a site in the United States that will be closed in August, so we will see some really positive results of that in our first fiscal quarter. And then as I look through the back half it will be more linear as we take costs out of Western Europe. So we don’t want to get into the particular quarter-by-quarter or EPS guidance at this stage. And as Mark said in his prepared remarks we got a large number of program ramps as we are moving into ’15. So we don’t control when those products are launched in the marketplace, we will see how that pans out and we certainly feel very well positioned to deliver a strong ’15.
Mark Mondello: And Jim, one thing to help you maybe a little bit in your model is if I had to guess I guess that the earnings would have a shape to them similar to what we delivered in FY ’13 on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
Jim Suva - Citi: That’s very helpful. And then as we take a big step back and it’s a strategically big picture of Jabil, you are really changing the character of your company with Nypro and the acquisitions you have done, is it fair to say that that character post the restructuring once you come out that the operating margins would be materially higher because if we look at say a sales run rate of $16 billion to $16.5 billion which I believe you guided to and then your EPS that is meaningfully below what you have done at $16 billion to $16.5 billion of revenues and the EPS is kind of a disconnect I assume it’s masked by the restructuring and you should come out even much stronger profitability because of Nypro and the other options is that fair long-term?
Mark Mondello: Certainly, that’s what we are efforting towards. I think it’s too early to tell right now Jim, but yes, that’s what we are efforting for.
Jim Suva - Citi: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Mark Mondello: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC.
Unidentified Analyst: It’s Bob. Thanks a lot guys. Two questions for me. One, I guess Mark on the fiscal ’15 guide that you are reiterating today maybe just talk about are you more comfortable with those numbers today versus you were 90 days ago and it almost sounds like the Enterprise and High Velocity segment revenues could be better than what you thought 90 days ago, but it’s getting offset by this $25 million OpEx investments, is that the right way we are going to read the change in our assumptions of that fiscal ’15 guide?
Mark Mondello: We will talk more about that in September. Right, but it’s hard to address that this far out but let’s have that conversation in our September call.
Unidentified Analyst: And then I guess if I just look at your August quarter guide right, you are looking for flattish growth on a sequential basis at least right now, if I look at the last few years when you had the big ramp with your customer, August tends to be up mid-single digits for you guys typically. So what is the offset from historically August being up mid-single digits to the guidance of flat, is it that you don’t have visibility or there any offsets to that?
Forbes Alexander: Right. Amit, it’s Forbes I think it’s not that we don’t have visibility, I think it’s the offset is such that as we talked about a couple of quarters ago unfortunately the programs that we had geared up for this fiscal year didn’t come to fruition in terms of sell through. So it’s really that impact more than visibility.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And we will look forward to the September call. Thanks a lot guys.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Thanks. Good afternoon. First question, I was wondering Mark without getting into numbers of course if we look at what you are kind of looking at on the DMS business for next couple of quarters smoothed out and compare it maybe to the ramp that you have had in the last couple of years in the back half of the calendar year. How is it different, how is it the same, whether it’s on the level of complexity you are doing to serve markets, new programs versus maybe just second generation programs? I am just trying to get a handle on how different this is going to be and the challenges you may have or may not have for the rest of the calendar year with DMS?
Mark Mondello: Wow, good question. Challenges are – I mean, challenges are comparable. None of this is easy. Better diversification and I say better diversification and maybe some tweaks to overall business terms from a ROIC perspective. Other than that, it’s similar.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Okay. And then secondly just in terms of looking at the OpEx investments that you mentioned obviously aimed at like you said diversifying. What like if you invest a dollar on – today in OpEx, like what kind of return are you looking at to actually see revenues? Is this something that could pay off in the next fiscal year or is this something that is entering new markets and we may have to wait until maybe a year plus out to actually see revenue?
Mark Mondello: Yes. I think it would be aggressive to think about this having a big impact in ‘15. If it did, it would be Q4ish timeframe. So, think about it for future investment.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Okay. And is there a lot of real new markets that you are entering or is it sort of doubling down on some of these diversified efforts that you made over the years?
Mark Mondello: The 25 to 30 I talked about is all new markets.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Okay, alright, great. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. I just was looking at the E&I segment and it looks like that was a little bit worse than expected, you mentioned server and storage and the guidance suggests that we see a deceleration in growth or as the declines get worse. Can you give us a little bit of color on what you are seeing in that segment?
Mark Mondello: Sherri, segment remains difficult, but I think what you are seeing in our results isn’t about the difficulty in the market, because the team is doing a great job. It’s about corporate allocation and the fact that we are slugging it through two tough quarters.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: And would you expect those margins to start to improve in fiscal ‘15 or would you expect them to improve this year, because you’ve sort of seen those coming down over the past couple of quarters?
Mark Mondello: Yes, they won’t improve next quarter, but we do anticipate they will improve in ‘15.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, Forbes, a quick question, I think on the last call you said that you would finish the $200 million in buybacks this fiscal year, is that still your plan?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. As we said today, we are methodically working our way through that at a pace of $65 million to $70 million a quarter. Yes, we see how that plays out as we move through the coming couple of months, yes.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And at this time, we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Okay, thank you very much. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. As always, we will be available for any follow-up questions you have during the rest of the evening and the rest of the week and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-03-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Beth Walters – SVP, Communications and IR Mark Mondello – CEO Forbes Alexander – CFO
Analysts:  Mark Delaney – Goldman Sachs Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch Steven Fox – Cross Research Jim Suva – Citigroup Amitabh Passi – UBS Investment Bank Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Matt Sheerin – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Jabil’s Second Quarter 2014 Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome everyone, to our second quarter of fiscal 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2014 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with some opening remarks from Mark. We will then move on to our second fiscal quarter results and guidance on our third fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. Before I begin I’d like to tale a minute and recognize all of our people here at Jabil. Thank you for your continued commitment and tireless dedication in serving our customers. I want to begin today by addressing three material events we discussed during our December call. These events are the temporary shift in demand within our DMS business, the pending sale of our AMS business and our disengagement with BlackBerry. As we sat together roughly 90 days ago, coming out with a solid Q1 we delivered tough news around volume declines within our DMS segment. On delivering this news top of mind for management was to reallocate assets and resources to new strategic revenue streams as swiftly and thoughtfully as possible. The goal being to return our core operating income within our DMS segment to more normalized levels in fiscal year ‘15. As we sit today the efforts put forward by the team are paying dividends, as we accelerate program ramp during the back half of this fiscal year. We will incur additional upfront production expenses in Q3 and Q4 relative to our plan set back in December. As I look across the various development activities I am confident that we’ll deliver a return on investment, net of our development cost in excess of our hurdle rates for the collective portfolio of these new programs. An illustration of the type of activities currently taking place are, implementing automation for production processes, various advanced engineering activities, hiring and training teams of direct labor, prototyping and repositioning manufacturing assets across the company. As much as I’d like to see better financial results for this quarter I’m comfortable spending money in our development activities to secure new revenue streams for fiscal year ‘15 and beyond. Let me move on to our second material event, the sales of our AMS business. The team has executed a plan and the transaction will close on or about April 1st. I couldn’t be more pleased. Thank you for M&A team and our functional support teams for a job well done. A special thanks to our AMS employees. I wish them all the very best as they prepare for life under the iQor flag. Lastly, a brief update on the wind down of our Blackberry relationship; over the past six months, our team has done a masterful job of working with their counterparts at Blackberry to assure the customer is well served, all while mitigating what was significant potential financial liability. I’m pleased to report that the wind down should be complete by the end of this quarter and the overall financial risk is squarely in the range previously communicated. Thanks to all of those involved, for your focus and effort in delivering an outstanding result. Moving on to our core business, striving for perfect quality and excellent customer service is at the heart of all we do. Our most recent net promoter scores continue to trend in a positive direction, so much so that our scores are at all-time highs across a large percentage of our business. This is significant as it directly correlates to overall customer satisfaction and our ability to realize market share gains. Thanks to the entire team for making this happen. The leadership team for our Enterprise and Infrastructure segment continue to execute well. We’re well positioned in this space as we look ahead to fiscal year ‘15. Our service levels are best-in-class across much of this business. The current macro environment is challenging in the area of enterprise spending for corporations and the federal government. We are seeing positive demand signals in the area of 4G and LTE. Market share gains are consistent but anticipated net revenue growth is modest based on the offset of the current end market headwinds. Our High Velocity segment has a team that continues to bring forward innovative solutions while maintaining tight controls around costs. We continue to enjoy strong customer relationships in the areas of printing, point of sale, digital home appliances and automotive. In combination with running their business with great efficiency the High Velocity team is also celebrating 15 new customer wins. These wins position this segment for another year of solid performance as we exit fiscal year ‘14. Our industrial business remains stable and is very well diversified. The team serves many of the world’s largest industrial brands and global conglomerates. We provide progressive manufacturing and supply chain solutions that positively impact end markets, market such as farming and heavy machinery, smart metering and monitoring, energy, power generation and home comfort and security. Our Nypro Healthcare team continues to advance our service offering and broaden our overall value proposition. What they are doing illustrates creativity, as they look to expand in the new areas of healthcare along with big pharma. The leadership team for our Nypro Packaging sector has realized several new and exciting program wins. These wins are with marquee customers in the areas of food and beverage as well as consumer packaging. All told our team in Clinton, Massachusetts continue to carry the Nypro brand with pride. Integration has gone well but not without lots of hard work and collaboration. We are in the process of launching two new factories within our Nypro division. These factories will support growth in both our healthcare sector and our packaging sector. So what all does this mean if we fast forward five short months? Forbes and I believe that we will deliver core earnings per share in the range of $1.65 to $1.95 in fiscal year ‘15. Let me walk you through our assumptions. We assume we will deliver roughly $300 million to $320 million of core operating income in fiscal year ‘14. These results are adjusted for the removal of our AMS business and our disengagement with our Blackberry business. We assume $65 million of benefit from our corporate restructuring efforts in fiscal year ‘15 as previously communicated. We assume revenue growth from our E&I and high velocity businesses to be GDP light. We also believe these two segments will deliver more normalized margins in fiscal year ‘15 relative to fiscal year ‘14. This would result in incremental earnings year-on-year of roughly $25 million to $45 million for these two segments combined. We assume our industrial, healthcare, instrumentation, packaging and defense and aerospace sectors will have combined revenue growth of roughly 5% to 7% year-on-year FY’14 to FY’15. We assume strong double-digit revenue growth for our intelligent lifestyle and wearable computing business. This growth is reflective of the development activities currently underway within Jabil. We assume solid recovery for the balance of our DMS business. The key aspects of this recovery is the leverage we obtain. We obtained leverage applied to the existing fixed cost base, leverage applied to the absorption of the SG&A and leverage applied to our tax structure which Forbes will address in his prepared remarks. I ask that you think about the impact of this leverage in a manner so much similar to the de-leveraging we experienced last quarter. Our last assumption is that we complete our $200 million share buyback in fiscal year ‘14. All these assumptions most certainly have a degree of risk but on a relative scale we believe our assumption set is well grounded and sound. The summation of this assumption set is what guides us in our belief that we’ll deliver the core EPS in the range of $1.65 to a $1.95 in fiscal year ‘15. We’ve proven time and time again that Jabil is resilient and our long term execution is dependable. It’s my belief that Jabil’s long-term earnings power remains strong. At a time when a typical build to print legacy AMS business is showing flat to modest growth we are most fortunate to have the unique combination of scale and technical capabilities which allow us to embrace specific business opportunities that offer good growth year-on-year. We have incredibly strong relationships with many of the most valuable and innovative brands in the world. In closing, I truly believe we are making commercial and strategic decisions today which will deliver improved valuation over the long term. I’ll now the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Mark. Before reviewing the second fiscal quarter, I’d like to remind everyone all results associated with our aftermarket services business are reflected as discontinued operations and as such our results for the second fiscal quarter of 2014 in all comparative periods in discussion reflect this treatment. I would note that slide 11 of the second quarter earnings presentation posted on our website reflects operating results for continuing operation for each quarter of fiscal 2013 and the first quarter of fiscal 2014. I now ask you to refer to slide 3 where I will review second fiscal quarter. Net revenue for the quarter was $3.6 billion, a decline of 14% on year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $4 million or 0.1% of revenue. This compares to $133 million of GAAP operating income from revenues of $4.2 billion or 3.2% for the same period in the prior year, with the GAAP net diluted loss per share of $0.19 during the quarter. GAAP earnings in the quarter included $36 million of restructuring and associated charges, $6 million associated with amortization of intangibles and $15 million of stock-based compensation expense. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring and related charges was $60 million and represents 1.7% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.10. Please now refer to slide four. In the second quarter our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment declined in line with guidance by 16% on a year-over-year basis after adjusting for our Aftermarket Services business as discontinued operations. This decline is primarily associated with the lack of revenue demand we discuss within our materials technology unit in our December call. Revenue for the segment is approximately $1.5 million, representing 43% total company revenue. As a result core operating income was 1.8% of revenue. The Enterprise and Infrastructure segment decreased 9% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting declines in enterprise spending seen late in our quarter. Revenue was approximately $1.2 billion, representing 34% total company revenue and core operating income for the segment was 2.5%. The High Velocity segment decreased 18% on a year-over-year primarily as a result of our Blackberry disengagement. Revenue was $0.8 billion representing approximately 23% of total company revenue. Core operating income was $0.3 of revenue. I’d now like to review our cash return metrics and capital expenditures. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $675 million. Debt levels were consistent with $2.2 billion. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was $70 million or $135 million in first half of the fiscal year. Core EBITDA for the quarter was approximately $174 million, representing 4.9% of revenue while our core return on invested capital declined to 4%. In December we announced the approval to purchase up to $200 million of our outstanding shares. During the second fiscal quarter we purchased approximately 3.6 million shares at a total cost of $64 million. Our net capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $76 million or $273 million on a year-to-date basis. Last quarter we discussed our expenditures being towards the low end of a $250 million to $350 million range. Given recent news, business wins and product ramps, expenditures are now expected to remain in the range towards the higher end. A portion of these investments will bring online the first tranche of capacity in our Chengdu, China complex and additional business awards within our Nypro business unit. Please now refer to slide five where I would like to update you on our restructuring activity. During the second quarter we recognized restructuring related charges of $36 million, $28 million attributable to the wind down of the BlackBerry relationship. These charges reflect into some further reductions enforced and asset write-downs. Total cost-to-date associated with the activity are approximately $42 million of which $30 million is cash related. Our broader capacity alignment plan, announced in the third quarter of fiscal 2013, remains on track to deliver $65 million of benefit in fiscal 2015. As a reminder our plan outlined $188 million of costs to be recognized over a seven quarter period. Since its inception we have recognized $100 million of those costs with cash outlays to date of $38 million. The balance of $88 million of charges and $100 million of cash is anticipated to occur over the next three quarters. And finally for the third quarter our total restructuring charges are estimated to be in the range of $15 million to $35 million. I now ask that you refer to slide six and seven while I discuss our third quarter 2014 guidance. But before providing details around this guidance I would like to take a few moments to discuss the impact of taxes and the affect they will have on our second half of fiscal 2014 earnings. The core effective tax rate for the first half of our fiscal 2014 has been in the mid 20% range, but as we look out into the second half of fiscal 2014 we do anticipate that rates will increase substantially based upon the current forecast for the country mix of earnings. At this time we are forecasting our annual core effective tax rate to run in mid-50% range. As a result this will of course mean higher rates on a standalone basis in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. Core tax dollars remained as we had forecasted at the beginning of the fiscal year in a range of about a $100 million to a $110 million despite the lower levels of revenue and pretax core income that we are experiencing. The tax percentage increase is driven by two events, one operations in lower and zero tax rate countries will no longer generate near term profits at previously forecasted levels while some our incurring losses. And two we will continue to have profitable operations in countries like China and India. The taxes will continue to be incurred regardless of the profitability of your global operations. These events even in isolation will increase the corporate tax rate, when we do occur during the relatively short reporting period such as the second half of the fiscal 2014, with lower global earnings the tax rate becomes much higher than normal. In essence tax dollar remain relatively fixed in each of our third and fourth quarters and are estimated to be in range of $30 million to $33 million each quarter. In fiscal 2015 we expect our global tax rate to return to historic levels with an average near 20% plus or minus percentage point or two. Now turning to the specific guidance for the balance of the year. We expect revenue in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis to decline approximately 14% and to be in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion or at its midpoint consistent sequentially. The core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $20 million to $60 and core operating margins in a range of 0.6% to 1.6%. Interest expense is estimated to be $32 million and as noted tax dollars in the range of $30 million to $33 million. Thus we estimate the core earnings per share to be in the range of zero to negative $0.20 per diluted share. We also estimate the net GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.74 to $1.4 per diluted share based upon our diluted share count of 202 million shares, thus reflecting the gain in sale of our aftermarket services business. We believe that the third fiscal quarter should be the turning point for operating income levels. Fourth fiscal quarter is currently estimated to have operating income levels, similar to those of the second quarter, interest expense in tax dollars to remain relatively consistent with those of the third quarter levels. Turning to our segments and year-on-year performance, the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment is expected to decline 5% on a year-over-year basis. And finally our High Velocity segment is expected to decline 40% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting the wind down of our BlackBerry relationship. Excluding this relationship this segment is expected to increase 10% as a result of broad-based growth across automotive, printing, set-top boxes and point-of-sale. As a result of the revised operating income guidance and capital expenditure guidance for the balance of fiscal 2014, we now expect operating cash flow less capital expenditures to be in the range of $150 million to $250 million. I now like to hand the call back to Beth.
Beth Walters: Great, thank you, Forbes. Before we begin our question-and-answer I’d like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion out of respect to our customers we are not able to and we’ll not address any customers specific or product specific question. So we thank you in advance for your cooperation, Operator, we’d now like to begin the Q&A session with our sell-side analysts. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney – Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much for taking the question. Mark, I was hoping first, if you could elaborate a little bit more on your comments about having a good pipeline and what’s giving you the confidence to give EPS guidance for fiscal ‘15 at this point of the year?
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Sure Mark. It’s what we’re looking at right in front of us, Mark. I mean as I said in my prepared comments there is certainly risk to it, but we felt that like with the softness in the back half of FY’14 and Forbes and I debated long and hard about giving clarity and some color around FY’15. We have so much going on that we felt it was appropriate to offer up some color in ‘ 15 and I would just, I would tell you that in terms of our High Velocity business, in automotive, when I am looking at with our wearables and lifestyle business and then certainly the other parts of our MPG business and when I see what we got going on in development, that gave us the comfort to go ahead and give some color around FY’15. I think that along with everything we’re looking at in the development phase, when I look at the stability we are seeing in our core business, whether it be in the industrial sector, our E&I sector, our High Velocity sector the businesses is running well. And I think that things have been so tough for us in FY’14 because of the dramatic drop in a significant program as well as [hiving off], factoring in AMS that the weight of all of that on the business has been hard for people to get their arms around the fact that we got a heck of a good business, that we’re executing and running. So Q3 and Q4, I feel like better reflect that, but we feel pretty good about where we are headed in FY’15.
Mark Delaney – Goldman Sachs: Thanks for that color. For my follow-up question I was hoping you could clarify some of the assumptions in the fiscal ‘ 15 EPS guidance. I know you talked about planning to execute upon the $200 million repurchase. Beyond that $200 million repurchase, is there anything incremental from capital allocation that’s assumed in that, $1.65 to $1.95 EPS guidance or either further buybacks or M&A or debt reductions, is just that $200 million breakdown or is it additional capital allocation that you also need to get there?
Mark Mondello: In the assumption set described today there is no other additional capital allocation; it’s just the $200 million.
Mark Delaney – Goldman Sachs: Yeah, okay. Thank you and good luck.
Mark Mondello: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. Two questions, one, when you talked about your fiscal ‘ 15 guidance, one of the assumptions you made was you expect a solid recovery in the DMS business. Does that imply you think that business gets back to a $2 million run rate starting the November quarter, that’s what I think it was this year at least? And if so, maybe tell what gives you comfort, is that new program, the wearables started ramping or do you think so the headwinds you had last quarter, those have been resolved and that’s why you get back to the $2 million run rate?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, it’s Forbes, let me take a swing at that. We’re not giving specific guidance, you mentioned the November quarter. So we’re not giving specific guidance by quarter, but certainly we were hit with dramatic demand declines in the December timeframe. So as we’ve been consistent in our messaging, I think over the last 90 days, we would expect to bring revenue back and to cover that capacity that we have in place. So without in dialing in specific I think you mentioned $2 million a quarter, certainly that’s the goal here as we move forward into ‘15, but we don’t even want to dial-in specific numbers. What is encouraging is we are seeing robust growth in terms of product award wins across, broadly across DMS, be that in healthcare and be that in wearables, be that in more direct in materials technology group and I think as noted in my prepared remarks, I am pleased to note that we are laying down and launching the first program in our Chengdu, China site. So it’s pretty broad-based and the goal here is that we do get our revenues in the back to this level when that [full] capacity is in place.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And then if I just see the fiscal ‘15 guidance, I mean you guys have tried to provide longer term guidance in the past years and the final numbers have been a bit off the initial expectations right. What gives conviction, what you are seeing today that’s so different than what you saw the last two, three years when the initial guidance you gave on 18 months did not to pan out the way you guys thought it would be?
Mark Mondello: I don’t know exactly what guidance you are referring to, but I think you are being kind, if you are referring to about a year ago what we talked about. What we thought FY’14 would be around the $2.77 range and so one of the things that I gave a lot of thought to, before putting together my prepared remarks was okay we’ll say this in the following years because when we did this about a year ago, it wasn’t a small miss, it was a huge miss. But I, as I look at the business today and we could have a repeat of what happened last year, I just can’t imagine that first-off we are not going to sell any other parts of our company in the next 18 months, so there is not going to be another AMS. I can’t believe that we would had a drastic disengagement with our second biggest customer in the next nine to twelve months and I can’t contemplate a massive products snafu that we experienced, that we talked about in our December call. If those things don’t happen, I think the $2.77 holds up pretty darn close. So again as we look at the business today, I would caution everybody there is definitely risk in the assumptions. I ask you to contemplate through the assumption set that we talked about but it is illustrative of where I think the business is headed. Again we’ve got an awful lot of good things going on right now both in production and ramping towards production.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Mark Mondello: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Mark, can you help us think through a little bit the 2015 guidance range, particularly in context of the $2.77 that you mentioned here. If you ex out the Blackberry and the AMS business I still get, sort of based on the prior levels of businesses, north of $2 numbers. So given what you are implying in 2015, does it mean that your largest customer is not back to full run rate or are you assuming some lower level of ongoing revenue from that business and I have a follow-up.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Wamsi. Great question. So I think I don’t want to characterize our illustration our guidance is conservative. I think it’s very realistic. Let’s remember that we are coming off a year where we really took a hit hard on the decline of our DMS business. In addition to that we sold the AMS business which again I repeat, I think ends up being a great transaction for shareholders and then we end up with the disengagement of Blackberry. So if you think about the fact that it’s only been 90 days and then maybe a 120 days since a lot of this activity took place, we are running fast and running hard. The team has done a fabulous job. I will not want to have conversation with anybody inside the organization that’s just running around frantically trying to fill up assets with sub-optimal business. So the business that we’re seeing come back to load up different assets, whether it be the assets used for Blackberry or some of the other DMS assets is very well thought strategic business and some of that is also business that we anticipated over the long-term, based on certain product roadmaps. So when I think about all that, when I think about what we’ve been through, when I think about the fact that we went into fiscal year ‘14 with a revenue plan of about $19 billion to $19.2 billion and as we go into fiscal year ‘15 our revenue levels is going to be somewhat less. I would characterize our revenue as we sit today being in the $16 billion to $16.5 billion, $16.6 billion range something like that. We have infrastructure in our company in anticipation of the $19 billion business. When we disengaged with the Blackberry, when we realized we’re going to sell AMS and when we got the news around the DMS business we certainly have been working diligently to remove some of the structural cost but fundamentally I’m choosing to run the company with a little higher degree of structural cost because I think that’s the best to do longer term for the business and that’s providing a decent amount of disconnect for your question. So we’ll see what happens over the next couple of quarters and we hope in the June call and potentially the September call to give you some better clarity on the outlook for ‘15.
Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks Mark, that’s helpful. As a follow-up, you mentioned incremental expenses, including automation for production process, some direct labor and prototyping engineering et cetera. And I’m here in Taiwan right now and I’m talking to some of your competitors who are adding C&C capacity at a pretty frantic pace, what are your assumptions around the utilization rates, as you go through with these ramps and more sustained longer term, because it seems like the industry is adding a lot of capacity on the automation side right now? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, I’m not going to comment on that Wamsi. I appreciate you being over in Taiwan and seeing some of this first hand and I would – I don’t know what you’re looking at or where are you at, but it certainly will give you first hand appreciation of the scale and the complexity. And I do think that’s one thing working in our favor. This stuff is really, really hard and it requires a decent amount of CapEx and it requires a lot of scale from an infrastructure and an engineering perspective. So from kind of a barrier to entry this stuff’s difficult. I, again I don’t know what products you’re looking at or what production. I wish our competitors the best of luck. This stuff’s really hard and we’re keeping our head down and we know the roadmap and the volume that we have to provide over the next couple of quarters. So we’ll continue to focus on what we need to do and hopefully we can do it really, really well. And specific to your question Wamsi, as far as our yield rates and ramp rates and all that stuff it’s highly, highly dependent on programs and products that it varies greatly.
Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot Mark.
Mark Mondello: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Thanks, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could just maybe talk a little bit of the cash flows going forward. If we were to look out at fiscal ‘15, would you expect the original ‘14 target of $650 million to $750 million of cash flow from operations to be achievable and secondly any further thoughts on use of proceeds from your sale of AMS and any thoughts on CapEx for next year? Thanks.
Mark Mondello: Thanks, Steve. I’ll take the AMS proceeds question and then turn the cash flow and CapEx question over to Forbes, although I think that’s going to be pretty opaque, because we have no intention at this point to give any discrete or finite information around cash flows or CapEx and the reason is not to be evasive, but we go through our budgeting process, this is a rarity for us to be giving this level of transparency in a March call for the next fiscal year. We don’t do our budgeting for FY’15 on a cash flow CapEx basis until the July timeframe. So I think it would be a little bit irresponsible for us to try to guess through that. We have enough visibility in the business going forward that we can give a personal indication on earnings and revenue and how that’s going to look but on the balance of it we’ve got a lot of work we have to do. On the proceeds from AMS we’ll make a decision, the good thing is we’re about a week away from closing that deal. I think the vast majority of that capital will kept in our balance sheet for a period of time and over the long-term I’d envision those proceeds being used for CapEx in the business, strategic CapEx and then we can decide if we’re going to give up a portion of that a relative modest portion for additional share buybacks. I characterize it this way, if we have the capital sitting on the balance sheet and there’s an opportunistic play for us to buyback additional shares where we think the shares are well below the intrinsic value of the company we may execute on that. Otherwise I’d like to kind of stamp on that and keep that capital as you move into FY’15. I do think that you can expect and again we’ll have conversations with our Board and what not in an appropriate fashion but every year we tend to do another tranche of buybacks and those buybacks tend to be in line with shares that we release around executive comp and you can expect that in FY’15. Anything above and beyond that we’ll have to kind of wait and see.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Thanks Mark. If I can just sneak in a quick follow-up, just in terms of the cash flow. I guess what I’m trying to get at is how much – whether you’re having a level of confidence that the cash flow from this business can return to where it has been in the past, especially since we’re having trouble understanding and I’m having trouble understanding how much of the cash flow hit is associated with some of these start-ups and when that’s going to sort of level out and we can look at sort of a normalized cash flow, thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah I think it’s fair to say that we can return to previous cash flow levels. There are multiple ramps occurring potentially between now and certainly into our first fiscal quarter which is on our November calendar timeframe this year but certainly if one looks at that midpoint of the gains range that Mark gave I think, that would certainly suggest that EBITDA levels are returning north of a $1 billion and the profit or cash I think that’s the reason why it will work in ‘15.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, maybe I can complement that with one comment too, as we’re looking to find what we think are intelligent pockets of reasonable growth a lot of those businesses they are just different than our historical businesses and I can tell you we don’t know we did it right, we certainly make plenty of mistakes but one of things we pay very close attention to is we’re not going to be out doing big pockets of development investments for returns that are kind of commensurate with legacy 2% EMS returns. So as I said in my prepared comments and again there will be some ebbs and flows to this, but any programs where we’re doing some upfront investment has to pass our hurdle rate inclusive of those upfront development cost and as from past conversations our weighted average cost per capital is 10% or 11% and we’re continuing to drive the company on an ROIC basis something north of 20, so all of these programs if you will fit squarely in that model.
Steven Fox – Cross Research: Great, thanks for the help.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Hey thank you very much. A question or two for Mark and then followed by Forbes for different questions. But Mark if I do my math right in [roll out] fiscal sales am I right that sales for fiscal ‘15 are in the neighborhood of say 16 to 16.5 and if so, I guess the big thing is your largest customer gave you a lot of challenges recently and it seems like that a long ways away to actually get firm orders from a customer like that. So I guess the question is what give you the confidence or do you actually have firm orders for fiscal ‘15 from the customer like that or are we potentially looking at hopes or desires and we could see some risk associated with that? And then for Forbes, a couple of questions, one is customers above 10% how many and what percent are segments? And what about debt covenants? Now that Jabil is not making money next quarter. So do you think it did beat the debt covenants or if you includes the sales and the gain in your debt covenant or is it like a trailing 12 months or 24 months with debt covenants or should we be mindful of anything there? Thank you.
Mark Mondello: Hi Jim I’ll go first and hand it over to Forbes. So I can assure you that we absolutely would not be providing clarity and color around FY ‘15 based on hopes and desire. So it is about roadmaps I don’t think we have a single customer today that across any of our portfolio which gives us firm demand. We certainly work out for road map and forecast and with all of our customers, that ebbs and flows but that’s kind of the process. So if we take all the information we have today whether it be in DMS or E&I and High Velocity we aggregate that up we risk adjust it and then we look at the activity that’s going on in the companies today combining that with the assumptions that I outlined in my prepared comments that’s how we frame out our outlook for FY ‘15.
Forbes Alexander: And Jim we had one 10% customer in the quarter and that’s within our DMS segment. And then with regards to your question around bank covenants or debt covenants yeah we do have. And that’s in our trailing twelve months debt-to-EBITDA covenant. So the company is in good shape. I think we executed on the trailing, it’s a little tick over two times and our covenant is at 3.5 times. And even they were guiding to suppress core operating income levels in the back half of this fiscal year we still expect to generate $160 million to $170 million of EBITDA in each of the next two quarters. So now as we exit the fiscal year we’ll be around of like 2.5 to 2.7 times is my estimate, so plenty of cover there and plenty of rumors as we move forward.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Great, and was my math right that total fiscal sales kind of 16 to 16.5 is where you roll everything up and then risk adjust it to?
Mark Mondello: Yeah that’s correct.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi – UBS Investment Bank: Hi thank you. Mark my first question was on the E&I segment. I mean the segment continues to remain somewhat challenged. I was wondering what’s your expectations and outlook, are there any plans to may be further right size and restructure that segment because it looks like operating income again that below 3% this quarter so love to get your thoughts around that.
Mark Mondello: Sure, that segment of our business is really, really well optimized the cost structure what I would kind of say is tight and right. The team is incredibly efficient. The issue around margins there is a very little to do. If you think about Jabil we’ve got about 13 different operating units that operate pretty much independently. We roll them up into the three sectors that we report. So we keep an eye on the cost structures and the independent overheads in each of those sectors. What E&I is suffering from right now is the additional absorption of the corporate cost. You can imagine in the back half of the year including Q2 we’ve got BlackBerry coming out we’ve got AMS coming out, the combination of both of those and then with the drastic fall in our DMS space it’s just corporate absorption. The business itself is running great and the team is superb.
Amitabh Passi – UBS Investment Bank: Okay that’s helpful. And then I guess you had a lot of moving parts. I am just wondering as we look over the next two, three, four quarters how should we be thinking about seasonality. Should we expect kind of sorts of the same season patterns we’ve seen in the past where you start to ramp in August and November tends to see a nice sequential uptake or could it even be better just given the fact that DMS is so depressed right now just any help you can give in terms of just the seasonal ebbs and flows?
Mark Mondello: Yeah, we are not going to talk about quarters but I would say that based on the fact that we are coming out of a trough, as we go Q3, Q4 and into Q1 the upstream there will be bigger than usual would be my guess and then as we get into fiscal year ‘15 I would see a pattern of similar seasonality that you’ve seen in the past although we continue to work hard and try to damp in that with continued diversification. The one thing that made me a little bit sad on your comment initially is I recognized the gyrations we’ve put you guys through in the last year, year and a half and I wish we hadn’t. I think we’ve made some great decisions for the long term of the business and we’ve made some good decisions both in the sale of AMS and some of the other decisions we’ve made with Blackberry and others and I do understand that we’ve made it complicated and hard to understand. Our goal is going forward to do our best to try to simplify that for you.
Amitabh Passi – UBS Investment Bank: I appreciate that and then maybe just one final one from me. Your largest customer was about 19% of sales. As you look at fiscal ‘15 do you expect your business to be more diversified with may be slightly less concentration or you are quite comfortable even with those relative concentration?
Mark Mondello: Hang on. Yeah, I think we’ll talk more about that as we get closer to the fiscal year.
Amitabh Passi – UBS Investment Bank: Okay, all right appreciate it.
Mark Mondello: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks most of the questions have been answered just may be a clarification. Did you say that the core operating income for fiscal ‘14 would be $30 million to $320 million? I just wanted to clarify that because if so it implies that Q4 op income would actually be flat to down versus Q3 assuming you come in at the midpoint of what you guided to for Q3. But I think you also said that it would be flat versus Q3.
Mark Mondello: Yeah Brian I think the math on that is just illustratively. I think what I said is the assumptions Forbes and I made for fiscal year ‘15 is we would deliver $300 million to $320 million of core up for FY ‘14 but that was adjusted for removal of AMS and Blackberry. So if you take AMS and Blackberry out of what we are actually going to do in fiscal year ‘14 as we sit today I think Q4 will be flat or up from fiscal Q3.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. So I think you also said it would be equal to Q2 that I just want to make sure I heard that right.
Mark Mondello: You heard that right.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay yeah. And then you give in a lot of detail on the outlook for fiscal ‘15 in terms of revenue of $16 billion plus. Just wanted to clarify that you are also suggesting the operating margins in each of your business segments, will they get to at least the low end of your long term targeted range. Is that kind of implied in your guidance? And then with respect to the restructuring benefit of 65 million are you assuming all of that close to the bottom line?
Mark Mondello: I would say that in our long term margin ranges, I don’t know that we’ll get to the bottom end of all the ranges early in the year, we’ll see. And it has nothing to do with the health of the business whatsoever. It has to do with what I talked about little bit earlier Brian which is we’ve got an executive structure and a corporate structure that was going to support $19 billion. We pealed a lot that cost out and that independent of that restructuring that we are doing. So we’ve reduced that and I don’t want to get your Coney and then start cutting too hard because we have other areas of our business and other opportunities. So if we don’t get to the low end of the ranges and again we’ll give more color on this as we get closer to the fiscal year, it won’t as I sit today it’s not expected to be because the business isn’t healthy, it’s expected because there might be 10, 20, 30 basis points based on additional overhead. If that turns out to be the case, you can expect and holds Forbes and I accountable for walking through and explaining that.
Forbes Alexander: And we do expect $65 million Brian of restructuring benefit to hit flows directly to the bottom line in ‘ 15.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just a final one. But I think the answer is no. Are there any changes in your thought process about the long-term profit model in return on capital of DMS and more specifically the material technology group, given the volatility you’ve seen in the business, the capital intensity, the competitive landscape changes that I think somebody had alluded to earlier on the call? Any changes at all to the long-term outlook and is this still a business that you plan to focus on growing longer term?
Mark Mondello: It’s a business that we’re focused on for sure Brian and I would say that in the Analyst meeting in Boston, we took the margin range for that down by 50 basis points I think 5% to 7%. We still feel good about that as a range and it’s still a business that we’re spending a lot of time focused on. So as we sit today it’s a business that continues to being encouraging to us.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot Mark.
Operator: Your next question…
Beth Walters: Operator, we have time for just one more call today.
Operator: Okay. Your last question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matt Sheerin – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes. Thanks for getting me in. So question Mark just on those incremental investments. I just want to clarify is that primarily targeted at your largest customer in that segment and is that largely related to cost of goods that will pressure our gross margin versus SG&A?
Mark Mondello: I won’t talk about who it’s for. We’ve got about a dozen different things going on, certainly our biggest customers playing in that and actually I would think about it the reciprocal of what you stated, which is there is different terms we have for all kinds of different programs. And to the extent if you think about my prepared comments which we’re talking about kind of costs all-in, exceeding our hurdle rate or at least meeting our hurdle rate. If I have a certain program where the terms are, I don’t need to worry about the cost or the customer covers those cost, then maybe that ends up dampening my margin a bit and maybe that ends up having an impact in production longer term as far as either COGS or pricing. If I have a program that’s complicated and we decide to make the investments then there needs to an appropriate margin return on that through the production life for the program to make sense. So we have all different models going off at the moment and again I would think of it as the more risk and/or development that we’re either participating in and/or paying for upfront, probably has better returns over the long term in production and the opposite is that it holds as well.
Matt Sheerin – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just lastly again on that E&I segment, I am little surprising at the miss considering that management found it fairly optimistic during the quarter on that business. Could you give us more color on exactly what you saw and you are guiding up sequentially or you are seeing some recovery in that business?
Mark Mondello: Yeah. Matt, no, you are right. We were surprised late in the quarter with some declines in demand levels that came through mid or late February, I remember our quarter ends is February. And again in my prepared remarks had talked about that our really an enterprise spending and we’re continue to see strength in terms of LTE and 4G and we do have some customer base there also. We are guiding up sequentially, you are absolutely correct, $50 million to $100 million, but I think majority of that is certainly based around the strength in LTE.
Matt Sheerin – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Mark Mondello: Okay.
Beth Walters: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. Our apologies to Deutsche Bank and Longbow Research. Promise you will get at the top of the list on our next earnings call, but thank you all for joining us today. We are available here throughout the rest of the evening and week for any follow-up calls that you have. Thank you again for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-12-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications & Investor Relations Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer and Director Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Jabil's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth A. Walters: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter of fiscal 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are our CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our first quarter press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we will cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2014 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance for the company and our longer-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of those risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with some opening remarks from Mark Mondello. We will then move on to our first fiscal quarter results and guidance on our second fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes Alexander. We will then open it up to questions from all call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join our call today. Before I begin, I'd like to thank all of our people here at Jabil. Thanks for their commitment and dedication. As communicated in today's press release, Jabil has decided to sell our Aftermarket Services business to iQor Holdings for $725 million. iQor is the premier global processing and technical support services company. As we think about the next 3 to 4 years, Jabil's strategy has management keenly focused on manufacturing. We look to expand our technical capabilities in an accelerated time frame, resulting in even better and greater diversification. Our AMS business, which today is heavily concentrated around depot repair for consumer electronics, should benefit tremendously from the complementary capabilities offered by iQor. The announcement of our intent to sell the AMS business reflects a diligent process, thoughtful, long-term planning and prudent negotiations. The end result is the selection of an exceptional buyer. My belief is this strategic decision is in the best interest of our AMS employees, our customers and, most certainly, in the best interest of our shareholders. The sale of this business illustrates management's willingness to capture value when the business is misaligned with our long-term corporate strategy or simply worth more under different ownership. I'd now like to take some time to recognize our AMS team for their contributions. The team created and expanded this remarkable business over the past 2 decades. They delivered $1.1 billion in revenue to Jabil during fiscal year 2013. They provided 14 years of healthy cash flows, and they did all of this while taking great care of their customers. I want to thank each and every member of the team. I wish them the very best. In addition to the anticipated sale of our AMS business, there have been 2 additional events which were unanticipated. Collectively, these 3 events will have a material impact to our fiscal year. The first unanticipated event was our disengagement with BlackBerry, which we announced during our earnings call in September. We moved swiftly, cut costs and mitigated potential liabilities, all while maintaining an excellent working relationship with our customer. As we sit today, it appears that we'll be firmly in the range of our previously announced restructuring, restructuring specifically related to this disengagement. The second unanticipated event is related to demand changes in a segment of our DMS business. The impact resulting from the shift in demand in and of itself is significant but assumed to be temporary. We're well-positioned with this customer, and our relationship is strong. We'll reallocate assets and resources to different revenue streams for the same customer over the next 2 to 3 quarters. In doing so, we believe it is in the best interest of the business to leave a portion of the existing cost structure in place. The fact that these 3 events have occurred nearly simultaneously has a significant impact to the absorption of our corporate cost structure, a multiplier effect, if you will. We simply cannot remove corporate costs fast enough to impact the next few quarters, nor would it be prudent to do so when considering the long-term outlook for the business. As I stated during our recent Analyst Meeting in Boston, not all of our businesses will deliver consistent results quarter-on-quarter or even year-on-year. My belief is these businesses will deliver appropriate financial returns over the long term. It's also worth mentioning that the key capabilities created within our DMS business, combined with our global scale, are the catalysts which provide us the opportunity to participate in higher growth markets, markets such as intelligent lifestyle products and wearable computing. Let me move on to other parts of our business. Our leadership team for Enterprise & Infrastructure continues to execute quite well, as seen by the 3% operating margin delivered in our first fiscal quarter. Overall, this business is well-diversified, and our customer relationships are in great shape. I'd characterize the outlook as stable and steady as we navigate a macro environment that suggests continued caution. In our High Velocity segment, we see signs of optimism. The team continues to bring forward innovative solutions while maintaining tight cost controls combined with exceptional execution. This recipe is delivering exciting new business opportunities, which will provide growth as we enter fiscal year '15. Last but certainly not least is our team in Clinton, Massachusetts. Nypro continues to prove why their brand is so valuable. I could not be happier with the progress that's being made. We formed an outstanding service offering and broadened our overall value proposition in the health care space. Our leadership team for packaging has an energy and passion second to none. Their long-term strategy is well thought and highly achievable, providing tremendous opportunities over the next 18 to 36 months, opportunities in a packaging market which arguably is $50 billion to $100 billion in size. Before I turn the call over to Forbes, I want to acknowledge that our guidance for Q2 is underwhelming and disappointing. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, we had multiple events occur within a very narrow band of time. In my opinion, Jabil's strategy is intact, and our long-term earnings power remains strong. We continue to maintain incredibly strong relationships with many of the most valuable and innovative brands in the world. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Thank you, Mark. I'd ask you to go back to Slide 3 of our earnings presentation. Net revenue for the first quarter was $4.6 billion, consistent on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $173 million or 3.7% of revenue. This compares to $170 million of GAAP operating income and revenues of $4.6 billion or 3.6% for the same period in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.57 during the quarter. GAAP earnings in the quarter included $21 million of restructuring charges, $8 million associated with the amortization of intangibles and a positive impact of $25 million of income, reflecting the reversal of some $40 million of performance-based stock compensation expense, this as a result of the determination investing metrics shall not be met and reflective of aligning compensation to company performance. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation, restructuring and related charges, was $177 million or 3.8% of revenue. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.51. Core earnings per share being negatively impacted by an increased tax rate at 26%, based upon the geographic mix of earnings during the quarter and expectations for the remainder of the fiscal year. If you now please turn to Slide 4 for some discussion on our segment. In the first quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 5% on a year-over-year basis, as a result of the inclusion of revenue associated with our recent Nypro acquisition. Revenue for this segment was approximately $2.3 billion, representing 50% of total company revenue. I would also like to note that our newly acquired Nypro business performed as we'd expected. Core operating income for the segment was 4.9% of revenue. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment decreased 6% on a year-over-year basis, reflective of the overall macro environment. Revenue was approximately $1.3 billion, representing 29% of total company revenue in the quarter. Core operating income for this segment was 3% of revenue. The High Velocity segment decreased 5% on a year-over-year basis, strength in printing and set-top boxes offsetting reduced handset volumes. Revenue was 1 point -- excuse me, revenue was $1 billion, representing approximately 21% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was 2.6% of revenue. I'd like to remind everyone that given the continued wind-down in our BlackBerry relationship, we expect the core operating margin on a go-forward basis in this segment to be negatively impacted. If you now please turn to Slide 5, reviewing some of our key balance sheet metrics. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $769 million. Debt levels declined $130 million in the quarter, while cash flow from operations was $118 million. Core EBITDA for the quarter was approximately $295 million or 6.4% of revenue, while core return on invested capital was 17%. We are off to a solid start with our cash flow from operations, positioning ourselves well for the remainder of the fiscal year. For the full fiscal year, we would anticipate free cash flows, defined as operational cash flows less capital expenditures, to be in the range of $400 million to $500 million. Our net capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $195 million, in line with my previous expectations. As I noted previously, our capital expenditures are front-end loaded this fiscal year. Capital expenditures for the balance of the year shall be muted, and total net expenditures for the full fiscal year are now expected to be approximately $250 million, at the low end of previously discussed ranges. I'd also like to note that our Board of Directors has approved the repurchase of up to $200 million of our stock over the next 12 months. And I'd just like to take a moment to update you with regards to our BlackBerry relationship. The wind-down of our BlackBerry relationship is moving forward in a positive and partnering manner, with significant progress made in mitigating and unwinding our working capital exposures. We expect to support BlackBerry through the first calendar quarter of 2014, and charges previously anticipated with this disengagement are expected to remain in the range of $35 million to $85 million. $15 million of these structuring charges associated primarily with reductions in force were recorded in the first fiscal quarter. Separate from these charges, we also incurred $6 million in the quarter associated with our broader manufacturing capacity realignment plan. For the second quarter, we expect total restructuring charges to be in the range of $25 million to $35 million. If you now please turn to Slide 7 and 8, where I'd like to discuss our second quarter guidance. As a result of the announced intent to sell our Aftermarket Services business, commencing with the second fiscal quarter, all activity and results associated with this business shall be reported as discontinued operations. In addition, we shall no longer be reporting the sectors of industrial and energy, health care and instrumentation or specialized services. These sectors will now be reported solely as Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. We shall continue to provide some general high-level commentary on each of the end markets we serve. All guidance we are providing in forward-looking discussion excludes any activity associated with the Aftermarket Services business. As a reminder, this business produced revenues in 2013 of approximately $1.1 billion and operated within the long-term range of our DMS operating margin profile. Guidance for the second quarter. We expect revenue on a year-over-year basis to decline approximately 17% to be in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $40 million to $80 million. Our core earnings per share will be in the range of $0.05 to $0.15 per diluted share, and our GAAP loss per share is expected to be in the range of $0.20 to $0.06 per diluted share, this based upon diluted share count of 209 million shares. Based upon the current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be in the range of 25% to 30% in the quarter. Turning to our segments and year-on-year performance. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to decline by 25%. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis. Finally, the High Velocity segment is expected to decline 25% in a year-over-year basis, reflecting the wind down of our BlackBerry relationship and typical seasonal declines in other end markets. In closing, I'd like to turn to Slide 9. Despite the reduction in our fiscal 2014 outlook, we still believe the targets we recently shared are achievable over a multi-year period. Jabil remains well-positioned, and our long-term strategic direction remains solid. With our broad base of capabilities, we have an opportunity to grow our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment at a rate of 8% to 12% while generating operating margins in the range of 5% to 7%. Enterprise & Infrastructure segment and High Velocity segment are growth opportunity in the range of 0% to 5%, while core operating income targets of 3% to 4% and 2% to 4%, respectively, are very achievable. Thank you. Operator, we can now open the call for questions.
Beth A. Walters: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You said a couple of times that there were multiple factors that hit you at the same time. So I'm curious, why are you doing this AMS transaction right now when there are so many other moving pieces? And I have a follow-up.
Mark T. Mondello: Wamsi, thanks. It's Mark. The issue for me is they're independent activities that happened to coalesce on us all at the same time. So it certainly wasn't planned this way and, hence, the near-term impact to the company. But I just strongly believe we've got a very good strategic path. This AMS sale has been in the works for quite some time. We've had a long-term strategy. I think I talked about it in my prepared comments. I want the management focused on manufacturing. What we do for a living is we build things, and we're going to continue to aggregate capabilities that are similar to what many of you saw when we were up in Boston at Nypro. And our AMS team has done a tremendous job. We've owned that business since 1999, 2000, and the team has done a tremendous job. But as we move forward, I have a belief that you can only focus on so many things, and I want our folks focused on building stuff. And I also think in the positioning of where the AMS business is today, I think for the employees, for the customers and whatnot, pairing this business up with the service offerings that iQor offers is really complementary. So I think in that deal, you kind of get 1 plus 1 might equal 3. And again, some of the issues that happened in the near term were unanticipated, and I didn't feel righteous in slowing down the process for the AMS sale. Again, that's been in the works for quite some time. So unbeknownst to us, everything would kind of collide under the business all at the same time.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up here on DMS, you mentioned that you would look to reorient some of the assets. But reorienting to me means that -- to a different program, that you will be a net share gainer on the other program. What gives you the confidence that will happen? And what time frame are you talking about in reorienting these assets?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. So I think I said in the prepared comments, it's a 2- to 3-quarter issue, and my confidence is based on the relationship we have with our customer. So again, I don't want to get into any more detail on that. I know that's very unsatisfying. But we're well-roadmapped and we have a good relationship with the customer, for which we could be redeploying the assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I'm trying to, I guess, bridge the gap from the EBIT generated this quarter to the midpoint of next quarter. If you could maybe walk me through -- it looks to be 3 discrete buckets. So the AMS sale that -- behind my back of the envelope math is maybe $20 million. But if you could talk about the BlackBerry impact in terms of the EBIT drag quarter-over-quarter and then also the DMS drag, the business falling off. And then I have a follow-up.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Shawn. So in very, very rough numbers, right, we -- let me round the number so I can do the math in my head. We posted $180 million for our fiscal Q1. We're guiding a center point of $60 million in fiscal Q2. So let's take your math on AMS being $20 million and then we still had better-than-expected BlackBerry revenue and earnings in Q1. So let's take some of that out and you're probably left with a number that's $85 million to $90 million, something like that, as far as the gap. And then you do some math on DMS margins on the demand decline that we talked about and I can't get into any details on that. But run some math on that, you end up with kind of a final delta. And the final delta that you're looking at is really a combination of cost structure inside of DMS and then corporate absorption. And I have a high degree of confidence that, again, all that will get right-sized in relatively short order.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: So you think within 2 to 3 quarters, you would be back to the same level of profitability within DMS?
Mark T. Mondello: I'm not going to speculate on that. But do I think -- overall, do I think the business in 2 to 3 quarters is in good shape? I do.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then my follow-up was, was this a decision by the customer changing or was there an execution issue?
Mark T. Mondello: There was absolutely no execution issue at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe I just don't understand the DMS issue. Was it a market share loss from your side or was it just the customer saying, "I want product that even you guys [ph] don't do and -- but just hang on for 3 more quarters when the new product comes out?" Will the used [ph] product be the Jabil manufacturers? Is that generally what happened? And if that's the case, maybe I don't understand, but why would you want to take $85 million, $90 million of quarterly losses for the next 2 to 3 quarters until some new thing comes out hopefully that will sell better?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, it's a great question. I'm not going to comment on what drove the demand, and again, I acknowledge that it's unsatisfying. I just -- we're -- as I said in my prepared comments, we have a couple of choices here. And one thing that Forbes and myself and the other parts of the management look at is, in looking after shareholders, as well as the business in general, we take a long-term view on things. And when I think about valuation over the long term, I think the decisions that we're currently making are pretty sound and pretty prudent for the business. So I just leave it at that.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. Maybe what I'm trying to think of [ph], is there a discussion where you say, "Customer A, you got to pay us some dollars for the fact that we're going to have $200 million plus of operating losses, given there's idle capacity for close to a year from now?" Is that a potential, you think, that could happen down the road or it is the way it is right now in terms of operating headwind you'll get in that segment?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. I don't want to talk about anything to do with specific customers at all, but in general, I think Jabil's had an excellent track record over the years of amending terms and conditions when the business dictates. And I think we've shown that over the years, most recently with our BlackBerry wind-down. And we've got great relationships with BlackBerry. But when we made the BlackBerry decision, I don't want to dwell on BlackBerry at all because I have a ton of respect for their company and their people and -- but when we made that decision, it was difficult. But we had a substantial liability at hand. BlackBerry has worked very, very well with us. And I look at the kind of amendment to terms and conditions based on business conditions in that example. And I said in my prepared statement that as we sit today, we believe the BlackBerry wind-down, which will happen this quarter, will be in the $35 million to $85 million range that Forbes had talked about as far as -- specific to BlackBerry restructure. That's an admirable illustration and indication of how we end up managing the businesses based on decisions that have to be made. So my belief is, is that with any of our businesses, if they dictate changes to terms and conditions or the way in which we work with our customers, we'll move in that direction.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. If I just follow-up, I think in the AMS divestment press release, you guys talked about the divestment proceeds will be used for potentially more engineering-intensive capabilities and acquisitions. Could you maybe -- I mean, when you get -- when you have the cash flow this year, plus the cash flow from the AMS sale, you obviously need a $200 million buyback. Is the focus beyond this to do more M&A activity like Nypro? Or is it more to return capital back to shareholders as you go forward?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. So I think this topic came up at the Analyst Meeting, and I forget what my exact response was. But for me just restating it, I think the best use of our capital is organic growth in the business. It's the least risky. It sets a great platform for growth. And when I think about valuation and long-term viability, again, I love nothing more than to look at outstanding business plans by one of our divisions and take capital and reinvest it back in the business. Secondarily, to your point, acquisitions, much like we did with Nypro, are of keen interest to us. Again, selling AMS -- AMS was a tremendous business for us, but I want our team focused on building stuff. I want our focused -- I want our team focused on manufacturing. And as we look forward, the AMS business just didn't quite fit that. So my guess is, is Forbes announced the buyback in his prepared comments. For now, that seems very reasonable to us. Let's see how things settle out with BlackBerry. Let's see how things look for the year. There's potential we could increase that, but let's take it as $200 million of share buyback for now. And we also have some other ideas in the pipeline as far as some strategic ideas, as well as adding different capabilities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark and Forbes, if I understand your commentary correctly, it sounds like the negative operating leverage from the wind-down of the different parts that are going on with your company and the excess utilization or the underutilization of being able to spread the fixed costs at the EPS run rate is probably going to be somewhat closer to the guidance, say, for the next 1 to 2 to 3 quarters. Is that correct? Or is there something really hurting it this quarter, then [ph] your following quarter out, we should expect a material increase like in the May quarter for earnings?
Mark T. Mondello: Jim, I don't think -- I don't know that I'd think about a material increase. I would think about if we had -- first off, I would be very cautious in how you handicap the balance of the year. As I mentioned and Forbes mentioned, we have a lot of moving pieces. The structure of the company is great. I love our strategy. I like where we're going. I'd just be -- I'd be cautious in the back half of the year. I think if you extrapolate it out, Q2, with some level of modest growth, that's probably reasonable. And I look forward to giving you more clarity on that during our March call.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And so strategically, big picture, Mark, I believe it's probably pretty prudent then to say earnings growth for this year is just too aggressive for people to expect. You'd be more looking at this is a transition year for Jabil and look for potential positive earnings growth in 2015. Is that a fair assessment?
Mark T. Mondello: That's fair. I mean, I hate it because I feel like we have a job to do in delivering for shareholders, but that's the reality. And again, I also don't want anybody to take our comments that we're being -- we are actively assessing the situations that are placed on us. We are balancing -- I think the team is doing an exceptional job of balancing the next couple of quarters with the long-term structure of the company. And I think that we'll have better color on that by the March call. And I feel like we'll do a reasonably good job of taking out as much cost as we can take out. And the current data that you have in front of you suggests that, that's our plan. But again, we'll provide, I think, better color on that in the March call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Guys, I was just curious. DMS margins missed again this quarter. Was it things starting to show [ph] in the back half that affected the performance? I would like to get some color on that. And then what gives you the confidence you can actually grow DMS back in the 8% to 12% range?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Let me take that one. So our DMS -- if I stop with the revenue in DMS in Q1, I think we guided some growth of about 7%. We came in at 5%. It's just a hair underneath. And the operating performance was relatively consistent with last quarter. So there was -- we're reasonably pleased with that, just given the demand environment that we saw and just coming a little bit light there in overall. What gives us confidence that we can get this back into the range of 5% to 7% longer-term? It's really our capabilities, the way we -- our relationships with our customer base here and really some of the exceptional work that's underway with our Nypro team. So we'll -- once we start to see revenue growth coming back here and, as Mark said, reposition the asset base over the next 2 to 3 quarters, we are very comfortable that we'll start moving solidly back into the range of 5% to 7%. It's a matter of 2 or 3 quarters, and we feel very comfortable with our customer relationships, opportunity to get there.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then maybe just as a follow-up. The issue with your customer within DMS, I mean, was it just you guys were overly exposed to a particular program? And how do you mitigate that risk as you move forward? Is there active conversations to try to diversify exposure across multiple programs? I would just like to get some incremental insight there.
Mark T. Mondello: Amitabh, I think that's a great question. You look at it on the surface and you go, "Geez, what's going on?" And it comes down to the cost structure that we had in place. And again, I feel very good about the customer relationship, I feel very good about our performance, I feel very good about how they feel about Jabil. And it was really about -- it's really about the cost structure we had in place, and I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just a couple of questions for me. I was wondering if you could just sort of -- obviously, the volume assumptions have changed a little bit. But relative to what you guys had talked about last quarter in terms of restructuring savings, helping earnings by $0.11 to $0.15 and Nypro helping by, I believe, $0.16 to $0.22 and the BlackBerry drag of $0.28 to $0.34, in a vacuum, are all those numbers still intact? Or has that changed under some of the things going forward? And then I have a follow-up.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Let me take that. It's Forbes. No, those are very much intact. We are very pleased. As I said, Nypro is on track, great team there. And earnings will be in that range that we talked about. Remember, we just got 1 quarter under our belt, but yes, so far, so good. In terms of overall restructuring plan, yes, those will deliver. We talked about complementary to the EPS range, $40 million of savings in this fiscal year. That's still on track. A lot of that heavy lifting, if you will, underway currently and as we move into the beginning of the calendar year. But certainly, nothing has changed in that regard. And I think the last point you mentioned was the BlackBerry piece, certainly solidly in the range, $35 million to $85 million. So no material change in any of those items. As Mark said, the conversation [ph] is focused around under-absorption of corporate overhead with a demand drop and a cost base in place to support higher volumes.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Great. And then just as a follow-up, if I look at the DMS guidance for this quarter of down 25% year-over-year, I understand you don't want to talk about any customers, but can you help us just to make sure we're backing out the correct amount for the benefit from adding Nypro versus a year ago and then the divestiture of AMS? Is it as simple as just dividing by the floor -- dividing by -- the annual revenues by floor? Or is there some seasonality we should also think about to try and understand your organic growth?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes. There's not really much seasonality. I think directionally, if you divide by 4, you're pretty much there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I guess just to follow-up on Steve's question, just to make sure we're on the same page, if we add back the AMS revenue to your DMS guidance of down 25%, you're still down double digits year-over-year, and that's with the benefit of Nypro. So if we look at it organically and add back AMS, it looks like you're down somewhere around 25%, and I just want to make sure we're kind of in the right ballpark.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes. That's correct, Brian.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so -- I guess what I'm still struggling with is why this surprised you. You've talked about having a strong partnership with this customer. You've talked historically about having a pretty long lead time and good visibility into product cycles. And I think you've been putting a lot of CapEx into this customer in the last few quarters. So I realize you don't want to get too specific, but again, it's not clear what exactly is happening here, whether it's market share-related and just why you were caught off guard in such a short period of time.
Mark T. Mondello: Brian, it's Mark. A fair question. I don't -- we have a good relationship, we've got good visibility on roadmaps and we've got decent diversification. We -- again, we had a fairly substantial cost base in place. Some of that cost base is not transferable immediately. And why were we caught off guard? I just -- I can't comment on that. I just -- again, I'd like to, but I need to be sensitive, and I can't comment on that.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And so when do you think the earliest you can be back within that longer-term 5% to 7% range? It doesn't sound like that's in the cards for any quarter in fiscal '14. I mean, what would be the earliest quarter you think that you could actually be back above the low end of that range?
Mark T. Mondello: Brian, I'd like to -- I'd like you to hold me to that in our March call. Let us work through what we're working through. Let us get some costs realigned. Let us get the AMS sale. The AMS deal is supposed to close March 1, and BlackBerry will be wound down. So hold me to that in the March call.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, I will. And final question just maybe for Forbes. I think you lowered your free cash flow target for the year by about $250 million. You lowered your CapEx actually by $50 million. So that implies you're lowering your operating cash flow by $300 million. Should we assume that, that $300 million is all coming from reduced core net income? And if that's the case, that would put your core EPS at about $1 in fiscal '14. So I know you didn't provide a formal update on your core EPS outlook, but is that kind of in the ballpark of what you're thinking for the year?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: I'm not going to comment on the year, Brian. As we said, operating cash flow in the $400 million to $500 million range. I would remind you, obviously, we've got an AMS divestiture here, so that obviously carries an element of core operating income that leads the company for 3 quarters, given that we will be reporting that as discontinued operations. So there's certainly an impact from the Aftermarket Services area, but I'm not going to comment on any EPS for fiscal '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: For my first question, can you help us think about the implications to your margin profile as you move more into manufacturing as opposed to services? I understand that there's different margin guidance between your different segments and some of the manufacturing segments, and E&I and HVS have lower margins. So is there some sort of implication that your margins are going to be lower as you focus more on manufacturing?
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Mark, for the question. This is Mark. I don't think so at all. I think if you -- one way to think about our business is in very, very rough levels. I think Forbes, during his prepared comments, talked about kind of an endorsement of our growth ranges and our op income ranges for the 3 segments for which we report. If you think about the business being 50% to 60% DMS longer-term and then 40% Enterprise & Infrastructure and High Velocity maybe equally split, something like that, maybe Enterprise & Infrastructure a little bit greater over time, is -- and you run the weighted average math on that, I feel very comfortable that, that's the margins and the margin structure long-term for the company. I think that what we'll be doing in expanding in the manufacturing side, we'll be, again, growing share in the 3 sectors -- or the 3 segments that we report today. And I would envision that in not the too distant future that we would be adding some additional reporting segments or at least adding some additional divisions up under these segments. And again, I think they support the margin structure that Forbes talked about.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. For my follow-up question, as you guys are in the process of redeploying assets from some large handset programs, is there anything that you've learned that you can do in order to maintain your returns over multiple quarters because of the volatility that's associated with some of these higher velocity programs?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes. I'm sure there's stuff we've learned, and I just -- I don't want to get into it on the call. I mean, again, some of it has to do with the customer and -- overall, again, it's disappointing that we're taking you down this path for Q2 and potentially a couple of other quarters. But overall, what I'd say in the light of some tough news is, historically, we continue to do a nice job managing our business and the ebbs and flows. And I think this will be a case, looking back on it, where we proved that we're able to do the same thing here.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Beth A. Walters: Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us on the call today. And we will be available the rest of the week, as usual, for any investor calls and follow-ups that you have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-09-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications & Investor Relations Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Jabil's Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth A. Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 Earnings Call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter and fiscal year press release, slides and corresponding webcast links are also available on our website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2014 net revenue and earnings results, the financial performance of the company and our long-term outlook for the company. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2012, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with our fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year results and guidance on our first fiscal quarter of 2014 from Forbes Alexander. Mark has also prepared comments on our performance and his outlook for the business. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon. Please refer to Slide 3 for a review of the quarter. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $4.8 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $88.4 million or 1.8% of revenue. This compares to $144.3 million of GAAP operating income on revenues of $4.3 billion or 3.3% for the same period in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.61 during the quarter. GAAP earnings during the quarter were impacted by restructuring charges of $61 million as we discussed last quarter and approximately $104 million benefit due to a onetime tax benefit associated with our acquisition of Nypro. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring, impairment charges, acquisition cost and purchase accounting adjustments, increased 4% year-over-year to $181 million and represents 3.8% of revenue. This compares to $175 million or 4% for the same period in the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.56, an increase of 5% over the prior year. Now I'll ask you to turn to Slide 4. The fiscal 2013 net revenue was $18.3 billion, an increase of 7% year-over-year. GAAP operating income decreased 18% to $511 million, representing 2.8% of revenue. This compares to $622 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $17.2 billion and 3.6% of revenue in fiscal 2012. Diluted earnings per share was $1.79. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring, impairment charges, acquisition cost and purchase price accounting adjustments, decreased 2.1% to $721 million and represents 3.9% of revenue. This compares to $736 million or 4.3% for the same period in the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share for the year was $2.26. Now I'll ask you to turn to Slide 5, where I'll discuss our fourth quarter segments. In the fourth quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 11% on a year-over-year basis, driven by strength in Specialized Services as well as the inclusion of 2 months of Nypro revenue. Revenue for the segment was approximately $2.1 billion, representing 44% of total company revenue. Core operating income was 4.9% of revenue. Operating performance in the quarter was impacted by cost overruns associated with ramping programs during the quarter. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment increased 3% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.4 billion and represented 29% of total company revenue in the quarter. Core operating income for the segment was 3.3% of revenue, an improvement of 100 basis points sequentially. We're pleased with the operating performance in the quarter. The benefits of lean activity, efficiency and effectiveness of our business model are bearing fruit. We're well positioned to see this segment perform at or above 3% through fiscal 2014. High Velocity segment increased 21% on a year-over-year basis, driven by strength in handset volumes. Revenue was $1.3 billion, representing 27% of total company revenue in the quarter. Core operating income for this segment was 2.5% of revenue, a decrease of 90 basis points on a sequential basis as a result of higher levels of handset revenues than anticipated. I'll ask you to refer to Slide 6, where I'll discuss our segments on a yearly basis. In fiscal 2013, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 9%. Revenue was approximately $8.2 billion, representing 45% of total company revenue. Core operating income was 5.4% for the year. Enterprise & Infrastructure segment also increased 9% in fiscal 2013. Revenue was approximately $5.5 billion, representing 30% of total company revenue. Core operating income was 2.7% for the full year. Our High Velocity segment remained relatively consistent to last year. Revenue was approximately $4.6 billion, representing 25% of total company revenue. Our core operating income was 2.9% for the full year. For the fiscal year, we had 2 10% customers: Apple with 19%; and Blackberry, 12%. I'll now ask you to refer to Slide 7 where I'll review our cash and return metrics. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $1 billion. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was approximately $404 million. Our core EBITDA for the fiscal year was approximately $1.1 billion, representing 6.1% of revenue, while our core return on invested capital was 21%. We're extremely pleased with our operating cash flow generation during the year, which totaled $1.2 billion. Our net capital expenditures during the year -- excuse me, during the quarter were approximately $280 million and $720 million for the full fiscal year, in line with previous expectations. For the year, we repurchased approximately 7.3 million shares, totaling $129 million and paid dividends of $67 million. Please now turn to Slide 8. On our last earnings call, we detailed plans to reduce the level of structural costs within the company. And today, I'd like to provide you an update on our progress. In fiscal 2013, we incurred approximately $89 million in charges, as we expected. In fiscal year 2014, we anticipate restructuring charges, as part of this plan, to be in the range of $70 million to $90 million and the balance in 2015. The expectation remains that the cash portion of this restructuring activity is estimated to be $140 million, and the majority of this cash shall be disbursed during the course of fiscal 2014. As a reminder, these actions intend to realign our manufacturing capacity and cost base to appropriately size our manufacturing footprint with market conditions and our customers' geographic requirements. Such realignment of capacity is estimated to provide a range of savings of $30 million to $40 million in fiscal 2014 and an estimated $65 million in fiscal 2015, based upon our current estimates of timings of such actions. As a result of the abrupt revenue declines we're experiencing, we're currently in process of working through plans to rightsize our organization. Our current best estimate is that we shall incur charges in the range of $35 million to $85 million during the course of fiscal 2014. Now I'll ask you to refer to Slides 10 and 11, where I'll discuss our forward-looking guidance for the first quarter of 2014. We expect revenue in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis to decline approximately 3% to within the range of $4.35 billion to $4.65 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $195 million, and core operating margin in the range of 3.8% to 4.2%. Our core earnings per share will be in the range of $0.50 to $0.60 per diluted share, and GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.25 to $0.35 per diluted share. This based upon a diluted share count of 209 million shares. Based upon the current estimates of production, our tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 22% for the quarter and the full year. Turning to our segments and the year-on-year performance, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase by 7%. Enterprise & Infrastructure segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis. And finally, our High Velocity segment is expected to decline 25% on a year-over-year basis or $500 million sequentially. This decline is associated with our handset customers in this segment. I'd anticipate, based on current estimates of cash flows from operations in fiscal 2014 to be $1 billion. Our capital expenditures in the fiscal year are expected to moderate and be in the range of $250 million to $350 million. I'd now like to hand the call over to Mark Mondello.
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Forbes. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you taking time to join our call today. I'd like to start by thanking all of our people here at Jabil. I'm proud to work with the team that is obsessed with taking great care of our customers while working so hard to deliver for our shareholders. As I reflect on the past year, there are plenty of challenges, but these challenges were balanced with a few areas of exceptional performance. During fiscal year '13, our team delivered record revenues of $18.3 billion, generated more than $1 billion in operational cash flows, and achieved a core return on invested capital of 21%, approximately 10 percentage points above our weighted average cost of capital. I'll highlight these accomplishments for 2 reasons. One, I appreciate the effort and hard work required by our team to deliver these results. Two, growth, return on invested capital and cash flows are areas of focus for management. We carry a strong belief that these specific drivers, combined with unwavering discipline around margins, will provide long-term value for our shareholders. Another important accomplishment during the fiscal year was our Net Promoter Scores. Net Promoter Scores are a reliable, straightforward metric embedded in our business, which accurately gauges the health of our customer relationships. During the year, our Net Promoter Scores improved across the entire company. This is great news. My expectation is that we will see this trend continue throughout FY '14. I'm also quite satisfied with our deployment of capital during the fiscal year. We returned roughly $200 million to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. In addition, we continue to invest capital back into the business, both organically and acquisitively. When I consider organic capital allocations, the one change I would've made if I could hit the rewind button is the timing of our investment in Chengdu, China. We were premature in expanding our production square footage in this location. With that said, Chengdu remains a strategic site for Jabil and will come online in mid to late fiscal year '14. As per deploying capital acquisitively, I could not be happier with our acquisition of Nypro. The Nypro team officially joined Jabil on July 1. As we talked about before, we have a tremendous platform for expansion in areas of health care and consumer packaging, as well as expanding mechanics capability for our High Velocity customers. Nypro not only advances our capability but offers clear access to end markets, which offers stable, long-term earnings potential. Now I'd like to address our challenges. During prior calls, I stated that FY '13 was a difficult year from an earnings perspective. My wish is that we would've delivered better earnings for our shareholders during the fiscal year. During the year, the macro economy offered a recovery, but the recovery was weak and un-fulfilling. In addition, we could have done a better job with execution in certain pockets of our business. We will push ourselves harder and continue to drive improvement as we press forward into the new fiscal year. At this time, I ask that you please reference Slide 13 in the formal presentation. During our June call, I shared an illustrated path to $2.77 a share in core EPS for FY '14. We took what we thought at the time was a conservative approach as we modeled the fiscal year. Our model was based on market conditions, shift in market share in the handset space and the overall landscape at that point in time. The result was a confident management team, confident that we would deliver the $2.77 a share in core EPS. Unfortunately, as we sit today, we'll not deliver the $2.77 a share. We are faced with a strong possibility of disengaging with BlackBerry. BlackBerry is our second largest customer overall and our largest customer within our High Velocity sector. Our team has worked diligently over the past few days to comprehend the recently announced changes. Detailed plans and discussions are underway with our customer. Timelines are fluid, but directionally, we have a path, a path that we believe is prudent and in the best interest of our shareholders, a path that also supports the needs of BlackBerry. We plan to take a restructuring charge, move swiftly and decisively and mitigate the impact to FY '14 as best we can. Our best estimate of the impact resulting from this decision will be $0.28 to $0.34 of core EPS. This results in the range of $2.36 to $2.60 for core earnings per share or a midpoint of $2.48 a share. I'm disappointed. I truly believe we would've delivered $2.77 a share in FY '14 as nothing else materially changed in our business from 90 days ago. Taking a decision to part ways with a customer is never easy and comes with varying degrees of tactical difficulty. BlackBerry has Jabil's full support during this transition. We will do whatever we can to help our customer and meet their needs, all while protecting the interest of our shareholders. BlackBerry has been a great partner over the past 6 to 7 years, and we believe that they will offer their typical, high-integrity cooperation as we navigate this probable disengagement in the coming months. Although this news is not good, there are few positives worth mentioning. We have developed some outstanding capabilities from this relationship. I believe we will generate roughly $1 billion in operational cash flows in FY '14. Our free cash flows in FY '14 will be strong, which has us looking at increasing our share buyback during the fiscal year. We have a very real opportunity to grow our core earnings per share by 10% year-on-year. I also anticipate record core operating profit for FY '14 in terms of absolute dollars. The core foundation of our company remains solid. I'm appropriately cautious in offering these comments, based on variables outside of our control. Forbes and I will narrow the range around core EPS for FY '14 as we progress through the fiscal year. I'd like to wrap up my prepared comments by extending an invitation to attend our Analyst Day, currently planned for Wednesday, October 30, in Massachusetts. Formal invitations will be sent out this week. We will provide a longer-term view of where we're headed and offer an overview of our newly formed organizational structure, a structure that provides an optimal foundation for the business that lies ahead. We plan to spend a half day in Boston conducting formal discussions and a half day in Clinton, where you'll get to know our leadership team which oversees Nypro. It will be busy, but a fun and informative day. As I stated here in our June call, I am blessed with an outstanding leadership team, a team with tons of experience, a team that will successfully execute and navigate us through this difficult moment in time. I remain bullish in the long-term outlook for Jabil. We have so many opportunities to apply our capabilities, leverage our global experience and offer our diverse knowledge to a number of end markets. In closing, I look forward to seeing many of you when we get together on October 30. Thank you.
Beth A. Walters: Operator, before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to remind our call participants that in customary fashion, we cannot address any customer- or product-specific question. Thank you for your cooperation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just questions around some of the quantitative impact on your results from BlackBerry. So the $0.28 to $0.34 is -- seems like it's a hit to core operating income. Can you talk about the exact drivers there, how much from sales versus how much excess overhead you still have from ongoing operations? And then secondly, can you talk about the charges, exactly what that will be tied to, how much related to fixed assets versus, say, maybe headcount reduction?
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Steven. Let me take the first question and let Forbes talk a little bit about the charges. So to frame this out, when we sat 90 days ago, we were having a good year with BlackBerry. And again, I'll emphasize, BlackBerry has been a great customer. We typically don't talk about specific customers. But again, because of the impact to the company, we felt it important. As we look forward in setting the FY '14 models, we de-rated the BlackBerry numbers, just based on the overall environment and where we felt would be a very conservative estimate. That obviously appeared to be not conservative enough with what's taking place. So the core impact is a combination of loss of income as well as the infrastructure we have in place for BlackBerry. Again, we've been a customer -- or a supplier to them for 6, 7 years, and we have a substantial amount of infrastructure in place. So the infrastructure is a combination of depreciation. We're going to -- we're in discussions right now on how we're going to wind down the relationship. And depending on the timing of that, we'll end up with individual or employee resources to deal with. Some of that will be captive or captured in the charges. And then we have depreciation that we won't be able to redeploy immediately. Most of the assets for BlackBerry are fungible. So we'll be able to move them around, but that will take a little bit of time. And then we just have an overhead structure for a relationship of this magnitude, and it will take us time to figure out how to redeploy that and/or get rid of some of those resources. So again, the bar we showed on Slide 13, I believe that's a reasonable to slightly conservative look. If you can imagine, we've acted on this in the last few days, and we felt it was important to communicate to the investor community where our thoughts were at. And with that, I'll turn it over to Forbes and he can talk a little bit about the charges.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes. The range of charge is $35 million to $85 million. As Mark said, we were active in the last few days to the lease activity with BlackBerry. That's quite a broad range. And at the center point of that range, a kind of expectation that would be primarily costs associated with reductions in force. As you can imagine, it's a very large scale relationship, about [ph] the same customer last year. And that takes many thousands of people to support relations for that size. So certainly, the midpoint -- the majority of those costs are associated with reductions in force. And as Mark said, it's early right now, but I believe I've been relatively conservative in the range that we've given there in terms of those charges. As regards to timing of that, much will depend on our negotiations and discussions with the customer in the coming weeks and months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Mark, just on the slide where you have an EPS progression and your initial take or initial stab at fiscal '14, any help you can give us in terms of how you're thinking about the top line? It looks like BlackBerry could be a $2 billion drag, but then Nypro probably adds $1 billion. And I'm just curious how you're thinking about your underlying business growth as we look at fiscal '14?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, we anticipated somebody asking the question, and we're just not in the position to talk about revenue right now. I feel good about the chart. I feel good about the EPS. I don't want to get into margin or revenue at this point in time. I would say directionally, you're probably accurate on Nypro and you're probably a little bit high in BlackBerry. So I'll just leave it at that, and we may choose to have a little bit more color around this during our Analyst Day at the end of October.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe a quick follow-up for Forbes. Forbes, how should we think about DMS margins going into the November quarter? I mean, do we think we can hit a 5 handle? Just any help you can give us there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: In terms of the DMS area?
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, I would certainly -- I think we'd hit a 5 handle. I remind you, in the fourth quarter, we had about $150 million of Nypro revenue essentially at breakeven in terms of margin. So I certainly expect Nypro to contribute nicely in the quarter and certainly, we would be well into the 5 handles during the course of the fiscal quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions for me. One, maybe just on the DMS side. Margin was down 70 basis points year-over-year. I think maybe half of that or 40 basis points is, to your point, Nypro being breakeven. Could you just talk about what led to the rest of the decline? Was it the cost overruns that you talked about? And maybe if you could quantify that and talk about how you recover that cost inefficiency, if you may, as you go forward?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, I think your math is correct. I think we ended up printing a 4.9% margin on DMS. If you take Nypro out, as we talked about in our third quarter call, that was bringing Nypro into the company. It was a bit of some empty revenue. And if you take Nypro out and kind of normalize the margins, I think you end up at 5.2% or 5.3%. So we were 20, 30 basis points off the bottom end of our range, and that was around some cost overruns. We talked the last couple of calls about Q3 and Q4 being some fairly extensive product ramps, and I believe it has -- that's what it was associated for and we don't expect a repeat of that in Q1.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. So you should be able to pick up that entire 70 basis points drag in the November quarter then, right? Nypro gets to better performance and the cost overruns don't exist. Is that fair?
Mark T. Mondello: I think I would echo what Forbes said, which I have a strong belief that DMS margins will have -- be a 5 handle in Q1, and I believe we'll be back to the bottom end of our overall DMS range.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. And then in the fiscal '14 road map, you guys obviously are providing the headwinds you're going to have with one of your customers. How much of that is baked into your November quarter guide of $0.55 as the midpoint, which seems like it's $0.10 below what most of us were modeling. Maybe some help on what sort of headwinds are you seeing in the November quarter specifically from High Velocity, I guess.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, there's clearly some headwinds, and we're right in the middle of those discussions with the customer and looking at our schedules. But my guess would be somewhere in $0.04, $0.05, $0.06 type range, just given what I know today, just given what we've undertaken and used over the last 4 or 5 business days here. So a little bit tough to tell, but it's that type of magnitude.
Mark T. Mondello: I think Forbes is being really generous through this transparency, and I think that's good. It's just if you can imagine, there's a lot of moving pieces, and we're working it real time really hard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Sheerin with Stifel.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I want to just change the subject a little bit to the E&I segment. Your revenue was in line with expectations, up nicely year-over-year. But you're guiding kind of flattish year-over-year, so a little bit slower there. Could you talk about the puts and takes that you're seeing and also the pipeline within the customer sector?
Mark T. Mondello: Matt, in that whole comment, no acknowledgment of the 3.3% margins for Q4? Come on.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That was my follow-up.
Mark T. Mondello: Come on. Throw us a little bit of bone. Lead with a good news. Yes, we're -- we've said this before and we sound a little bit like broken records, but we're really blessed with serving phenomenal brands in that area. And I think our service offering is outstanding. I would -- I think we're doing all of the right things. The team is certainly doing a number of really good things as far as optimizing costs. And I just feel really good about our E&I business. And as we look one quarter out, you're right, the top line is -- we're guiding essentially flat. So -- but I feel good about the diversification we have there, and I feel good about the brands that we serve.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And back to the High Velocity, so x your big handset customer, could you talk about what that business looks like, what you're seeing sequentially? And given the experience that you've had in handsets, is that a business that you want to stay in, in terms of High Velocity assembly business on the handset side?
Mark T. Mondello: I'm not sure I understand the first part of your question.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well, the -- okay. So x the BlackBerry, what does that business look like in terms of seasonality with your other customers?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Matt, it's Forbes. The balance of the business there, there's not a lot of seasonality. I remind you, in the balance of that High Velocity business, set-top boxes, printing, some level of automotive and some point-of-sale in there. So not a lot of what I call straight consumer spend with seasonality in the business. So we'd expect that revenue stream, the $750 million to $800 million in the quarter materially down sequentially. As I said in my prepared remarks, about $0.5 billion of handset revenue coming out. So that's very significant in terms of the operating performance as we look into Q1 of that segment. So overall, in summary, not much seasonality. The business is stable. Relationships are good. And we're pleased with our capability in High Velocity and look forward to applying that capability across a number of customers and industries.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then relative to handsets going forward, is that something you'd still want to look at in terms of opportunities?
Mark T. Mondello: I think we'll take a look at it. I think our main focus around that market will be in -- it will be in coatings, metals, plastics and mechanics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: If I look at the $0.30 or so of earnings decline related to BlackBerry, and I know there's a lot of moving parts, but I just want -- does that assume no revenue from that customer in fiscal '14? Because it looks like a lot of lost income. If I convert that to operating income, it's over $80 million, which is almost a 4% margin if you assume all of the $2 billion in revenue goes away, and that's the higher margin than we would have assumed for that business historically. I know there's some negative leverage there, but I just wanted to get a sense. Are you assuming all the revenue goes away when you talk about a $0.30 decline?
Mark T. Mondello: Brian, it's Mark. We haven't gotten through that yet for modeling purposes. We were conservative. We felt like that was an appropriate communication at this point with what we know. The -- so we don't know what the revenue is going to be. We modeled conservative revenue. I wouldn't say it's 0 for the fiscal year, but it's small. And I would tell you that the red bar on Slide 13 is a combination of lost income as well as the deleveraging of some significant scale in assets and a whole bunch of deleveraging in people.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just referring back to the EPS waterfall, you didn't change your organic growth assumption of $0.11 to $0.31, which at the midpoint is about 10% growth in the core business. Yet, if I look at your guidance for Q1, it doesn't look like your core EPS is growing at all, if I try to back out BlackBerry and Nypro. So I'm just trying to understand why wouldn't the organic assumptions have changed from last quarter when you gave the $0.11 to $0.31, especially given your DMS performance looks to be below expectations, you're running below your 5.5% to 7% margin goal.
Mark T. Mondello: Good question. I don't know that we're -- we had a -- our Q4 results were below the 5.5% to 7%. I don't think that will be the case in Q1. And it's hard to extrapolate, although I understand that's all the information we gave you, a quarter of guidance to kind of extrapolate out what's going to happen throughout the year. We feel -- I guess I'd leave it as we feel good about the organic growth bar that we have on the chart. And again, if you take a look at what we've said for Q1 and figure out what our models might need to look like in Q2 through Q4, there's a very reasonable assumption set that kind of grounds that bar on the chart.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then just a final clarification, why wouldn't the restructuring benefits have increased from last quarter if you're taking another round of restructuring actions of $35 million to $85 million? I just thought maybe the savings would go up in fiscal '14 as a result.
Mark T. Mondello: I think the -- Brian, I'll let Forbes comment, but my thought is, is the additional restructuring that we've talked about is solely around the discussions we've had with our handset customer. And the majority of that restructuring is really to mitigate costs and mitigate what otherwise could end up being more problematic for FY '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the question side, I have 2 questions, and I'll just give them both now so you guys can divide up how you want to talk about it. But first of all on the guidance, if I'm correct, it looks like it's a bit larger guide range than normal. I think you normally give about a $200 million. Now you're giving a $300 million range, which I think is about a 50% increase. But when we look at your handset customer, it looks like you're kind of materially removing them completely from the equation. So why a wider revenue guidance range? What else is going into that? And the second question is for those of us who's been around Jabil for a long time, you used to have some big customers, whether it be Nokia then that struggled, then BlackBerry, now we're seeing it struggles there. And it looks like Apple now is going to be an above 20% customer with BlackBerry going away. So what are you guys doing to strategically manage these large concentrations of customers? And by all means, I'm not calling for problems with Apple. I'm just saying you got to run the business and help your shareholders and mitigate risk. So can you walk us through that?
Mark T. Mondello: Sure, Jim. Let me take your last question first and then Forbes and I can kind of tag team the guidance. So yes, it's -- there are certain variables outside of our control at times, and it's incumbent on management to act when certain variables occur. I -- Apple is a large customer. Ideally, and one of the things that management's working towards is, is to further diversify our company. Our objective and our goal over the longer period of time is to have no 10% customer. I think it will take us a bit of time to get there. But I would also comment on the fact that we feel very comfortable with Apple as a customer. Again, they're announced at the end of the year as what percentage they were for FY '13. I think unfortunately, when we look at a company like a Nokia or a BlackBerry, unfortunately, they've had some strategic issues of their own. I feel very, very comfortable that Apple is sound as a corporation and they're an outstanding customer. So although I'd like to see no particular customer being more than 10% of our business and we're working hard towards that, I'm very pleased with having Apple as our largest customer. As far as the guidance, Jim, we -- Forbes mentioned it, I think I mentioned it. We're in the middle of discussions right now real time with BlackBerry. So we did not take BlackBerry down to 0 in Q1, and we're in those discussions real time. So based on the fact that there are some unknowns and there's some uncertainty around the discussions, we thought it was prudent that we offered a abnormal range of guidance for Q1. And we should be able to narrow that once we get complete in our discussions with our customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I guess first question I wanted to address is if my math's right, you're going to generate about $700 million of free cash, give or take, next year. When should we expect, I guess, a decision or an announcement on the commentary regarding another buyback or step-up buyback? How quickly can you implement that?
Mark T. Mondello: Timing is TBD. I think it's a great question. Forbes and I need to have more conversation. We want to run through some more models, and then we need to have a conversation with our board. So we feel like -- we acknowledge your comment on we do feel like free cash flow is going to be strong. And let us get through some additional models, let us have some appropriate conversation with our board and we'll be back to you.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then 2 quick clarifications. The $0.28 to $0.34 loss associated with BlackBerry, that includes restructuring offsets? And then second, do you expect all the ramp issues associated with DMS in the August quarter to be completely gone in the November quarter?
Mark T. Mondello: I think to your first question, that's appropriate that the red bar on Slide 13 is net of all restructuring offsets, that would be correct. I think if I understood your question, Q1 will be void of the types of program ramps we talked about in Q3 and Q4. Although that might not be 100% true, I think for purposes of modeling out the fiscal year, that's an appropriate assumption.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I guess when do those -- when should we expect those headwinds to end?
Mark T. Mondello: Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Forbes, can you share perhaps what BlackBerry was as a percent of revenue in the fourth quarter?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It was certainly north of 10% in the quarter. In my prepared remarks, I did note that our current midpoint of guidance assumes a reduction of $500 million sequentially. So they were a sizable customer.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And how much of the BlackBerry EPS hit are you assuming in Q1 of your annual number?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: We have -- Wamsi, we haven't broken that out. We said $0.28 to $0.34 for the year. As Mark and I have noted, we're in discussions with the customer as we speak. So there's clearly some significant impact in Q1 depending on where we land, just given the abruptness of this change and our ability to react to the overhead that's in place in such a short time frame. Remember, we're effectively 1 month into a 3-month quarter here. So it's material, and we'll see how that shakes out as we move through the next 60 days or so.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And Forbes, if you could just talk about the linearity through fiscal '14. I mean, the headwinds of BlackBerry, is it fair to assume that, that would be concentrated in the first half of the year? So we'll see most of that hit in the first half and significantly lesser amount of hit in the second half. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes. That's very reasonable, yes.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And one more question on cost here. You mentioned cost overruns with respect to DMS. Could you give us some color on what those cost overruns were? And did you have associated yield issues during the ramp?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: I really can't comment on that. I mean, if you look at where we ended up, I think, x Nypro and DMS, we're about 5.2%, 5.3%. We talked about our number right about 5.5 points for the quarter coming into the quarter. So the $4 million or $5 million on the scale of operation that we have is not overly material. So I can't really give much more color than that.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And last one for me. Can you talk about any view on long-term HVS margins in light of the BlackBerry news?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Much of that is going to -- it's clearly going to depend how quickly we can either redeploy the fixed cost base we have in that area during the course of fiscal '14. But certainly, as we sit today and there's a lot of work to be done and discussion to be had, but certainly, with the cost base we have as we work through this, certainly going to be well below the low end of the range that we previously provided, which was 2.5% to 3.5%. And I believe we'll see that recover in the second half of the year as we manage to take that resource out. So first half of the year, it's going to be in the point, point and a half type range, I would suggest.
Mark T. Mondello: One thing I think is important to think about in your modeling, our High Velocity business is in -- as we end up disengaging, if you will, with BlackBerry, the High Velocity portion of the relationship, the balance of our High Velocity business is in very good shape. And we're fairly bullish on that business as we move through FY '14. It's just the weight of the SG&A and the overhead that's problematic, and we're working on that real time as we speak.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham.
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So question -- actually 2 parts to a question within DMS. So just from a 100,000-foot perspective, the segment grew 9%, I think, this past fiscal year. So I think a little bit disappointing versus perhaps what your viewpoint was a few quarters ago and your general feel around the space. Can you talk about your viewpoints for continued growth or perhaps some resurgence within that segment as we look to fiscal '14? And then I've got a follow-up to that.
Mark T. Mondello: Sean, just to be sure Forbes and I understand your question, are you talking about the 9% sequentially Q4 to Q1?
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: That's correct.
Mark T. Mondello: So you're talking about DMS going from Q4 '13 to Q1 '14 and sequentially, the math comes out to be around 9%. Is that correct?
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And I think that entering the year that you had some higher expectations for this group, so just looking to see what your perspective might be for '14.
Mark T. Mondello: Right. I'll start off, and I don't know if Forbes has anything to add. But again, when we think about DMS, DMS is made up of industrial, JDAS instrumentation, Clean Tech, our AMS services business and others. So I feel like in this market, with some of the challenges that we've had, 9% sequential growth is actually quite good. So I don't feel like I'm answering your question, but I'm really making a statement that going from Q4 '13 to Q1 '14, a 9% growth in that sector is good.
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, Mark, sorry for the reference point and the 9%. That's more of an acknowledgment on the quarter. But I think that overall for the segment, this probably was not performing as you would hope entering the year. So just a contrast as you look into '14, what is your perspective and what is your outlook here as we stand today?
Mark T. Mondello: We still remain bullish on DMS. I think that -- a couple of comments I made prior. Our DMS business has been hugely successful. It's approaching -- that business is approaching a $10 billion base. I've said before that once we start to get close to a $10 billion base, I don't know that we can continue to meet our growth range of 15%. But we've done an excellent job growing that sector over the last 2, 3, 4 years. I feel good about that sector for '14. I think if we do our job correctly and continue to take great care of our customers, we'll see growth rates that are double-digit on an annual basis from '13 to '14. So overall, as we sit today, I still remain bullish on this sector, and I think that margins will end up back in the 5.5% to 7% range.
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: That's great. And I think about a year ago, we had some yield challenges with some of the programs that we were ramping within that space. Given where we are a year later and considering the seasonality of where we are, are you facing similar yield challenges at current point in time? Or is this a little bit more abated this year?
Mark T. Mondello: I would say that there's no repeat of any of that type of thing now versus last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to ask sort of from a top-level perspective, and I know it's early days in terms of figuring out what you're going to do with BlackBerry. But for fiscal '14, would you expect to see your revenue grow?
Mark T. Mondello: Again, Sherri, I think it's a great question. We're just not -- at this point in time, we're just not going to comment on revenue. And again, we may add some color to that during our analyst meetings. But as we sit here today, we're just not going to comment on that.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But you're still comfortable with 15% growth for DMS and sort of 0 to 5% growth in the E&I segment?
Mark T. Mondello: My comment was, is I felt like on an annual basis going from FY '13 to FY '14, I felt like DMS would grow double-digits. So that might be something greater than 10%. And 0 to 5% for E&I seems reasonable, yes.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Beth A. Walters: Thank you, Susan, the operator. Thanks for joining us everyone on the call today. As Mark has mentioned a couple of times during the call, please look for your invitation to our Analyst Meeting, which will be held near the end of October, the 30, and it will be out later this week. So thank you very much for participating.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-06-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications & Investor Relations Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Jabil's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn today's conference over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth A. Walters: Thank you, Susan. Welcome to our third quarter of 2013 earnings call. Joining me today are CEO, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website at jabil.com in the Investor Relations section. Our third quarter press release, slides and webcast link are also available on the website. In these materials, you will find the financial information that we cover during this call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website; and beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company, improvements in our operational efficiencies and financial performance and our pending completion of the Nypro acquisition. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list to these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2012, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with our second fiscal quarter results -- excuse me, our third fiscal quarter results and highlights and comments from Forbes Alexander as well as guidance on our fourth fiscal quarter of 2013. Mark Mondello will follow with our macro environment comments and some Jabil-specific comments about our performance. We'll then open it up for questions and calls from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd ask you to please refer to Slide 3. Net revenue for the third quarter was approximately $4.5 billion, an increase of 5% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $103.7 million, or 2.3% of revenue. This compares to $156.6 million of GAAP operating income and revenues of $4.3 billion or 3.7% for the same period in the prior year. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.24. Please note that our GAAP operating results were negatively impacted during the quarter by $28 million of restructuring activities aimed at improving our structural costs and a $25 million noncash impairment charge associated with a note receivable and a commercial interest made in 2007. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring and impairment charges, was $176.9 million, representing 4% of revenue. This compares to $190.3 million or 4.5% for the same period in the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.56. If you now turn to Slide 4, I'll discuss our segment performance. In the third quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment declined by 4% on a year-over-year basis driven by lower volumes in our Instrumentation and Clean Tech sectors. These declines were partially offset by a 10% growth in Specialized Services. Revenue for this segment is approximately $1.8 billion, representing 40% of total company revenue. Core operating income for the segment improved on a sequential basis by 20 points to 5.6% revenue. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment increased 4% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue for this segment was approximately $1.4 billion, representing 31% of total company revenue. Core operating income margin was 2.3% in the quarter. We believe that this segment shall achieve 3% operating margin in our fourth fiscal quarter. And finally, the High Velocity segment increased 23% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was $1.3 billion, representing approximately 29% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was 3.4% of revenue. In summary, total revenue grew by 5% on a year-over-year basis while core operating income was 4%. If you now turn to Slide 5. We ended the quarter with cash balances of approximately $1.35 billion, at the same time, reducing total debt levels by approximately $60 million. Our sales cycle improved by 8 days and our core EBITDA for the 9 months ended was approximately $825 million, representing 6.1% of revenue. Our year-to-date core return on invested capital was 23%. We're extremely pleased with our operating cash flow generation during the quarter of $504 million. With this performance, cash flows from operations for the 9 months ended were $810 million. We're extremely well positioned to achieve $1 billion of cash flows from operations for the full fiscal year. I'd ask you to turn to Slide 6, where I'll review our capital expenditures and an update on our Nypro acquisition. Net capital expenditures in the third quarter were $80 million. Year-to-date, capital expenditures are approximately $440 million. Our outlook remains consistent with our previous guidance for fiscal 2013, with expenditures expected at $700 million. Now turn to Nypro. We are pleased to advise that we have today received all regulatory and antitrust clearances associated with the acquisition of Nypro and, consequently, we anticipate completing the acquisition on the 1st of July of 2013. We look forward to welcoming Nypro's employees to Jabil. I'd now ask you to turn to Slide 7. On our last earnings call, we discussed the level of structural cost within the company that is not optimal. As a result, we intend to realign our manufacturing capacity and cost base to appropriately size our manufacturing footprint with current market conditions and our customers' geographic needs. We have begun consultation with employees during the third fiscal quarter and out of respect for those employees, we shall not be providing details as to specific sites or locations under consideration at this time. We do, however, currently estimate that the realignment shall result in approximately $188 million of charges, including the $28 million recorded in the third fiscal quarter. It's currently estimated that approximately $60 million to $70 million will be recorded in our fourth fiscal quarter for 2013. The balances of charges shall be incurred during fiscal 2014 and 2015. Cash associated with such actions is currently estimated to be approximately $140 million. The majority of the cash outflow is expected during the course of fiscal 2014. Such realignment of our manufacturing capacity is estimated to provide a range of savings of $30 million to $40 million in fiscal 2014 and an estimated $65 million in fiscal 2015. This is based upon our current estimates of timing of such actions. I'd now ask you to turn to Slide 9 and 10 where I'll discuss our fourth quarter guidance. In the fourth quarter, we expect revenue on a year-over-year basis to increase by approximately 5% to be in the range of $4.45 billion to $4.65 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $185 million and core operating margin in the range of 3.7% to 4%. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.04 to $0.12 and core diluted earnings per share estimated to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.58. This is based upon our diluted share count of approximately 209 million shares and an expected tax rate in the upcoming quarter of 21%. This range of guidance includes 2 months of ownership of Nypro and an assumption that Nypro shall provide a modest to neutral contribution to earnings on an operating basis in the fourth fiscal quarter. We do expect to incur transaction costs and purchase accounting adjustments of approximately $10 million associated with this transaction during the fourth fiscal quarter. This sum is excluded from our core operating guidance. And finally, turning to guidance by our segments. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis. This guidance is inclusive of all Nypro revenue estimates. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment is also expected to be consistent and our High Velocity segment is expected to increase by 15% on a year-over-year basis. I'd now like to hand the call over to Mark Mondello.
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Forbes. Good afternoon. I appreciate everyone taking time to join us on our call today. Before I get into the business, I'd like to offer thanks to all our people here at Jabil. Thanks for their commitment to the company and thanks for their commitment in taking great care of our customers. As for the business at hand, if you please reference to Slide 12 in the presentation. Forbes mentioned we're planning to close our acquisition of Nypro on July 1. This closing is the culmination of a lot of hard work put forth by many dedicated people. Thank you to everyone who's been involved. As I said during our Q2 call 90 days ago, the employees at Nypro are fabulous and we see great cultural alignment with Jabil. I'm truly excited that on July 1, we'll have the Nypro flag flying firmly on the bow of the Jabil ship. As we discussed previously, the possibilities brought forth by Nypro are significant. The Nypro health care team offers tremendous capabilities that focus on disposables and consumables within the health care arena. This is a wonderful complement to Jabil's business. Our combined health care business is pacing at $1 billion plus and will be headquartered in Clinton, Massachusetts. The Nypro packaging team offers creative solutions across a broad range of consumer goods. This business delivers $250 million to $300 million in revenue and serves outstanding brands. We're excited to combine our capabilities and work hard to gain share within a multibillion-dollar packaging market. Our packaging business will also be headquartered in Clinton, Mass. The third commercial silo within Nypro is the consumer business. This business will be consolidated under the Jabil brand and work in concert with Jabil's DMS and High Velocity businesses. The combined teams will work diligently to provide innovative solutions to a range of customers in end markets such as mobility, printing, point-of-sale, industrial and white goods. Last, but certainly not least, I want to recognize the tremendous capabilities within NyproMold and Radius. NyproMold is a technical leader in the design and manufacturing of complex tools and molds. In addition, their high-quality, high-precision machining capability is quite impressive. Radius is a world-class team that specializes in creativity, product innovation, development and design. Both of these organizations have tremendous value and we'll be able to leverage all of these across the Jabil landscape. As a side note, Beth and I discussed hosting our next Analyst Meeting in Boston sometime this fall. It will be informative and fun to have you visit our Nypro headquarters as part of this agenda. I'll wrap up my comments specific to Nypro with an early welcome to our Nypro team. I now ask that you please turn to Slide 13. During his prepared comments, Forbes provided a summary of our restructuring. To put this in perspective, we are constantly evolving our resources, our assets and our capacity as our business grows and needs change. It's been 7 years since we have formally reset our structural costs. Slide 13 shows the magnitude of change within Jabil from fiscal year 2006 until today, a tribute to the hard work and character of our team. We've added $8 billion in revenue, 100,000 employees and 10 million square feet of manufacturing capacity. Over the next 12 to 18 months, we will optimize our foundation in anticipation of the business ahead. This is a prudent decision tactically, strategically and financially. Please turn to Slide 14. Please note the blue bar to the far left of the waterfall chart. This bar illustrates the $2.24 of core EPS we anticipate to deliver for fiscal year '13 based on the midpoint of our Q4 guidance. Our team works tirelessly to serve our customers and take great care of their respective brands. I believe we do this well. With that said, fiscal year '13 has been a difficult year from an earnings perspective. As we exit the year, management believes that we will deliver solid earnings growth in fiscal year '14, earnings that are consistent with comments I made during our Q2 call. In an effort to add some color and clarification, I'll walk you through the waterfall chart. During the Q2 call, I talked about growing our core EPS from $2.40 in FY '12 to $2.77 in FY '14, which is in line with our before mentioned 5% to 10% EPS growth rate when compounded over a 2-year period. The illustration on Slide 14 assumes that $2.24 is delivered in FY '13. If we work from this FY '13 base, we believe that we'll see $0.16 to $0.22 of core earnings from our Nypro acquisition, add to that another $0.11 to $0.15 as a result of our restructuring activities outlined by Forbes. Finally, we believe our core businesses will improve based on market share gains, new business wins, successful program launches and reasonable improvements to end-market demand. This would result in $0.11 to $0.31 of additional earnings for the fiscal year. The result and outcome would be a core earnings in the neighborhood of $2.77, which I alluded to 90 days ago during our call. We're cautious in offering this illustration based on variables outside of our control, but there's a good reason for optimism. Our optimism is based on a combination of our clear line of sight, our customers, our focus on ROIC, our diversification and our obsession in caring for our people and giving them the freedom to innovate and serve our customers. In addition, I'm blessed with an outstanding leadership team, a team with tons of experience, a team that cares. We will effort to do what we say, run our business effectively and efficiently and be very thoughtful on how we deploy our capital. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Beth for some questions.
Beth A. Walters: Susan, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just on the restructuring activities, I understand that you're limited in what you want to talk about. But is there any way we could sort of dive a little bit deeper into sort of some of the strategic rationale either by market or region? And then could you put it -- Mark, could you put it a little bit in context relative to some of the expansion you're doing, whether, I don't know, whether it's related to backtracking on any recent expansion or any shifts in some of the other strategic initiatives we heard about in the last 6 months? That would be appreciated.
Mark T. Mondello: Sure. Yes, I don't think it's backtracking on anything recently. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, the last time we've, again, really taken a hard formal look at our structural cost and our foundation was 6, 7 years ago. And since then, we've evolved the company, added a lot of manufacturing square footage. I feel good about the footprint we have, the foundation we have. I just think it's really prudent. I don't want to be having one-off charges and doing this every 2 years, every 3 years. But every so often, having the appropriate hygiene to go in and optimize our structural cost, make a lot of sense. So as I said, strategically, I think this is a good thing for us to be doing. We've got good line of sight of '14 and early parts of FY '15. And again, none of this has to do with anything that we've done in the last 2, 3 years as far as expanding footprint.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Okay. And then just secondly on, just looking at the waterfall chart you provided with regards to Nypro. Is there any more color you can add when we think about Nypro on a full year basis in terms of what kind of growth you're factoring into the $0.16 to $0.22 and margins, et cetera, to get there and any synergies that you're expecting in the first year?
Mark T. Mondello: Well, I think that is a full year outlook. The illustrations for FY '14, right? So I think if you make some assumptions around what you think the packaging and health care revenues are going to be and you look at center point of our guidance there or illustration, it's around $0.19. And I think that's a fair -- I think it's a fair range. I'd focus you on the $0.16 to $0.22. And when you think about, we haven't even closed the deal yet, although we've got all approvals. We're excited about getting the deal close July 1. And then upon close, we'll immediately start doing some of the things that need to be done and prepping it for growth synergies. But we've got a lot of work to do with the team and positioning the companies for '14, '15 and beyond.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: So just to clarify, I guess, is the $0.16 to $0.22 sort of a base case number based on how the business is operating today or have you factored in some of the synergies into that number? Or is that still to come later down the road?
Mark T. Mondello: I think it's -- I think that as we sit today, it's our best estimate of where we think the business is going to be and how it's going to perform for fiscal year '14. So answering that more directly, I suggest it's not just how the business is sitting today. If you remember, we're taking all of our health care business, combining it with Nypro's health care business and then having the packaging business. So it's our best estimate today of giving an illustration on how we think that business will perform.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Forbes, I'm just trying to understand the guidance for operating margin. What's putting the downward pressure sequentially going in the fourth fiscal quarter? Because I thought you said E&I would improve presuming HVS flat. And I'm wondering, is there some downward pressure on the DMS margins?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: If -- in my prepared remarks, we've included Nypro revenues in the DMS segment. And in my remarks, I noted that it would be very minimal contribution from that given 2 months in the quarter. So if you make assumptions around that Nypro revenue, back that out, margins should be relatively consistent. We're going to see expansion in the Enterprise & Infrastructure. And if we look at High Velocity, that margin there fluctuates within our typical range of 2.5 to 3.5 points, so towards the high end this past quarter. My sense is as we move into the fourth fiscal quarter, it's probably going to be near that midpoint. And that's really based on the mix of business that we have in there. We're serving multiple industries in there from point-of-sale to printing, handset, set-top boxes. So I'd expect that to come back a little bit more towards the center point, expansion in E&I and relatively consistent margins in the Diversified Manufacturing Services, x the Nypro piece.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just as a follow-up, the $0.16 to $0.22 and the $0.11 to $0.15 of EPS benefit you expect from Nypro and restructuring benefits, how should we expect that to flow through fiscal '14? Would it be fairly linear and roughly $0.05, $0.06 a quarter? Any help you can give in terms of how we should be thinking about the Nypro contribution and the restructuring benefits.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, you know what, the Nypro one is a little bit tougher at this juncture. We'll have better clarity for you certainly on our September call, be a little bit more granular. But I would wait a little bit more towards the back half of the year, obviously, once we got an opportunity to combine, as Mark said, our health care business and the Nypro business. With regards to the restructuring, I think that's more likely based on our current estimates of timing of discussions, again, towards Q3 and Q4. There's a bit of heavy lifting to be done there. We're well positioned to do that. And we expect the majority of the cash flow associated with that to occur late Q2, I'd say. So yes, I would say probably Q3, Q4, before we see the full benefit of that restructuring activity.
Mark T. Mondello: Amitabh, this is Mark. Just one thing to add to Forbes' comment. I was a little bit disappointed in the 2.3% margin for E&I in Q3. I thought it would've been closer to being flat quarter-on-quarter, Q2 to Q3. But our leadership team there has been pretty aggressive because they understand that we want that business to 3 points of margin as we exit the fiscal year and that's what we've been talking about for the last couple of quarters. And so lots of moving pieces, moving people around, moving teams around. And we're off by a few million dollars there, but I just endorsed that we still feel that exiting the fiscal year we'll be at 3 points and going into FY '14 for E&I.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Mark, can you just -- so just on that, can you shed some light how you get to the 3 points from the 2.3%?
Mark T. Mondello: Well, we do a lot more of what we did in Q2 and not so much of what we did in Q3. It's just -- it's a big business. It's a $5.5 billion, $6 billion business and I'm not going to get into all those details because it wouldn't be appropriate. But we feel pretty comfortable about getting that towards 3 points, if not at 3 points as we exit the fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just to get back, a question on the E&I segment. The revenue was a bit better than your guide for the May quarter, yet the guidance on flat year-over-year growth implies it's going to be down 5% or 6% sequentially, which looks weaker than normal. So could you talk about the drivers there, why that -- it looks like it's seasonally weaker than normal?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It was flat.
Mark T. Mondello: I think we guided flat, didn't we?
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You were flat year-over-year, but that -- right. And so that implies it's going to be down sequentially a little bit more than seasonal. So I'm trying to figure out what you're seeing from your customers there.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Matt, it's essentially sequentially flat. It's maybe $20 million or $30 million. And again, the range of business is about $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion a quarter. That's not something that we're overly obsessed about. Our relationships there are strong. We were seeing great growth in fiscal '13 over '12 as a result of some really nice wins in the midyear of fiscal '12 in terms of the wireless area and networking relation -- excuse me, and storage relationships. So overall, it's relatively consistent as we move through the summer months here, which is pretty typical of what we see for our customer base.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So would you characterize that as a more stable environment, which you talked about last quarter?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Absolutely, absolutely.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the -- on Nypro, could you give us an idea of the revenue contribution in the quarter, 2 months of the quarter? I don't know if it's seasonally back-end loaded, so it's actually less than what it would typically be.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, it's -- our current estimates are somewhere between a 1 50, 1 75 type number, somewhere around there.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just lastly on Specialized Services, which looked like that was in line with your guidance. Obviously, there's a big customer that's driving that and ramps seem to change quarter-on-quarter. What's your outlook on the mobile part of that business in Specialized Services for the August quarter and what are you looking at starting in to FY '14?
Mark T. Mondello: I guess the only comment we have there is we talked last call about -- I think we had a dozen plus different program ramps and program transitions across the company. And as you guys remind us constantly, we spent or are going to spend $600 million, $700 million in CapEx and we believe we'll utilize that as we move into '14. So I just can't get into any comments around any specific sectors or customers on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Couple of questions, one I guess on the DMS side. If I exclude the Nypro numbers that Forbes just gave, I think the implication is that business will be flat to down a little bit sequentially. Could you maybe just talk about why do you see that segment tracking almost down a little bit sequentially again despite a couple of big program ramps in that segment? And if any one of those sub 3 segments is where you're seeing the downtick?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It's pretty much the same story that we've seen really since late '12, Amit. And that's centered around areas of Instrumentation and Clean Tech. As we came into this calendar year, we saw pushouts in terms of metering there, which is pretty significant. And that's really been the impact on a year-over-year basis. Overall, our Specialized Services business is in good shape. And we're seeing some continued healthy growth there on a year-over-year basis.
Mark T. Mondello: I think the other area for us, too, which is -- which continues to show some softening is in defense and aerospace as well.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. And then I guess the second part was, if I'm looking at $0.14 of restructuring benefits in fiscal '14, that would imply about $40 million of operating income savings roughly. Could you maybe talk about $188 million restructuring plan, why you're only seeing $40 million in savings? And shouldn't that number be much, much bigger, I guess? And is there a potential the benefits continue in fiscal '15?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, I'll take that. Absolutely. You're right. The timing of this -- in my prepared remarks, I talked about $65 million in 2015. And that's ultimately where we see that type of return, a 2- to 3-year return on this restructuring plan. In fiscal '14, that range we provided, yes, it's midpoint of that range is $35 million, as you stated. And it's really to do with the timing of when we can, essentially, start closing sites or releasing employees and transferring business. So our best estimates at this stage is that, that would occur most likely sometime late in our second fiscal quarter, which is obviously February 15, just given the consultation periods we have in front of us and discussions that have commenced. So if by any way we can pull that forward, then we'd expect savings to increase in fiscal '14. But certainly based on where we are, I would suggest the $35 million being appropriate, certainly $65 million in '15. And obviously, we'll update you on a quarterly basis as we move through this process.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And just finally, if I look at that organic growth number on the, again, on the fiscal '14 road map, I guess, is it fair to assume that at the midpoint of your organic growth number you guys are looking at about a 5% revenue growth for the [indiscernible] business?
Mark T. Mondello: Well, we really haven't commented at all on revenue, but I think if you take the midpoint, you're looking at 21 over 2.24, right?
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, fair enough.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Forbes, I just want to follow up on the Q4 guidance. If I assume 3% operating margins for Enterprise and High Velocity, it implies DMS margins are going to be 5%. And I think you said x Nypro, DMS margins would actually be consistent sequentially at 5.6%. So is Nypro really going to be a 60 basis point drag to the fourth quarter DMS margins at only -- it's going to be $5 million in revenue? So I think you're excluding all the charges from that. I'm just confused. It would almost imply that Nypro would be losing money on a core basis, or maybe I'm just doing my math wrong, but if you could comment on that.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, absolutely. So you're correct, model Enterprise & Infrastructure at 3 percentage points. High Velocity, I think that might be the part you're missing, Brian. I talk to that being more to the midpoint of our overall range of guidance there, so right about at 3 percentage points based on the mix of business that we anticipate in the fourth fiscal quarter. And then based on that midpoint guidance of 1 75, you would see the DMS margins x Nypro to be relatively consistent with what we've just printed.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, maybe I'll follow up offline because I have 5% for DMS all-in and that would imply a loss for Nypro, but we can follow-up offline. I guess one -- when do you think DMS margins can get back to 6%? It would seem like the issue you had with a major customer is behind you. It's not clear to me what environment would be ideal for generating margins in DMS within your long-term target range or what's the long-term range that's still suitable [indiscernible] a change in the long-term profile of DMS and in particular, Specialized Services. And if so, what's causing that?
Mark T. Mondello: Hey, Brian, I don't know if it's your phone or our receiver, but you broke up really bad. I think what you were asking is, is if we get DMS margins back to 6%, is that correct?
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, what would drive that? What kind of environment would allow that to happen?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, I think the best guidance at this point is, is we feel comfortable with DMS margins being in the range that we've outlined, 5.5% to 7% for fiscal year '14. And again, we do need to have a little bit of recovery on -- Instrumentation has been bad for us. Industrial in the early part of this year was very, very soft. We've seen pockets of Industrial start to stabilize. The housing markets helped there. Clean Tech has been very difficult for us, especially in the metering side. Our visibility is, is that the subsidizations and whatnot around metering may start to come back for mid to late fiscal year '14. So it's a little bit of a wildcard. And we've got a lot of interesting activities going on in our defense and aerospace business. And then you have our Specialized Services group. And again, as we've talked about, a portion of our CapEx for this year has went towards Specialized Services and we should see some returns from those assets in '14 as well.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just last one, if you could hear me. Forbes, any early indication for what CapEx might look like in fiscal '14, including Nypro?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Not at this juncture. We will certainly update everybody on our next call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Am I correct that, based upon prior press releases and news and stuff, that Nypro should contribute about $1.2 billion in revenues? Or are there some parts of it that maybe you're not folding into Jabil? And if so, if we back in, then, to your EPS waterfall, which, by the way, that's a great slide, then it looks like that the Nypro operating margins, based upon a tax rate of about 20% just ballpark, that the Nypro operating margins are actually closer to the relative range, something like 5% or slightly under 5%. Is that math right, or am I missing a few pieces to the equations?
Mark T. Mondello: So Jim, the -- I think the $1.2 billion for fiscal year '14 might be a little bit aggressive. We -- if you think about the business and the slide we showed, the Nypro slide, about 50% of that business is health care, 25% is consumer and 25% is packaging. We're going to roll the consumer business, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, into and fly that under the Jabil flag. And that team will work hand-in-hand with our DMS group as well as some of our High Velocity leadership. So when I think about Nypro for '14, we're really talking about packaging and health care. And that's probably a $750 million, $800 million business, something like that. And we're pretty excited of that platform and where we can take that in fiscal year '15 and beyond.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Great. That adds a lot of color. And then when we think about your customer mix, do you have one customer over 10%, 2 customers over 10%? And then how will that look post integration of Nypro?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: In terms of 10% customers, we'll get full color at the end of the year. But certainly, we've had one 10% customer throughout the year. We expect that to be the case as we exit the year. I don't envisage that changing with the consolidation of Nypro into Jabil. We'll see how that plays out in future years, but certainly not for fiscal '14.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then my final question, with Nypro, you're doing plastics on stuff. Some of those customers also do electronics inside the box or inside the item. Is there an opportunity there for Jabil to seize and come in and sell more there? Or are those just type of discussions that are pretty unique to themselves? Just trying to figure out how those discussions and how Jabil looks at that strategically?
Mark T. Mondello: Well, we certainly hope so. I think that there's nice synergies on the growth side for combining what Nypro does and what Jabil historically has done and what we are doing and time will tell. But we feel pretty good about being able to get after some of that market share, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just had a couple of clarification questions. First on the guidance, the press release said $4.55 billion to $4.65 billion, but the slides said $4.45 billion to $4.65 billion. Can you just let us know which one it is?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: The guidance is $4.45 billion to $4.65 billion.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, because the press release didn't say that. And then for the Nypro revenue, is that primarily going into the DMS segment for next quarter and for fiscal '14? I know you said there's a portion of it that will go on HVS from the consumer piece, but should we assume that the rest of the revenue goes into DMS?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, you should assume it. It's all within the DMS segment, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Just 2 clarifications, just if I missed this on the restructuring savings, the split between COGS and SG&A. And then the second question, just getting back to something Jim was asking in terms of the Nypro EBIT margin. It does look, at least right now for the full year, it's something like a 4% to 5% implied EBIT margin. My guess is you'd like to have it higher than that exiting the year given some prior commentary. But where would you expect the EBIT margin for Nypro to exit '14 at?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It's Forbes. Let me address the COGS versus SG&A on restructuring. At this juncture, I would suggest the majority would be within the cost of goods sold line. Based on current estimates, maybe somewhere between $15 million to $25 million in SG&A. But on the longer term, the majority went to cost of goods sold line. With regards to the Nypro EBIT margins, at this stage, we'll not be providing any more color on that. But certainly, this is a very attractive transaction for us and, certainly, view it as long-term accretive to our earnings.
Mark T. Mondello: I think it's fair -- I think it'd be fair to -- as we get through '14, it would be fair to model the Nypro up margins in the range of DMS, so the 5.5% to 7%.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So no change to that target, Mark?
Mark T. Mondello: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark, DMS x Nypro is going to be down again here in August on a quarter-on-quarter, even on year-on-year basis. And organic growth seems to be sort of a loser here for the segment. When can we see year-on-year growth in DMS? Is it reasonable to assume we would see that in -- starting in the November quarter?
Mark T. Mondello: I think that might be reasonable.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And would you say that your expectations from a -- that growth would primarily be coming from the Specialized Services area given your prior commentary on the other 2 subsegments?
Mark T. Mondello: Well, I think time will tell. We certainly are keeping our fingers crossed that in the macro conditions that we're seeing, that's putting pressure on a bunch of the other broad parts of our business that we start to see some relief there. So my hope is it's some contributions across the board.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Great. And on E&I margins, Mark, seems from your comments it was more of an execution issue as opposed to maybe some pricing changes or mix. If you look at some of the filings from Cisco, it indicates increased pressure from OEMs on all the suppliers, including EMS partners. Can you confirm that it was primarily execution and that's why you're fairly confident it could further worse fairly quickly here in the fiscal fourth quarter?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Wamsi, I don't think it was execution nor do I think it was pricing. That part of our business has been under intense pricing for 15 years and, certainly, it goes in cycles but the pricing pressure is never off. I think -- and I don't think it was an execution issue. So if I communicated that, that's my mistake. What I was trying to communicate is, is our leadership team are making some very aggressive structural changes, changes to the teams, moving businesses around to different sites. And again, if you think about this being a $5.5 billion, $6 billion business, I think they overshot their budget by $4 million, $5 million in the quarter. And I expected Q3 to be close to being flat to Q2. So I think we were down about 40 basis points Q2 to Q3. But it wasn't as if we had a unintentional execution issue. I think what they did was intentional but overshot their budget. And they did that in continuing to drive that business to an appropriate foundation to generate the margins we need to going forward.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Beth A. Walters: Well, operator, we don't have any closing remarks, so I'll just thank everyone for joining us on the call today. And as usual, we will be available for any follow-up phone calls or questions that you may have. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-03-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Senior Vice President of Communications & Investor Relations Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Mark T. Mondello - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Jabil Second Quarter Earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth A. Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our Second Quarter of 2013 Earnings Call. Joining me today on the call are Chief Executive Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. The call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our first -- second quarter press release and corresponding webcast with slides are also available on our website. In these slides, you will find the financial information that we cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2, our forward-looking statement. During the call today, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding our anticipated financial results for our second quarter of fiscal year 2013, the anticipated closing date of the Nypro acquisition, the expected remaining acquisition-related expenses in connection with the Nypro acquisition, and our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2013 net revenue, including that of our segments, core operating income, GAAP operating income, core and GAAP earnings per share results and the components thereof. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. Please see other risks, relevant factors and uncertainties identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2012, subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or future events. Today's call will begin with our second fiscal quarter results, highlights and comments from Forbes Alexander, as well as guidance on our third fiscal quarter of 2013. Mark will follow with macro environment and Jabil-specific comments about our performance, and then we'll open it up to questions from call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Hello, everyone. I'd ask you to please refer to Slide 3. Net revenue for the second quarter was $4.4 billion, an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $149 million or 3.4% of revenue. This compares to $150 million of GAAP operating income and revenues of $4.2 billion or 3.5% for the same period in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.43. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation decreased 3% to $170 million, representing 3.9% of revenue. This compares to $176 million or 4.2% for the same period in the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.53. During the quarter, our diligence pertaining to the announced acquisition of Nypro, accelerated faster than planned. As such, our core operating income included $5 million of costs above our previous forecast. We anticipate the acquisition to close in our fourth fiscal quarter subject to Nypro, ESOP and shareholder votes and customary regulatory approvals. If you now please turn to Slide 4, for our discussion of our segment performance. In the second quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 11% on a year-over-year basis, driven by another strong quarter in Specialized Services while offset by continued weakness in our Industrial & Clean Tech and Instrumentation sectors. Revenue for this segment is approximately $2.07 billion, representing 47% of total company revenue. Core operating income for the segment in the quarter was 5.4% of revenue. Core operating income as a percent of revenue was negatively impacted by 20 to 30 basis points as a result of the aforementioned Nypro-related acquisition costs. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment increased 12% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.36 billion, representing 31% of total company revenue in the quarter. Core operating income in the segment increased by 30 basis points on a sequential basis to 2.7% of revenue. We're pleased with this improvement in operating margin performance, a positive step towards our goal of achieving 3% operating margin by the end of the fiscal year. And finally, the High Velocity segment decreased 15% on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by lower handset volumes. Revenue was $988 million, representing approximately 22% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment was 2.3% of revenue. I'd now ask you to refer to Slide 5. We ended the quarter with cash balances of approximately $1.06 billion. For the 6 months ended, cash flows from operations was $306 million. Turning to the quarter, our sales cycle expanded by 3 days, primarily as a result of inventory growth. During the second half of the fiscal year, inventory levels are expected to decline to those historical levels, thus positioning us to generate $1 billion of cash flow from operations in the fiscal year, as previously indicated. Our core EBITDA for the 6 months ended was approximately $551 million, representing 6.1% of revenue and our GAAP return on invested capital for the 6-month period was 19%. If you now please turn to Slide 6, and I'll review our updated capital expenditures. Capital expenditures for the first half of fiscal '13 were approximately $360 million as expected. The majority of these investments are being focused towards our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. Capital expenditures for the full fiscal year were previously expected to be $500 million. We now estimate these expenditures to be approximately $700 million. I'd like to take a moment to discuss these additional investments. $100 million will be associated with the addition of approximately 1 million square feet of manufacturing footprint and associated infrastructure in China; $50 million of associated IT and infrastructure, and I would like to remind you that last calendar year, we signed an agreement to establish a site in Chengdu, China. Part of these investments relate to bringing the first phase of this capacity online. And finally, $50 million, which will also be invested in ongoing expansion in Taiwan of infrastructure associated with capabilities such as automation, material sciences and research and development. These investments position us extremely well for continued growth and differentiation as we move into our fiscal year 2014. If you now please turn to Slides 8 and 9, I'll discuss our third quarter's guidance. As a result of continued macro weakness and multiple product transitions underway, we expect revenue and income guidance to be consistent with that of the second fiscal quarter guidance. In the third quarter, we expect revenue on a year-over-year basis to increase approximately 4% to be within the range of $4.3 billion to $4.5 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $185 million and core operating margin in the range of 3.8% to 4.1%. Our GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.48 per diluted share and core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.58 per diluted share. This has been based upon a diluted share count of 208 million shares. Based on the current estimates of production, our tax rate on core operating income is expected to remain at 22% for the quarter and the fiscal year. Turning to our segments, and our year-on-year performance, both the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment and the Enterprise & Infrastructure segment are expected to be consistent while our High Velocity segment is expected to increase 13% on a year-over-year basis. Sequentially, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is anticipated to decline 10% as a result of current market conditions and multiple product transitions underway. We expect sequential growth to resume in our fourth fiscal quarter. Sequential growth in our High Velocity segment is being driven from a base of typical seasonal lows in printing and set-top boxes, along with the ramp of the new handset program. We are confident that our Diversified Manufacturing Services and High Velocity segments' core operating margins shall be in the long-term targeted ranges in the upcoming third quarter. As I previously noted, we are pleased with the progress we are making in the Enterprise & Infrastructure segment towards a 3% operating margin by the end of the fiscal year. I'd now like to hand the call over to Mark Mondello.
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Forbes. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you taking time to join our call. I'd like to take a minute and recognize all of our Jabil employees. Each and every day, our employees work hard to take great care of our customers. Customers who represent the fantastic brands we're so fortunate to serve. Thank you to all of our people here at Jabil. As for the quarter, we continue to experience a difficult economy. Although there are signs of modest recovery, our demand patterns suggest a cautious, slow growth environment. With this backdrop in mind, I'm proud of our performance. For Q2, we achieved the midrange of our revenue guidance of $4.4 billion, while posting $170 million of core operating income. As Forbes stated in his prepared remarks, the $170 million included $5 million of accelerated deal costs associated with our acquisition of Nypro, an acquisition we announced during the quarter. Looking at our business segments, our leadership team for Enterprise & Infrastructure continues to execute quite well, as seen by the 100-basis point increase to core operating margins year-on-year and 30-basis point increase sequentially. Our progress offers us great optimism that we will achieve a 3% core operating margin as we exit the fiscal year and do so while taking great care of the customer brands we serve. Diversified Manufacturing Services continue to exhibit solid growth, growing 11% year-on-year, led by Specialized Services, which grew 31%. In total, our DMS segment represented 47% of our overall business. Our leadership team for DMS continues to work hard in delivering tremendous, innovative and creative solutions to our customers. In our High Velocity segment, business conditions weakened and margins were negatively impacted by lower unit volumes. We do believe our revenue levels will rebound nicely in Q3 as indicated by our segment guidance. Our leadership team in High Velocity continued to take great care of our customers while evolving our processes to assure cost competitiveness and exceptional execution. Now for a few comments around Nypro. The employees at Nypro are just fabulous and we see great cultural alignment with Jabil. They have so much to teach us with their wonderful capabilities and innovative solutions. The team cares deeply and is dedicated to serving the customers that make up Nypro's business units. These business units are Consumer Electronics, Rigid Packaging and Health Care. The possibilities brought forth by Nypro are significant, especially when you consider the size of the end markets they serve. Consider exploring $100 billion of market opportunities as we combine the broad-based capabilities of our teams as they work together and leverage their unique service offerings. I should also mention that in addition to Nypro, we closed the acquisition of CHAD Industries during the quarter. CHAD is an engineering-intensive company that focuses on motion control and robotics. Their technical talent is a great addition to our automation team. Automation is a keen area of interest for Jabil and an ever advancing capability, a capability which is most impactful to our business. We welcome the CHAD team and look forward to their contributions. With the first half of the fiscal year in our rearview mirror, we're now focused on the back half of the year and there's much to do. We remain committed to generating strong operational cash flows. We continue to invest in rounding out our low-cost footprint while maintaining a keen focus on structural costs. We are committed to delivering a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 10% for our core EPS, calculated from our FY '12 base of $2.40 for the next 2 to 3 years. We will further diversify the company so we can apply our ideas and experience to more and more end markets. We are hiring and training a significant number of employees for program ramps in our DMS segment. These programs will leverage much of our CapEx put forth in the first half of the fiscal year. As we discussed previously, Jabil is in a unique position, a position which affords us the opportunity to serve tremendous brands from a platform of scale, solid cash flows and diversification. Thank you.
Beth A. Walters: Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Your DMS margins were down quarter-on-quarter despite revenues coming in slightly higher than guidance. Can you address that in terms of whether that was driven by ongoing ramps or lower capacity utilization or just weakness in the Specialized Services businesses?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Wamsi, it's Forbes. The majority of that decline, sequential decline is really centered around a lot of the activity around our Nypro acquisition. In the prepared remarks, I noted there was about 20 to 30 basis points of degradation there, really associated with costs around that as we pulled our activity forward there, from our previous guidance but as I say, the majority is Nypro-related. We did have a little bit of headwind in the quarter as I noted, in terms of some of the instrumentation activity but nothing structurally impeding our margin performance there.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And as a quick follow-up, will you still be ramping up some of the DMS businesses in the August quarter such that we should expect sort of recovery back in DMS margins that can stay about 6% that we're talking about sort of for your next quarter?
Mark T. Mondello: Wamsi, this is Mark. I think some of the program ramps we're alluding to will carry over into, at least, the early part of Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Bryant Fox - Cross Research LLC: Just one other question on DMS and a question on Nypro. Can you just talk about what the outlook is for this quarter? I mean, is it really -- how much is related just to end markets versus some transitions within programs? Is there any way to sort of quantify or qualify that? And then in terms of just sort of an update on new programs looking out in the next couple of quarters, is there anything incremental that we should highlight or keep in mind that's new to the Jabil revenue outlook? And then secondly on Nypro, is there any more update in terms of just your expectations for what type of margin contribution or cash flows or anything along the revenue line, just generally speaking, to start thinking about how much accretion it could possibly have as it closes at the end of the fiscal year?
Mark T. Mondello: Thanks, Steven. So as far as our guidance this quarter for DMS, again, it's due to product ramp and also the balance of our DMS business, which is quite broad. It's -- overall, it's soft and we feel like, as we get to the end of the calendar year, some of that revenue will start to pick up but we feel, for the quarter, we've got roughly $200 million of revenue coming out of DMS, and that's balanced with about a $200 million revenue pickup in High Velocity. So the way we thought about it is, if you figure we've got about $200 million coming out of DMS at 5.5%, 6%, something like that, and in the High Velocity business, we're picking up about $200 million of revenue. If we take a look at leverage on the High Velocity side and you take a look at where we've guided to, we feel like a $4.4 billion midpoint with the $175 million is very consistent with what we had in Q2. As far as the Nypro business, the way things look today, we feel like we're going to close the Nypro deal, if everything goes as planned, in the very early part of Q4. As Forbes alluded to in his prepared comments, we had quite a bit of deal cost in our Q2 and although it impacted our overall earnings results, we viewed it as a bit of a positive because we are accelerating the deal and some of those costs that we thought we'd spend in Q3 around the deal, we actually incurred in Q2. Our overall deal costs in Q3 are in our guidance and we feel good about what those costs are going to be. And as far as overall accretion with Nypro, we still feel strongly that once the deal's closed, the Nypro margins will be in our guided long-term range for DMS of 5.5% to 7% and we believe the deal will still be accretive in our first 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I know, Mark, you talked about soft demand trends across your customer base but it looks like though, on the Enterprise & Infrastructure where you're expected to be up sequentially due primarily to some new program wins, that looks like that's going to be down 4% or so, which is less than seasonal. Could you drill down a little bit within those subsectors, what you're seeing and is it mostly demand-related or are there any projects that are rolling off?
Mark T. Mondello: No. First off, I don't know that we provided much guidance in our Enterprise & Infrastructure business for Q3. So I think we feel pretty good about -- sequentially, our E&I business, if you're talking about Q3 guidance, it's relatively flat. We did have a sequential decline in Q2 but as we look at Q3, I think we're relatively flat to Q2 on a revenue basis. And again, in this economy, we feel pretty good about those results and the main rationale for that is we continue to pick up some reasonable market share in that area.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the capacity expansion and the CapEx expansion, you talked about that big project in China. Is there a pipeline of business to fill that or is there going to be some manufacturing shifts from other programs? And how much of that is related to Specialized Services and the Green Point business versus your other businesses?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, I think Forbes did a really nice job of speaking to the CapEx slide. What Forbes and I felt was important is over the last couple of months, we've been getting questions around our CapEx guidance of $500 million for the year. And we're going to exceed that, and we felt like it was important to give you some color on how that or why that was being exceeded. And what we wanted to talk about is the CapEx, above and beyond our original $500 million guidance for the year, is actually broad-based CapEx. So early on, let's say the first half of the fiscal, we had a lot of CapEx around production-type equipment. The back half of the CapEx is going to be a blend of some production equipment, some IT infrastructure and then rounding out, as I alluded to in my prepared comments, our overall low-cost footprint. So some of that will go to buildings and infrastructure in China, and that will be infrastructure that will support a broad range of different products and businesses. In addition to that, if we look forward a bit, I do think that we have a bit too much structural cost in the company today. And so some of that is some forward planning as far as our overall footprint structure.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just lastly if I may, just regarding -- you gave a little bit of an outlook for some sequential growth in the August quarter. I know, going back to last September, that the company had guided to EPS growth of 5% to 10% or so. And it looks like perhaps, flattish would be optimistic at this point. And do you think you can get to that sort of flat EPS number off of last year, given the weak guide for the May quarter?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Matt. So in my prepared comments, and I think it's a little bit confusing, let me try to clarify what I was trying to say. In fiscal year '12, I think we did $2.40 from an EPS perspective. I would be very cautious in modeling the balance of our year, and I don't think we'll -- I think we'll be marginally down of the $2.40 for this fiscal year. What I was communicating in the prepared comments though, is if we look at the 5% to 10% EPS range, if you take it off of the $2.40 base from FY '12 and you take the midpoint of the 5% to 10%, and you run that out into fiscal year '14 and '15 on a compounded basis, we feel comfortable with that EPS range. So said another way, this has been a tough year and we will not hit the 5% to 10% range this year. But again, if you start with the $2.40 base and you extrapolate that out for '14 and '15 on a compounded basis of 5% to 7% or even 7.5% on the mid-range, we feel pretty good about that for '14 and '15.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Mark, I just wanted to clarify that last point. It looks like the EPS is trending maybe down 6%, 7% year-over-year for fiscal '13. So it basically implies you've got to grow kind of from the mid-teens level for the next couple of years to hit that CAGR of 5% to 10%. Is your comment assuming organic growth or are you factoring in Nypro? I'm just trying to get a sense of what's driving that acceleration to sort of the mid-teens growth as we look at fiscal '14 and '15.
Mark T. Mondello: It would be both. But again, if you took some reasonable numbers for Nypro, if you extrapolated out the math, so if you took the math at again, the FY '12 number of $2.40, if you extrapolate out the compounded growth on that and to get a range for fiscal year '14 and '15, and you make some reasonable assumptions around the Nypro acquisition, I think what you'll find is, for us to achieve that earnings range, it would have to be a combination of both Nypro and organic growth.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just as my follow-up for you, Forbes, I apologize, Forbes, just on the CapEx question again. You talked about the capabilities expansion and manufacturing expansion. I'm really interested in these 2 buckets and just trying to understand. The capability expansion, you did talk about some incremental investment in Taiwan. I'm just trying to understand, is that related to Green Point and do you still feel comfortable getting to your $1 billion cash flow from ops number for this year?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Okay. Let me take the last one first. In terms of the cash flow, yes. To date, we generated a little bit in excess of $300 million for the first half of the year. That would imply a $600 million to $700 million back half year. So yes, we're sticking to our guns in that regard. We've got some good opportunities there and if we look at the profile of our cash flows year-over-year, in the back half of last fiscal year, we generated somewhere in the region of $600 million, $650 million in cash flows. So certainly, some good opportunity there and we can certainly believe we can drive to the $1 billion of operational cash flow. With regard to the first part of the question and the CapEx. Yes, what we've got going on is we've got about $100 million or so associated with about 1 million square feet of capacity expansion in China. Some of that -- a large part of that is associated with Chengdu, which I think, maybe 3 or 4 quarters ago, we talked about an agreement we had signed with the Chengdu authorities. So those buildings or a portion of those buildings are now up. The $100 million is associated with some of the fit out of those buildings, including dormitories, security, et cetera, et cetera there. So we would expect those to come online towards the end of this fiscal year, the first quarter of our fiscal '14, which I will remind everyone, that's a September timeframe. There's also additional square footage going in to Tianjin and a couple of other sites as well to meet demand. What I would say also to Chengdu, to Mark's earlier remarks, is that this site is not dedicated to any one particular industry segment, so it's a potential to be a large site over the coming years that would obviously be open to serve all customers and all industries that we do serve. In terms of the investments in Taiwan, that is really a hub of excellence for us in terms of research and development, material sciences capabilities in automation, so we are investing about $50 million there, expanding our R&D center there and making some material investments in terms of our automation capability, both in terms of equipment, square footage and engineering staff. That's going to be a very important aspect of our business as we move forward.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But is that related to any specific program ramp or is it just sort of longer...
Forbes I. J. Alexander: No, no. No. The investments around automation and recession, development are not attached to any specific program, no. This is broad-based. Automation could be applied to surface mount technology, it can be applied to material sciences. Engineering continues to move forward and as we continue to expand across broad markets, including those markets served today by Nypro, we do feel it's an important investment and a real opportunity for us as we move forward to remain competitive in terms of our cost base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Forbes, you reiterated the operating cash flow target of $1 billion. But if I look at that, that would be more than 2x your core earnings for the year. And I'm just struggling to understand how you get there. Normally, operating cash flow doesn't grow at 2x or more of core earnings. So how much of that is coming from working capital? I think every day of working capital is like $50 million. So even if you get a couple of days there, it just seems like an awfully big gap to bridge to get from your core earnings guidance to your cash flow guidance. So just looking for help and then I have a couple of follow-ups.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, absolutely, Brian. You're absolutely correct in terms of the number of days. A day is around about $50 million to us just given the scale we're at. So $305 million in the first half of the year, certainly with the guidance we provided in terms of operating income and EBITDA, certainly opportunity to status quo it as it were, another $300 million in the back half of the year. Where the real pressure point comes is in working capital. We've had an expansion over the last quarter or 2, in our working capital, which is disappointing and we do believe that there is very, very good opportunity to see our inventories come back to what I'd call more normalized levels, so that's 3 to 4 days out of there. This last quarter, we did see inventory expansion during the course of the quarter. So again, we see that drive that back down to 4 2, 4 250, type of level -- 2 4 excuse me 2 2 type level. We should see some really strong cash flows come off the back of that. So yes, you're absolutely right. It's all based around working capital management.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I can go back to DMS margins and look at it on a year-over-year basis, the operating margins are down, I think, over 50 basis points if I adjust both years for one-time items. I think last year, you had some issues in your Aftermarket business and then you talked about the cost for Nypro this year. So you're basically growing revenue 11%, profits are flat to down and the mix within DMS has been pretty favorable, as Specialized Services continues to grow as a percentage of the total and that's always been the most profitable part of the business. So I'm just trying to understand what specifically within DMS is causing the margin pressure on a year-over-year basis. Which segments are really underperforming and really driving the decline? Is any of this tied to Specialized Services and really, what I'm getting at is how much is volume driven and cyclical versus something that's more structural?
Mark T. Mondello: So Brian, I don't -- my hope is it certainly isn't structural. I think I look at the numbers year-over-year as about a 30 basis point difference. I take what I think was a 5.9% in Q2 '12, against a 5.4% in Q2 '13. But I normalized that 5.4% to a 5.6% based on the deal cost for Nypro, which was applied to the DMS area. So I look at a 30-basis point decline, we're certainly not happy with that. Both Forbes and I alluded to the fact that we've got some program ramps going on. So we're not seeing the typical margins on the mobility side or the MTG side, if you will, Specialized Services. And in Industrial, in Instrumentation and in Health Care, those are lagging at the moment. And again, I don't think those are structural issues. I think those are economic issues. And I would contend that as we get to the back half of the year and into fiscal year '14, we're going to see some relief in those different business units for DMS.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So I guess I'm confused. You're raising the CapEx forecast by $100 million for manufacturing expansion while DMS growth overall seems to be stalling, at least temporarily, and margins have been under pressure. I'm just trying to understand what gives you the confidence to move forward with these investments and what gives you the confidence that they're going to deliver acceptable returns and how are we thinking about DMS growth beyond the May quarter? Is this a business that you still feel committed to growing in the mid-teens and you have confidence and visibility in doing so?
Mark T. Mondello: Well, we mentioned earlier, the $100 million, I wouldn't make an assumption that, that's against production-type gear, some of that's structural gear around our low-cost footprint. If you also think about the mathematics we walked through and you think about taking the $2.40 from fiscal year '12, and you extrapolate that out for prior comments, that sets up for a pretty reasonable fiscal year '14 especially relative to '13. And as far as the 15% DMS growth, a couple of comments on that. I think when that was set back some time last year, we talked about that being kind of a long-term growth rate for DMS. And if you look at '11, '12 and '13 combined, I think on average, DMS has grown 20% or 25%. If you just take kind of a weighted average of how all that looks, fiscal year '13 is going to be below that range for sure. We'll see what type of guidance we end up providing as we move into '14. And in general terms, I'd say that we've been awfully successful in DMS and as that DMS business hits a base of $10 billion or greater, we're going to have to take a look at that growth rate, Brian. Again, that starts to become a big base of business and as we move into the end of '13 and move into '14, we'll take a hard look at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions on the DMS side as well. If I look at the May quarter guide and I realize you guys talked about program transition on the Specialized Services side, I think. Could you maybe talk about -- is that segment then expected to be down much more than 10% and you're actually expecting the Industrial and Health Care segments which have been declining for 3 quarters now, to start being more flattish? Can you maybe just talk about how you can have mix working out from a revenue basis as you go into the May quarter?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Sure, Amit. Yes, in terms of the May quarter, we are seeing stability slightly up in terms of, well, more stability, I would say, in terms of the Health Care Instrumentation and Industrial and Energy sectors. My sense is that we have hit the bottom there, particularly in Industrial & Clean Tech, where, I think, last quarter I talked about a number of programs and installs in smart metering being pushed to the right. So we're starting to see some stability there. So a lot of the lion's share is product transitions and as I said in my prepared remarks, we do see this being the bottom in terms of DMS, this 1 quarter event, and we'll start to see growth again in the August quarter.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And I guess, Forbes, just to clarify, when you say product transition, that's your customer doing a refresh, not a customer going away from you and you will see the ramp-up in August the way you historically have in these refreshes, right?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes. Our customer relationships are very strong across all our segments, and it's a transition between products. We've got a number of those going on across a number of areas within DMS.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Perfect. And then if I just follow up on the Nypro side. Could you maybe one, talk about the interaction you've had with the Nypro customers? Is there some level of risk on what's the customer attrition issues you could have? Could you maybe a, address that? And then when you talk about Nypro being that 6% off margin range, let's call it, does that factor in Nypro coming in the way it is or does that factor in fixing some of the consumer segment margin issues which I think are negative for Nypro? Could you maybe just talk about those 2 sides?
Mark T. Mondello: Sure, Amit. This is Mark. So the -- any time you do an acquisition, especially if you're acquiring a business that's not a product company but a service company much like our own, you always worry about customer attrition, shrinkage, loss. So far, all indications are quite positive. A number of folks from our team have already been out meeting with customers. I've done a number of those visits myself and I think although there's the general anxieties around the acquisition, I would characterize any type of potential customer loss or shrink to be very, very modest. And I think that's a great, great tribute to the folks at Nypro. They do a phenomenal job of taking care of their customers. The customers love the Nypro brand. And as we've talked about previously, I think one of the things that the customers are excited about is not only the combination of the 2 companies as far as capabilities and service offerings but in many ways, giving Nypro in the packaging side and the health care side, access to our balance sheet will be superb. There is a number of opportunities. I remind you that Nypro is an ESOP entity and they got a little bit caught in a position where, from a cash perspective, they had to reserve x amount of their cash or capital for ESOP redemptions. And so they haven't always been able to feed some of the business opportunities and I look forward to giving their business leaders, both on the health care side and the packaging side, access to capital. As far as margins, do the margins come over with Nypro as is? We intend to run the Healthcare business and the packaging business out of Clinton, Massachusetts, outside of Boston. We'll continue to fly those businesses strongly under the Nypro flag and the Nypro brand. And on the consumer side, we'll have their Consumer business consolidated with Jabil's Consumer business, that's an area we've competed with them directly. We've got a lot of respect for them in that area. And through that consolidation, there might be some cost savings or some cost synergies, if you will. But the real art around this deal is on the growth synergy side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Two questions. Just a brief follow-up for Nypro. What are the M&A costs included in the third quarter? And then just a follow-up on the CapEx and some of that commentary. With the incremental spending here in the second half of the year, what does that imply for I guess, fiscal '14 CapEx in terms of how we should think about it? And there was also just a comment in terms of, I think you made it, Mark, that you think you have too much capacity. I guess maybe if you could just explain that a little bit more and what the incremental capacity you're putting in Chengdu has to do with that.
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, I don't think I -- I don't know that I said we have too much capacity. I definitely said that we're always looking at structural cost. So make an interpretation of that I guess, but I do think we have too much cost in the company. I don't know that that's correlated directly to too much capacity but we are always looking at our structural cost. In regards to the Nypro deal cost, the majority of the Nypro deal costs were realized in Q2 and again, that goes back to Forbes' prepared comments around the -- overrun of $5 million we had forecasted, deal cost and had those in our guidance and we overran that by $5 million and that was costs pulled from Q3 into Q2. I'd characterize our deal costs in Q3 as very modest and they're already embedded in our guidance.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: I guess just following up on that first answer then, in terms of structural cost, that means you're looking to go, at least to me, to lower-cost locations, which is in Chengdu. Is that something in terms of those costs, if you decided to close a facility, that you'd run through the P&L or would that be kind of a one-time item?
Mark T. Mondello: If we ended up doing any type of big structural changes, it would probably be a one-time item. And again, we would guide you through that and provide plenty of transparency on that if we decided to do that, Shawn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to know if you had more than 1 greater than 10% customer this quarter?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: No, just one 10% customer.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then I wanted to ask a little about the margins in the different segments. You did comment on the Enterprise & Infrastructure segment getting to 3% by the end of the year. Just wanted to get a sense of your expectations for the margins in DMS and High Velocity. If we were somewhere around 5.6% in DMS, would you expect those margins to be down because the volumes are down in the third quarter? And then on High Velocity, that being a bit better, would you expect margins to get back to the 3% range or are we still going to be in the 2s?
Mark T. Mondello: Sherri, I'd answer it this way. I think management has good confidence to have both DMS and High Velocity back into our long-term ranges as we get to the back half of the year and certainly, into fiscal year '14.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So on diversified though, do you expect the margins to decline a bit as we move through March and then improve in August?
Mark T. Mondello: No.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Not decline, you don't expect it to decline?
Mark T. Mondello: That's correct. Not decline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi Financial.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A question is, you've mentioned that EPS growth is going to be in the neighborhood of $5 to $10, not necessarily this year, but as a CAGR if you include this year and going forward with Nypro. The question I have is, if you exclude Nypro, what is the EPS for Jabil that you see organically if you exclude Nypro?
Mark T. Mondello: Jim, we've looked at that internally. We haven't provided a lot of guidance around Nypro. Again, as we fold Nypro into the company, we'll start to provide a bit more clarity on where the margin range is for that. And again, we've guided that with Nypro that it would be accretive in the first 12 months and then it would certainly fall into the long-term range of DMS 5.5% to 7%. I'd just go back to my prior comment, where, again, if you take the CAGR calculation off of the FY '12 base and you come up with a range for '14 and '15, it will be a combination of contributions from Nypro and organic.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. But doing the math, it seems like the majority of that is simply Nypro and not Jabil organic. Is that fair?
Mark T. Mondello: I don't know that that's fair. I guess it all depends on your assumptions around Nypro.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then my second question is, is that DMS is a little bit softer than expected and you're also acquiring Nypro, which I assume, brings in some more skill sets and capabilities, maybe not exactly what Jabil needs or whatever. I'm just curious if you can just back up and go over again, why increase CapEx if trends are a little bit softer in DMS? Why is CapEx going higher?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Okay. So Jim, the CapEx is principally around capacity and the scale of the capacity that we're anticipating need for as we move into fiscal '14. We've got line of sight. I think historically, we're not a corporation that will potentially build infrastructure if we don't have line of sight around some good brands and opportunities. So we're talking about 1 million square feet in China. To get that capacity up, that's somewhere overall between 6 and 9 months to do that. And the CapEx will be phased primarily over the next 6 months to allow us then to have the space available and production running at some point in our November quarter, so our first fiscal quarter of '14. So whilst we're seeing a little bit of transition here in Q3, we do expect a resumption of growth in our fourth fiscal quarter, so starting in June, July and we would expect to continue the expansion as we move through into our November quarter and beyond.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then capital deployment, I assume with buying Nypro, you still have enough cash flow to keep your dividend going but maybe not increase it and not increase your stock buyback or should we just think about capital deployment as currently you have it now?
Mark T. Mondello: Jim, I think as we sit today, we feel comfortable in being able to fund the Nypro deal, still pay a dividend and then continue to give strong consideration of share buyback. One of the things that we've talked about is on the share buyback, is any type of equity we use for executive comp, et cetera, et cetera, we'd like to retire an equivalent amount of shares through continued buybacks. So as we sit today, cash flows appear strong enough to do both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham.
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a question as we drill down a little bit into Specialized Services. The Materials Technology business today, is there any way to give us a sense of where the utilization is within that business and how much that's really been affected by the customer demand changes with the transitions versus how you were also kind of in step adding capacity?
Mark T. Mondello: Yes, Sean, I'd rather not get into asset utilization, if you will, but I'd frame it out this way. I really, really like the continued diversification we have in the company. And that has to do with what we're doing in High Velocity, what we're doing with a big base of our customers in E&I and then all of the different businesses we characterize as DMS. With that, we'd still have portions of our business that are a bit cyclical. And so, especially in the MTG area, asset utilization can ebb and flow but I can tell you that we've got awfully detailed processes and we obsess about that because it's got such an impact to margins. But any type of CapEx or any type of plans we have now as far as overall fixed assets are preparing for production as we get into late FY '13 or early FY '14.
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question, from a very general standpoint around program ramps, '13 I think, was really looked at as a year where we were going to begin to harvest a lot of what had felt to be a surge in a lot of program wins, I think in -- particularly, through 2012. So just looking to see if you can perhaps elaborate for us on how the challenging macro conditions are perhaps having an impact on ramps for truly new programs and any degree you're seeing push outs or concerns or delays at some customers?
Mark T. Mondello: I'd say in general, the mobility market in general, remains strong and I chuckle when I say that. Strong on a relative basis to the macro conditions. We also have some ramps in our E&I business that are still good for us even though they're facing some headwinds. And then again, there's a vast majority of businesses in general that again, are a bit muted. And based on our analysis and speaking with customers as we get to the tail end of 2012 and move into calendar '14, hopefully we'll get a little wind at our back.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Beth Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth A. Walters: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. And as usual, we will be available for any follow-up questions that investors might have and we'll make ourselves available to you. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-12-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Jabil First Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communication and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter of 2013 earnings call. Joining me today are President and CEO, Timothy Main; Chief Operating Officer, Mark Mondello; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investor section. Our first quarter press release and corresponding webcast with slides are also available on the website. In these slides, you will find the financial information that we cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website and beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2013 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company, and improvements in our operational efficiencies and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2012, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with our first fiscal quarter results, highlights and comments from Forbes Alexander, as well as guidance for our second fiscal quarter of 2013. Tim Main will follow with macro environment and Jabil specific comments about our performance. We will then open up the call to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Hello, everyone. I ask you to please refer to slide three. Net revenue for the first quarter was $4.6 billion, an increase of 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $170.3 million or 3.7% of revenue, which compares to $170.8 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $4.3 billion or 3.9% for the same period in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.51. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation decreased 1% to $192.5 million, represents 4.2% of revenue. This compares to $194.6 million or 4.5% for the same period in the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.61. If you now please turn to slide four, we’ll discuss our segments. In the first quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 20% on a year-over-year basis, driven by continued strength in Specialized Services, while offset by weakness in Instrumentation, Clean Tech products related to the smart grid rollout encompassing meter -- meters, solar and wind related products. Revenue for the segment was approximately $2.2 billion, representing 47% total company revenue. Core operating income expanded in the quarter to 5.8% of revenue. Enterprise & Infrastructure segment increased 17% on a year-over-year basis. As we’d expect revenue was approximately $1.4 billion, representing 30% total company revenue in the first quarter. Core operating income for the segment is consistent with the previous quarter at 2.4% of revenue. The High Velocity segment decreased to 20% on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by declines in handset volumes. Revenue was $1 billion, representing approximately 23% of total company revenue. Revenue performed better than our guidance as we saw strength in the quarter in handset volumes, offset by weakness in printing and set-top box revenues. As a result, core operating income for the segment was 3.2% of revenue. I now ask you to refer slide five. We ended the quarter with cash balances of approximately $1.03 billion. During the quarter, cash flow from operations were as expected, approximately $152 million. Capital expenditures were $165 million but majority of these investments being focused towards our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. In addition, during the course of the quarter, we purchased approximately 7.3 million shares, totaling $129 million, an average price of $17.58, exhausting our approved stock repurchase program. Our sales cycle increased by approximately two days, primarily as a result of growth in inventory levels, position to support revenue levels in the first month of our second fiscal quarter. Our core EBITDA in the quarter was approximately $284 million, representing 6.1% of revenue. Now, GAAP return on invested capital for the quarter was 21%. We’re pleased with the operating performance in our first fiscal quarter. Core operating performance was well within our expected range while revenues above. We are off to a great start in terms of our cash generation with continued expectations generating $1 billion from operational cash flows in the current fiscal year. I’m also very pleased to note that earlier in December, Standard & Poor’s upgraded our corporate credit and senior unsecured issue ratings to BBB minus from BB plus. Our capital expenditure estimates for the fiscal year remained in the previously guided range. I would now expect expenditures to be -- excuse me, to be towards the higher end of that range for $500 million as we continue to make investments to support ongoing growth in our Diversified Manufacturing Services footprint and capabilities. If you now please turn to slide seven and eight, where I’ll discuss our second quarter guidance. We expect revenue in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis to increase approximately 4% to be within the range of $4.3 billion to $4.5 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $185 million and core operating margin in the range of 3.8% to 4.1%. Our GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.48 per diluted share and core earnings per share estimated to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.58 per diluted share. This being based upon a diluted share count of 208 million shares. Based upon the current estimates of production, tax rate on core operating income is expected to remain at 22% for the quarter and the full fiscal year. Capital expenditures in the quarter are estimated to be $200 million. Turning to our segments and year-on-year performance, the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase 7%. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment is expected to increase 15%. And finally, our High Velocity segment is expected to decline 13% on a year-over-year basis. I’d now like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Timothy Main: Thank you, Forbes. This was an interesting quarter. The primary takeaway for me is the robust revenue growth, which I think is remarkable in the current environment. I would also highlight growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services which rose to 47% on our overall business. On each of these dimensions, the quarter was record setting for the company. Growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure was a bit better than planned. This was welcomed in an otherwise lackluster-demand environment. Year-over-year, margins were up 40 basis points. We’d like to see more progress but we believe we’re on path to be within our targeted range by year end. We are making investments in complex order fulfillment capabilities diluting near-term progress. The new leadership of this business area is taking a page from the High Velocity playbook, focusing on customer service and remanufacturing principles to improve results further. In the High Velocity sector, business conditions weakened a bit. A notable exception of this being mobility products which enjoyed a stronger than expected quarter. For the sector overall, we are pleased with the results and prospects for the year. Our DMS sector is now pacing in excess of $8 billion per year. We’ve enjoyed multiple years of strong growth and now have significant scale to build upon. Quarter-on-quarter margins improved 50 basis points and are within our targeted long-term range. Additional growth and improvements in our Healthcare & Instrumentation and our Industrial & Clean Tech businesses, which serve to drive margins higher in the range. Specialized services and in particular, our Materials Technology Group continued to leverage growth through remarkable levels. Specialized Service is now 31% of our overall business, representing unique value stream for Jabil. AMS is investing in expanding capabilities to advance logistics and IT intensive services in emerging markets, while also expanding to serve new verticals. The MTG group has become a leader in both innovation and scale. And we will continue to invest in MTG’s growth. Specialized services, is a higher value add non-electronics set of capabilities, providing us with solid diversification and new paths for future growth. Our focused strategy of driving growth and returns in a differentiated manner continues. Please turn to slide 10. I’ll take a moment to discuss this slide. Here we compare Jabil’s DMS sector size and growth rate with that of our North American competition. We’ve taken publicly available information and reconciled the data to provide us close to an apples-to-apples comparison as possible, adjusted to a calendar-year basis. The X-axis of this chart reflects the dollars of revenue added to the respective DMS sectors in the last three calendar years, the years being 2010 through 2012. The Y-axis reflects compound annual growth rate over that same time frame while the bubbles are representative of the estimated calendar 2012 revenue for each provider. Jabil is represented by the green bubble. You can see that Jabil has added approximately $3 billion of revenue in the Diversified Manufacturing segments during the period, a compound annual growth rate approximating 30%. Jabil’s DMS revenues are expected to be about $7.8 billion in calendar 2012, representing an excess of 40% of the total DMS revenue expected by North American providers for the year. Jabil’s in a unique position enjoying the benefit of diversification and scale that comes with successfully competing an E&I, High Velocity and DMS sectors. With efficient operations in E&I and High Velocity combined with a large and growing presence in Diversified Manufacturing Services, we are in an advantage position to drive margin and cash flow generation. Please turn to slide 11. Here we compare absolute EBITDA dollars and margins among the largest North American EMS providers for the most recent trailing 12-month period. The bubble size in X-axis exhibit absolute EBITDA dollars while the Y-axis exhibit EBITDA margins. Two companies dominate the market today and are responsible for over 70% of the dollars generated in the industry. However, Jabil’s intense focus on operational efficiency and growth in DMS places it in a unique position of combining scale and cash flow. Perhaps this is one of the reasons Jabil’s recently upgraded to investment grade by S&P. We planned to continue investing in our capabilities, customer services and people. We are in a competitive business and understand we must continuously improve our value proposition for customers. With this in mind and in spite of the uncertain environment, we remain optimistic about our prospects for the future.
Beth Walters: Operator, we’re ready to take questions from our call attendees.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Afternoon, guys. Couple of questions, two questions for me, I guess. One, just from the third quarter -- you guys were talking about the DMS segment being down 8%, 9% sequentially. We certainly get a sense, do you think that’s going to be uniform across the three sub-sectors or do you think Health & Industrial segments may start to hit a bottom from a revenue basis or do you think they’re going to get a bit more softer in the Specialized Services -- if you just maybe comment on that, it will be helpful?
Timothy Main: I think within the Specialized Services area, there is certainly a lot of smartphone content, mobility content which does have a seasonal element. I think we should see the Healthcare & Instrumentation and the Industrial & Clean Tech stabilize in Q2, Q3 and then start to grow again as we get to the second half of the year. There is primarily a seasonal pattern on it.]
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. And then if you maybe just touch on the inventory numbers, I think it was up about 9% sequentially in November. If could you just talk about drove that, is that for some ramps that you were building up of the third quarter. And if you talk of maybe how much of that was finished good versus raw material, it will be helpful?
Forbes Alexander: Hi, Amit. I’m Forbes. In terms of our overall spread of inventory, the finished goods is pretty consistent for the problems we see that I believe that’s we’re in about 13% to 14% of the inventory level. That’s been pretty consistent now for the last two or three years, so nothing extraordinary there. Finished goods did rise, I think, on average like $30 million to $40 million. But the overall growth in inventory is no pre-positioning of inventory for this upcoming quarter. You know there is still lot of mobility products to be built and shipped in the early part of this quarter that the sell through into carriers and such like. So that’s the main reason and then, we should see that start to normalize in our second fiscal quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach: Yeah. Thank you. Tim, can you provide an update on that AMS business in terms of pipeline today and then just also the potential M&A environment and how you’re looking at that business going forward?
Timothy Main: The business is growing at about 9%, 10% year-over-year. So the pipeline of opportunity is good there. They’ve extended their business into some very advance logistics and forward logistics capabilities, taking on new business areas and places like the African continent and other areas that are very challenging, very IT intensive and are really stretching their capabilities. We think long-term they will pay -- those efforts will pay really extraordinary dividends. We’re active as always and looking for acquisitions and other opportunities to build capabilities there. But right now their plate is very full with the customers and pipeline of opportunities that they have on an organic basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander: Hi. Thanks. Good evening guys. So looks like you’re guiding revenue down about 5% sequentially, EPS down about 12%, if I use the midpoint of the guidance. So, could you just talk about the operating margin decline that you’re looking for in the February quarter, 20 basis points or so? How much of that is being driven by the mix shift away from DMS and how much would you attribute to margin declines within some of your segments? And if you can maybe just give us some directional color on margins by segment, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Timothy Main: It’s pretty tough to isolate how much of it is just deleveraging on the revenue being down and how much of it is associated by segment because it’s kind of tough to pick apart. It’s really very consistent, if you look back over our history. It’s actually a very low level of seasonality in terms of being 5% down. The last three, four years have been low single to 5% kind of seasonality. It’s a lot less than it’s historically been and the level of income that’s coming out of the model for Q2 is very consistent with deleveraging probably a little bit less than what we’ve seen historically. Historically, we see something on the order of $0.15 to $0.20 on the $1 and in this case, it’s less than that. So, I don’t think it should be surprising from a deleveraging standpoint. Directionally, in terms of margins for the business, I said in the last conference call and I just reiterate that here a little bit. We see that Enterprise & Infrastructure and the High Velocity margins, coalescing in the 3% range notwithstanding the fact that they have different long-term targets at least to the next three to five quarters. I think we’d expect the average of the two to be in the 3% range, maybe a little bit better as we exit that period, but kind of an average at 3%. And I think that in terms of Diversified Manufacturing Services, if you looked forward a few quarters, we should be able to average 6% or a little bit better. So, that would model to something in the mid four’s for the company overall, which we think is a reasonable way to look at it beyond Q2, so looking at Q3, Q4 and maybe Q1 of 2014.
Brian Alexander: Okay. Just a quick follow-up, Tim, on the -- I didn’t hear you allude to the EPS growth for fiscal ‘13. I think last quarter we talked about 5% to 10% growth. So I don’t know if that’s still something that you’re expecting or if that’s off the table. I think you need to generate about 55% of the year in the second half. So just thought I would check on that? Thanks.
Timothy Main: Yeah. I don’t think -- we’re not pulling away from the 5% to 10%, although I’d say based on the fact that the first half of the year is about what we thought it’d be that we probably trend more towards the low-end of that 5% to 10% range.
Brian Alexander: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Timothy Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi: Hi. Thank you. Just a couple of questions. Forbes, maybe just an appreciation of why the turnaround or improvement in E&I margins appears to be taking longer. Revenues seem to be holding up relatively well. So I was hoping you could maybe just touch on that? And then for High Velocity, as we move into the February quarter, one of your mobile customers will be ramping. Should we expect operating margin to stay above the 3% range or do you think we could probably see the operating margins in the high two’s?
Mark Mondello: This is Mark. In regards to the…
Amitabh Passi: Hey, Mark.
Mark Mondello: How are you doing? In regards to the E&I margins, I actually think we’re on track. We put the team in place from High Velocity and exploiting some of our High Velocity capabilities. So we are in the process of consolidating resources, managing cost containment, driving lowest landed cost solutions, optimizing working capital and improving operational efficiencies. At the same time, taking great care of the customers and providing good customer service. As we had talked about recently on the road, we feel optimistic about getting to the 3% with little wind at our back as far as revenue recovery to the extent we get some type of macro economic recovery that will help that much more.
Amitabh Passi: And then just on the HVS margins as we look at the February quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. Directionally, as we look into the February quarter, we’ve experienced some weakness in printing and set-top box as we’ve gone through the first quarter. And there seem some similar patterns as we move into Q2 with some seasonal adjustments there, some strength in handset, can’t discuss particular customers plans there, but obviously, we have a customer within High Velocity that clearly looking to launch product sometime during our second fiscal quarter. We’ll see how that plays out. But we have seen some drift down in the margin just as handset content increases within relative scale in our High Velocity. So, depending where those volumes go, so I would say to be consistent to maybe down a little bit, depending on the levels of handset volumes we see sell-through in Q2.
Amitabh Passi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel Nicolaus.
Matt Sheerin: Yeah. Thanks. First just quick question on your customer exposure, could you tell us, what if any 10% customers were in the quarter and what that top 10 customers represent as a percentage of sales?
Timothy Main: Yeah. We have one 10% customer and that’s in the Diversified Manufacturing Services area in the quarter.
Matt Sheerin: Could you be specific about that number, is it more than 15%?
Timothy Main: No. Just we had one 10% customer.
Matt Sheerin: Okay.
Timothy Main: And our top 10 customers are pretty consistent actually around about 61%.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And then on the E&I segment where you continue to see some good growth there relative to the end markets obviously being weak, how much of that is on the new program ramps versus what you are seeing from your customers in terms of end demand? And if you could be specific about the new program ramps or pipeline within that business breaking down into the various segments of that industry?
Mark Mondello: Yeah. I would just answer that, in general terms, I think that most of what we are seeing on E&I in the early half of fiscal year ‘13 and carrying to the back half of the year wins that we realized mid to end of fiscal year ‘12, the market conditions have been quite tough in that entire sector. The one good thing is we continue to serve some of the best brands whether it would be in storage, networking or telecom. What we are seeing is if there is any uptick the carriers and entities are starting to spend some level of CapEx for network and infrastructure expansion especially around the 4G and the LTE area. But as far as specific program wins or we’d not rather keep it at a general level.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. And just a quick follow up on that, Mark, relative to the pricing environment, we obviously saw the Juniper and Plexus news talk from other EMS guys about a little bit more pricing pressure, obviously a tough market to begin with, are you starting to see some more pricing pressure on these new deals?
Mark Mondello: I wouldn’t characterize it is as new pricing pressure. We’ve been in that market long time and we are always under pretty intense pricing pressure. So as I alluded to you earlier, we’ve got I think 10 minutes prepared statement called it our High Velocity playbook. What he is alluding to you there is we are taking some of our consumer type High Velocity capabilities again around cost containment and optimizing working capital, and consolidating resources et cetera, et cetera to be hear that, we can not only offer competitive pricing but get reasonable returns and get us to the 3% margin range by the end of the year.
Matt Sheerin: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions, first of all just in terms of new programs. Just sound clear, it doesn’t sound like you were talking about any other new program wins in the last couple months helping this year’s revenue. Have you seen any -- is there anything in highlight in terms of momentum since the last quarter? And then specifically with that could you talk a little bit about your ability to maybe Diversified and Specialized Services away from just one largest customers, you had any success there? And then I have a follow up.
Timothy Main: Which segment -- in the first part of your question which segment are you referring too?
Steven Fox: Just in general terms -- just any kind of new program commentary just going forward beyond what we’ve already talked about?
Timothy Main: Yeah. Little too diverse and dispersed really categorize any major new programs that we’ve won. Some of the areas of our business were actually precluded from talking about new wins. But we feel good about it being growth here. I think, most people would be looking for a topline growth this year. We are off to a really fabulous start. So, in terms of FY ‘13 over FY ‘12 should be a good year. Mark eluded to an Enterprise & Infrastructure at least wins that we are secured in FY ‘12 contributing FY ‘13 revenue. So and Specialized Services, we do have an aftermarket services business there that’s growing, that’s a component of Specialized Services. Our MTG group does have a high level of concentration. Although, we do business with virtually every major mobility company in the world today, so that revenue is little bit more diverse than what maybe people think. It’s expanding into areas -- other areas of consumer electronics, optics and healthcare, which we hope to accelerate in the near future. We, again, within customers it’s always the objective of the company to diversify within each major customer. So, there is a quite a bit of program and product diversity within our MTG group. I think tend -- people tend to think about that is very one-dimensional in terms of product and we participate in a broad range of products over 25, 30 different programs and literally 100’s of different part number. So that stream of value is quite a bit more diverse in terms of product categories and what folks have typically associated with it, so.
Steven Fox: Yeah. I appreciate that. That’s very helpful. And then just a quick follow up. Just to be clear, you guys have had some Jabil’s specific issues that have affected the margins over the few quarters. But if I understood the commentary correctly, there is some investments going on in E&I. But generally speaking as we look at the margins for rest of the year we’re basically looking at margins being driven by revenues, quarter-to-quarter changes in revenues or are there other things we should factor in?
Timothy Main: Well, for Q2, I think you just have to take it for what it is, its revenue deleveraging and we are still looking at, growth here for Jabil, so that would imply that the second half of the year will be very good from a revenue and margin standpoint at least that’s the way we see it today. And I think we would see some, particularly if we get some tailwind in the Healthcare & Instrumentation, Industrial & Clean Tech areas that stabilize and start to improve a little bit, that the DMS margins might start with the 6 in the second half of the year and between the E&I and High Velocity segments, if we average 3 that would apply operating margins for the company overall in the mid 4’s. By the end of the year based on growth rates, we should see Diversified Manufacturing Services become 50% of our business.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you very much.
Timothy Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah. Thank you. Your DMS segment margins improved nicely relative to last quarter. Tim, can you give us some sense of what percent of capacity has been ramped up so far or maybe which inning you are in with the ramps in Specialized Services such that is it like realistic to think that exiting next quarter, the drag from the ongoing ramps will be entirely behind you?
Timothy Main: We are in a kind of a continuous state of capacity expansion. Forbes mentioned CapEx trending towards the high end of the $500 million range, which means it will be adding capacity throughout the year. So we are at very high levels of utilization. We will be building additional capacity, not all of which is in Specialized Services but fundamentally the vast majority of it into Diversified Manufacturing Services. So in terms of the drag I think a lot of the interruptions that we highlighted in our Q4 call started to -- started to decline over the course of Q1 and we feel much better about the position in that we are today. I think margins would have been better in DMS, if we had not seen, a fairly significant decline in Clean Tech & Instrumentation business, which is very understandable given the dynamics and particularly when you start thinking about renewable energy and spark demetering, which tend to be government subsidy related. So I think that stabilizes and we start to improve margins in the Healthcare & Industrial areas, but the overall DMS margin picture can improve.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks Tim. And just a follow up, I mean, you mentioned, I think, in your answer to the last question that you could get to 6% DMS margins in the back half? But could you get there even if your levels of revenue at in sort of the Healthcare & Instrumentation and Industrial & Clean Tech you may have levels where they are today? Thanks.
Timothy Main: I think that’s possible, I mean, we’ll have to see how things go. We have growth in Healthcare & Industrial, actually it isolate the Healthcare only business, it’s actually very stable and we’re positioned for some growth. And the same is true of the Industrial business. If we isolate Clean Tech from the Industrial area, the Industrial business has been very stable and poised for growth for the balance of the year. So we just kind of need the Instrumentation & Clean Tech areas to be stable. They don’t need to grow. They just need to stop eroding to the extent that they did in the last quarter and then we’ll see the Industrial & Healthcare business grow, and that will be accretive to the overall business.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Timothy Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Hi. Two questions, just a follow up on the capacity, maybe another way to think about it is, how much square footage have you been adding for DMS. I guess over the past 12 months, at the end of this CapEx cycle how much will square footage increase? And then the second question is with the buyback complete, very good prices, are you looking at doing another buyback here during the remainder of the year?
Timothy Main: I’m not sure how many square feet we’ve added. It’s enough to accommodate $500 million worth of stuff. I’m not being obtuse on purpose, I really, I just don’t know off hand and I’m not sure that’s a metric that will be valuable in anyway. But we are adding a lot of space. Forbes, you want to address that?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. We said -- as you say, we’ve completed the stock repurchase. Certainly, at this juncture, no major plans to increase that or look for additional repurchase authorization. We are well-positioned in terms of our cash generation this year. So expect about a $1 billion of cash flow. As we said earlier, we now expect our CapEx to be at the $500 million level. But we want to continue to manage the balance sheet conservatively as we move forward here and make sure we do have liquidity available to continue to invest where we feel it’s appropriate in that, enhancing our capabilities, the acquisition or continued on this, really good organic growth path we’re on.
Shawn Harrison: I guess with the $500 million, does that give you breathing room in terms of utilization within DMS or are you still going to be with kind of running up against it?
Forbes Alexander: No. I think that will, once we deploy, I mean, that would certainly give us, some breathing room, obviously we’re laying down additional square footage, we talked a couple of quarters to go about expansion in Chengdu with up to 2 million square feet. We don’t at this juncture plan on building the full 2 million, but certainly we’d expect perhaps half of that as we exit end of ‘15, excuse me, ‘13. We’ll see how that plays. But there will be some capacity and we’ll review that as we move through the fiscal year as to demand patterns we’re seeing there.
Shawn Harrison: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you. Happy holidays, and congratulation to you and your team at Jabil. When we look at your guidance and well, I’m talking February quarter year-over-year, I was looking at year-over-year kind of remove seasonality. Can you help us understand why EPS is not growing but sales is growing and DMS is a much bigger part of your company? Is it still the yield issues within DMS and if so, when you talk about 5% to 10% EPS growth this year, if my math was correct that would be materially second half ramp, is that correct? And how should we think about how you can get from not year-over-year EPS growth right now, but yet such a big increase in the second half of the year? Then my follow up question which is probably for Forbes, you used the cash, stock buyback you finished it, you did quite a bit looking to hit CapEx up a little bit? But is your plan use for cash number centered around M&A, engineering talent, CapEx, dividend, help us better understand your viewpoint for cash, because you’re looking to be in a quite healthy situation? Thank you. And again happy holidays and congratulations.
Timothy Main: Thanks Jim. Yeah. I think, year-over-year when we look at the DMS margins, they are down about 90 basis points that’s, we are not pleased with that, we’d like to see that be in a higher registered in the 6% range for sure at least. A lot of that is investments in AMS and the aforementioned headwinds that we are seeing in the Clean Tech & Instrumentation area, our Specialized Services area is actually doing relatively well year-over-year. So, and again, I think, we’ll see marginal improvement in that area in the second half of the year. So, and I think, we’re really pleased with the 50 basis point improvement in that area quarter-on-quarter. Our targeted range is 5.5% to 7% and we’re at 5.8% and a little bit better improvement and we’ll see 6% again.
Forbes Alexander: In terms of the cash flow, Jim, I think you hit the nail in the head there, we’re in a really strong position from a cash flow generation perspective and as I said to previous comments, our main focus with our cash generation is to ensure liquidity to focus on what has been some -- in this macro economic backdrop impressive growth organically. And also from an engineering talent perspective, from an acquisition perspective should we see we need to further expand our capabilities or enhance the revenue stream. So that’s our key focus. We are committed to our dividend as it is today and we will see how the balance of the year goes in terms of our cash generation. But we feel really good about the position we are in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan: Yeah. Thank you. Good evening.
Timothy Main: Hi.
Sean Hannan: Quick question around, there have been a number of comments out there about reduced orders at your biggest customer and really based on bottlenecks within the supply chain. I haven’t really heard that addressed or referenced too much during the call and I wanted to see if we could get a perspective around that?
Timothy Main: There is no way that we could talk about supply chain bottlenecks or anything to do with any individual customer’s business.
Sean Hannan: Okay. Well looks like we’ll moves to the second question. All right. So when you think about your new business, is there a way Tim or Mark, if you could provide an overview of how you are looking at the ramps on the horizon this year. Perhaps where you feel a little bit more confident in realizing the intended scale and timing of programs maybe you have rolled up at a segment level versus where there may be modifications on the state of the macro environment? Are there some areas being affected a little bit more so than others? Thanks.
Timothy Main: I think in terms of weakness for the last couple of quarters, and I think in terms of the present tense, any business area that relies on business spending, capital spending and government spending has been really weak and really over the last four, five months of the year, we can even further. So, I think in terms of business confidence, we need to see that turnaround a little bit so that, those capital spending areas can improve. Now, that said, we feel like we have line of sight to adequate Enterprise & Infrastructure growth for the year even in the poor spending environment. So we actually feel good about that. In the High Velocity area, there has been some weakness as Forbes outlined in set-top boxes and printers. There is really not much to make us believe that there will be any type of robust recovery in those business areas anytime soon. Our mobility business on the other hand is -- looks like that could trend upwards over the course of the year. So, I guess, we’re cautiously optimistic about that element. In Diversified Manufacturing Services, as I said the Industrial and the Healthcare areas are relatively stable, and we do have a pipeline of opportunity that could supply -- not spectacularly growth, but growth. And if we see the Clean Tech & Instrumentation level out improve a little bit that would really contribute to a better margin picture in the DMS area. In Aftermarket Services, they are in the midst of ramping some very large, very complex customers. If those customers are successfully ramped over the course of the next quarter or two, I think that can contribute to much better earnings and margin performance in the second half of the year. And then in the Materials Technology Group, we think that will be another good year of growth.
Sean Hannan: Thanks very much.
Timothy Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to dig a little bit into the DMS segment, the guidance was for up 7% year-over-year. And I think your long-term guidance is for 15%. I think that suggest you’re going to need to see some improvement in the back half. Just trying to understand what the puts and takes are in that 7% being below your expectations and should we assume you’ll see some improvement in the back half in that segment?
Timothy Main: Yeah. I’d say that you’re applying a long-term target to a single quarter and a seasonally down quarter at that. It was up 20% in the first quarter. So I think when we look back at this time next year, we’ll easily see a 15% growth rate for the year, so not filled with much concern there. This is with the growth in Specialized Services in that business, Sherri, that’s going to be a little bit more seasonal than maybe it has been historically, if that part of the business increases as a percentage of the total DMS area. So still feel very good about the 15% year-over-year growth.
Sherri Scribner: Okay. Great. And then just a technical question for Forbes, I think the share count guidance for the second quarter was flat q-over-q, but you guys did a lot of buybacks in the first quarter. Was that first quarter buyback weighted to the beginning of the quarter or should we expect share count to be maybe even a little bit lower than the 208? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. It was predominately weighted to early on in the quarter, Sherri. We do have the issuance of some equity, typical period of equity issuance late in October of each year. So we will have the full effect of that issuance offsetting some of that buyback in the second fiscal quarter.
Sherri Scribner: Great. Thank you.
Timothy Main: Welcome.
Beth Walters: Operator…
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Okay. Great. Thank you very much everyone for your participation on the call today. We will be available through the balance of the week for any follow-up questions you might have on the quarter. And I might just also note that Tim Main will be our guest on Mad Money tomorrow afternoon somewhere around 5 o’clock. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-09-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy L. Main - President and CEO, Director Forbes I.J. Alexander - CFO Beth Walters - SVP, Investor Relations and Communications
Analysts: Brian Alexander - Raymond James Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Steven Fox - Cross Research Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Jabil Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I’d now like to turn today’s presentation over to Ms. Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communication and Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter of 2012 earnings call. Joining me today are President and CEO, Timothy Main, and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, Jabil.com, in the Investor section. Our fourth quarter press release and corresponding webcast slides are also available on our website. In these slides, you will find the financial information that we cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website and beginning with slide 2, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2013 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our Company, and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2011, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2012 results, highlights and comments from Forbes Alexander, as well as guidance on our first quarter of 2013. Tim Main will follow on with macro environment and Jabil specific comments about our performance, our updated long-term guidance and our current outlook. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. As a remainder, we cannot discuss customer specific programs and relationships and we will not be doing so on today’s call. I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth and hello everyone. I ask you to start with slide 3. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was $4.3 billion, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $144.2 million or 3.3% of revenue, which compares to $165.5 million of GAAP operating income on revenues of $4.3 billion or 3.9% for the same period in the prior-year. GAAP diluted earnings per share with $0.39. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, and a distressed customer charge decreased 6% to $175 million, and represented 4% of revenue. This compares to $187 million, or 4.4% for the same period in the prior-year. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.54, a decrease of 13% over the prior-year. Please note that our GAAP operating results were negatively impacted by approximately $5.9 million during the quarter, as a result of charges taken connected to our solar business. These charges were isolated with one customer. Given the very difficult industry conditions, we’re operating with an abundance of caution with any solar or solar related opportunity with strict contractual operating agreements in place. Now I’d ask you to turn to slide 4. In the fiscal 2012, net revenue was $17.2 billion, an increase of 4% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income increased 7% to $622 million, representing 3.6% of revenue. This compares to $579 million for operating income on revenues of $16.5 billion and 3.5% of revenue in fiscal 2011. Diluted earnings per share was $1.87, an 8% increase over the prior-year. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, loss on disposal subsidiaries, settlement of receivables and related charges increased 3% to $736 million and represents 4.3% of revenue. This compares to $715 million or 4.3% for the same period in the prior-year. Core diluted earnings per share was $2.40, an increase of 3% over fiscal 2011. I’d now ask you to turn to slide 5 to discuss our fourth quarter segment performance. In the fourth quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 14% on a year-over-year basis, driven by continued strength in Specialized Services, growth in Instrumentation & Healthcare offset by softening of demand in Defense and Aerospace and Industrial & Clean Tech.
 : The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment declined 5% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.3 billion representing 30% of total Company revenue in the fourth quarter. Core operating income for the segment was 2.4%, an improvement of 20 basis points on a sequential basis. We expect to see continued positive progression during the course of fiscal 2013 with regards to operating performance. The High Velocity segment decreased 10% on a year-over-year basis, driven by continued weakness in handset volumes. Revenue was $1.1 billion, representing approximately 25% of total Company revenue in the quarter. Despite large declines in our handset business, core operating income for the segment remained 3.8% of revenue. I now ask you to turn to slide 6, for discussion of our segment performance on a yearly basis. In fiscal 2012, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 24%. Revenue was approximately $7.5 billion, representing 44% of total Company revenue. Core operating income was 6.1% of revenue for the full-year. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment decreased 2% in fiscal 2012. Revenue was approximately $5.1 billion representing 29% of total Company revenue. Core operating income was 2.1% for the full-year. The High Velocity segment decreased 14%. Revenue was approximately $4.6 billion representing 27% of total Company revenue. The core operating income was 3.8% for the full-year. Total Company revenue grew 4% with core operating income for the year at 4.3%. For the full fiscal year there were three 10% customers, Apple, Cisco and RIM. And for fiscal 2013 we currently expect to have one 10% customer within our diversified manufacturing Services segment. I would now ask you to turn to slide 7, where I like to review some of our balance sheet metrics. We ended the fiscal year with cash balances approximately $1.2 billion. The cash balance reflects $443 million of cash flow from operations in the fourth fiscal quarter. $500 million of proceeds from a recent 4.7% senior secured – unsecured notes offering and the subsequent pay down of $240 million of revolver subsidiary debt. As a result of our successful bond offering, net interest expense were increased by approximately $20 million equivalent to $0.09 of earnings per share in fiscal 2013 versus that in fiscal 2012. In the quarter our inventory decreased by approximately 5% to $2.3 billion while inventory turns remained at 7. EBITDA in the quarter was $263 million or $1,073 million for the full fiscal year, representing 6.3% of revenue, a 20 basis point expansion over the prior fiscal year. For the year we purchased approximately 3.2 million shares, totaling $71 million, $29 million remains available under this stock repurchase authorization. Our GAAP return on invested capital was 22% for the full fiscal year. Let’s take a moment on slide 8, to discuss our capital investments. The capital expenditures during the fiscal year – excuse me, capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $202 million, $481 million for the fiscal year. Of the $481 million 70% was related to investments in our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. Our fiscal 2013 expectations, the capital expenditures should be in the range of $400 million to $500 million, depending on levels of capacity and production and consistent with fiscal 2012 70% of the spend will be directed towards our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. We currently expect minimal investments in our Enterprise & Infrastructure and High Velocity segments.  For the first fiscal quarter of 2013, the capital expenditures are estimated to be in the range of $175 million to $200 million, depending on the timing of completion of our infrastructure and capacity expansions. Last quarter I discussed expansion of our capacity in our Specialized Services sector. The additional square footage in Wuxi, China has been completed and shall be fully occupied in the coming weeks. As you will recall, we signed an agreement to establish a site in Chengdu, China. The first phase of this construction is anticipated to be complete late in the calendar year. Turn to slide 9, I would like to discuss our cash flows. We’re pleased with our operating cash flow performance in fiscal 2012. Cash flow from operations for the fiscal year were $634 million, with cash flows after capital expenditures of $152 million. As a result of anticipated EBITDA expansion and continued working capital management, we currently estimate the cash flows from operations in fiscal 2013 will be $1 billion, with cash flows after capital expenditures in the range of $500 million to $600 million. From a liquidity standpoint, we’re extremely well positioned to support business with further investment, seek acquisitions that would enhance our capabilities in key areas and return capital to shareholders via our ongoing dividend and stock repurchase programs. Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $100 million of shares during the next 12 months. This authorization is consistent with our fiscal 2012 actions to minimize the impact of equity issuance and diluted share count. I’d remind you that $20 million remains available on the previous authorization. I now ask you to refer to Slide 10, where we will discuss our segment targets. Beginning in fiscal ’13, we feel it’s appropriate to reset some of our long-term targets to better reflect the current dynamics within our operating segments. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment, we believe a 15% growth is an appropriate expectation on an organic basis. Our new core operating income target is 5.5% to 7%. For the Enterprise & Infrastructure segment, we’re slightly reducing our core operating target to 3% to 4%, with our revenue growth expectation for this segment being in the range of 0% to 5%. Conversely we’re increasing our core operating target to the High Velocity business to 2.5% to 3.5% range, as a result of operational efficiencies and high levels of execution. Our revenue expectation for this segment is in the range of 0% to 5%. Tim will provide some further color regarding these new targets in his section of the call. On an overall Company basis, we still believe a 5% core operating margin is attainable and realistic as the profile of our revenue continues to shift towards Diversified Manufacturing Services. I now ask you to refer to slides 12 and 13, where I will discuss fiscal ’13 and first quarter guidance. We enter fiscal 2013 with the backdrop of a challenging macroeconomic climate. Consistent with our strategy, we remain well positioned to continue the growth momentum by Diversified Manufacturing Services segment throughout the fiscal year. As a result, we would estimate year-over-year GAAP and core earnings per share growth to be in the range of 5% to 10% in fiscal ’13. The first quarter of fiscal 2013 we estimate revenue on a year-over-year basis to increase by approximately 2% in the range of $4.3 billion to $4.5 billion. GAAP operating income is estimated to be in the range of $140 million to $175 million or 3.3% to 3.9% of revenue. GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.50 on a per diluted share basis, with a diluted share count of 212 million shares. Based on current expectations the GAAP tax rate is expected to be 28%. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $170 million to $200 million and core operating margins in the range of 4% to 4.4%. Our core earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.62 per diluted share. Based on the current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 22% for the fiscal year. Finally turning to our segments and the year-on-year performance, the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase 12%. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment is expected to increase 14% on a year-over-year basis and finally our High Velocity segment is expected to decline 24% on a year-over-year basis.  I’d now like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Timothy L. Main: Thank you, Forbes. I will take a few minutes to discuss FQ4 results and near-term outlook. I will then pull back to a more macro view to address our long-term growth and margin range changes and our thoughts behind those changes. We are disappointed with our income and margin performance for the fourth quarter. We are ramping a large scale complex program within our Materials Technology Group. Although we expected challenges with the program during the startup phase, quality and efficiency levels, lagged behind our assumptions for the quarter. We intentionally widened our guidance range for FQ4 2012 in order to accommodate some expected inefficiencies during this ramp. For FQ4 ’12, our mix shift was also unfavorable as revenue was lower than expected in Diversified Manufacturing Services and higher than expected in High Velocity. Finally, income levels in certain DMS programs, notably in Defense and Clean Tech were lower than expected. We are very pleased with our cash flow performance for the quarter and for the year. We produced $442 million of cash flow from operations and $240 million of free cash flow in our fourth fiscal quarter. For the year, we produced $643 million in cash flow from operations, more than adequate to cover our capital expenditures and return $136 million in capital to shareholders. We are also very pleased to reduce inventory levels by over $100 million in the fourth quarter. As we reach more mature levels of production on new programs and as the balance of the business is stable to improving, we would expect operating income levels above $200 million per quarter in the second half of fiscal 2013. We would expect this to result in a fourth consecutive record year for Jabil in FY ’13. Turning toward our longer term outlook, we believe this is an appropriate time to review our long-term growth and margin targets for our three business groups. Looking back over the past three years, actual performance to our strategic plan has been very good. From FY 2010 through FY 2012, the Company has grown revenue and EPS at a compound annual growth rate of 13% and 55% respectively. In Diversified Manufacturing Services from fiscal ’10 through fiscal ‘12, we have posted a compound annual growth rate in revenue of 33%, while earning margins in the targeted range. In fiscal 2010, the DMS business was $4.2 billion in revenue. By 2012, we expanded the business by $3.3 billion to a total revenue level of $7.5 billion. DMS now comprises 45% of our total business and is our largest sector by far. So with that success, why change targets? For one, we’re working from a much larger revenue base and we’ve learned a few things about growing this business, particularly, in highly complex areas such as healthcare, for example. Balanced growth requires significant investment in engineering, design, quality resources, and capabilities. Our growth platform is premised on genuine differentiation, driven by unique capabilities. We will expand our capabilities and make the investments necessary to grow with a long-term view. Over the next few years, that could mean brief periods at the low end of the new margin range, followed by periods where we have a realistic opportunity to perform at the high end of the margin range, because we’re working from a larger revenue base and because individual program wins tend to be small, with long gestation periods and very long product cycles, we will target a 15% organic growth rate. You can expect us to make strategic acquisitions in this area, which could periodically drive growth above 15%. One note of exception to this formula is our Materials Technology Group. MTG remains poised for robust revenue growth above the 15% target for DMS. Growth will come from its core mobility business, as well as expansion in the healthcare and other strategic markets and initiatives. Turning to Enterprise & Infrastructure, for the three-year period from FY ’10 to FY ’12, we have posted the compound annual growth rate of 7.4%, while recently margins have gone under pressure, partly from poor performance in Europe and more recently slowing momentum in growth. It appears to us that this business is undergoing fundamental change. Businesses and governments are spending less on hardware and more on services and functionality. The reasons behind this go beyond a soft global economy and budget constraints. Computing, power, bandwidth, hardware technology have all advanced a great deal in recent years, further reducing the need for hardware spend. The movement in cloud computing is real and will continue. We believe Jabil will continue to play an important role with the world’s best customers in this business area. If spending picks-up, I think we would outperform the market, but with lower growth rates and standardization comes commoditization and lower margins. Our expectations are similar to the High Velocity sector. Again, I would expect Jabil to continue to play an important role with strategic customers in this area. In 2012 this business operated with a margin profile of 1.2% by focusing on lean manufacturing, new engagement models and focusing on fewer key customer relationships, financial performance improved significantly. We believe that improvement is sustainable over the next few years. Our growth and margin expectations for High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure are converging into a similar range. We think this will be the natural direction for traditional EMS markets over the next few years. In the E&I High Velocity sectors we expect to drive strong cash flow and financial returns appropriate to risk. We will certainly focus intently on lean manufacturing, operational performance, service excellence and key customers. Over the next three years we will see Jabil move deeper and more aggressively into our DMS markets. If we continue to deliver on our strategic plan in this area Jabil should continue to set the bar for our industry. We will focus less on top-line and more on the quality of growth and bottom-line performance. For the Company overall delivering on our promise of quality, long-term growth will further strengthen the business and make Jabil a better supplier, employer, customer and investment.
Beth Walters: Operator, we are ready to now take Q&A from our call attendees.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: Thanks guys. Good afternoon. Could you just provide more color on the revenue range required to get to your EPS target of 5% to 10% growth for fiscal ’13, and specifically whether your expect to see operating margins expand and if so would that be more in the back half of the year?
Timothy L. Main: Well I think if you applied the new growth rates that we’ve given you at kind of the midpoint, Brian, it would be – that would give you some guidance into the mid $18 billion range. We’re getting off maybe to a little bit softer start. So, I think your revenue levels would be a little bit wide of that based on the current macro environment and that kind of thing. So, to kind of look at it that way, I think from a margin expectation standpoint, again, we’re starting off with a bit of a slow start in the first fiscal quarter in particular as we’re still handicapping in some underperformance in Specialized Services and continuing to mend our E&I performance in some of the other business areas. But as I said in my prepared remarks, I don’t think we’re far from quarters where the Company is earning well above $200 million per quarter in operating income. So, the back half of the year looks very good, similar to slightly up revenue levels. So, again, we started 2012, I went back and looked at the prepared slide presentation for 2012 the outset, we called for moderate revenue growth in 2012 -- fiscal 2012. We got that a little bit more. We started the year expecting a little bit better revenue growth than what we put up, but we think in looking at fiscal year ’13 given the growth opportunities we have in DMS and really kind of resetting the bar to a macroeconomic environment that we expect to continue to be somewhat lackluster. We think of 5% to 10% growth is very, very doable for us.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: And then on DMS, I know you can’t talk about specific programs, but how comfortable are you that DMS margin is bottomed in the August quarter and how should we think about the progression from here? Thanks.
Timothy L. Main: Well, I think we moved back towards 6% pretty rapidly. I don’t know that we’ll be there in Q1. We’re still handicapping in some underperformance from DMS in Q1. But as we get into Q2, Q3 and Q4, I would expect us to be back in that 6% plus range.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. Maybe if I can ask a question on the DMS margin as well. Could you just maybe talk about if all the 120 basis points of degradation you saw in that segment on a sequential basis was that all driven by the yield issues or were there other factors that plays as well?
Timothy L. Main: The way I would handicap and not looking at that segment in particular, but kind of the Company overall, I think at $4.3 billion revenue level you would have expected us to be between $195 million and $200 million in operating income. So kind of walking back down from that level, call it about $10 million to $15 million due to the Specialized Services ramp, so inefficiencies associated with that, about $5 million associated with the mix change, negative mix change. Diversified Manufacturing Services revenue was down and High Velocity was up from expectations, so we called for 17% increase in Diversified Manufacturing Services and we put up 12%. We called for a 22% decline in High Velocity and it only declined 10%. So negative mix change there, another $5 million. And then Forbes mentioned some poor profitability in particular areas, particularly Clean Tech which has been soft with cutbacks in government spending that’s solar as well as some other areas, and Defense & Aerospace has been underperforming, so that’s another $5 million. So that accounts for the $20 million to $25 million of lack of margin performance.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: That’s very helpful. And then if I just look at the DMS sector outside of Specialized Services, the Industrial & Healthcare segment. I think they both were up about 3%, 4% year-over-year in 2012. Can you just talk about why did you see such muted growth in these segments and are you comfortable in the expectation of achieving a higher potentially double-digit growth within those segments in fiscal ’13?
Timothy L. Main: Our Industrial & Clean Tech marketing incorporates solar, and year-over-year revenue level was negative and declined over the course of the year purely industrial areas of the business grew in the low double-digits and so it was actually a lower growth year than we’ve had historically. But we’re really comfortable with our progress there and think the industrial area continues to be a very attractive area for us. I think longer term Clean Tech, if it doesn’t include solar, Clean Tech will continue to be all the energy related areas of industrial energy will continue to be attractive as well.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: And then just finally the $10 million to $15 million ramp-centric headwinds, I think your statements essentially imply that, that headwind will get smaller in Q1 and it should be fairly neutral by the time you get to Q2, Q3 timeframe. Is that the right way to think about that?
Timothy L. Main: I think we should exit Q1 with much better results. It’s just difficult for us to tell at this point how much recovery we will get in Q1 and I think by Q2 we should be kind of out of the woods.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Timothy L. Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Yes, thank you. Tim, on the E&I business understanding that it’s slower growth and that’s going to impact margins over time; any other levers to pull or strategies to potentially put in place maybe parallel to what you did in the HVS side of the business that might be able to help E&I margins over time?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, I think it’s – I kind of indicated that a little bit, Craig, in the prepared comments that a little bit of a convergence between High Velocity, Enterprise & Infrastructure in terms of the market pressures and forces. They are very different businesses. Enterprise & Infrastructure is much more complex in terms of the services we provide. Order fulfillment, very complex logistics, very complicated products in some cases, a little bit higher mix than High Velocity. But that said, it seems to be kind of moving in the same general direction in terms of a traditional EMS marketplace, and we will apply the same kind of playbook that we used to improve profitability in High Velocity, focus on key customers, cutback on non-value add resources and investments that you at one time thought were strategic, but customers don’t actually use or want. Really focus on lean manufacturing, plant consolidation, the types of things that turned High Velocity from a sub 2% business to a plus 3% business. And I think we’re on that path. Enterprise & Infrastructure is also a little bit more material intensive. The products are more expensive. There is more material flow through the products. So the return on value add is still pretty good. But Craig, I think, that’s the right way to look at it, is that, we apply the playbook to High Velocity that we can also apply to Enterprise & Infrastructure, even though that’s a little bit more complicated business area by its nature.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then just a follow-up on HVS business with the weakness in handsets; besides that can you just talk about the health of the business that you’re seeing in HVS and any potential growth drivers into fiscal ’13 by segment?
Timothy L. Main: Our business overall is pretty healthy. We have businesses in point of sale systems in printing, set-top boxes. Automotive has actually been a bright spot for us, we’re seeing pretty good growth in automotive today with great quality and great results, and high levels of customer satisfaction, so that’s an area we actually think we can grow. But overall those business areas will not show robust growth in terms of end-market activity, especially when you get into areas like set-top boxes it’s a – there’s some exposure there. So, now I think that 0% to 5% type of growth rate is appropriate. Printing business is very solid, great customer relationships there, so that feels pretty stable and pretty strong.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Timothy L. Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi, can you hear me?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, sorry. I just wanted to ask about DMS again, maybe in a different – thinking about it in a different way, the all-in growth is kind of low single-digits sequentially. Are you expecting negative growth near-term continued within the non-specialized businesses on a sequential basis or is it more kind of just flat going forward?
Timothy L. Main: I think that what we will see is growth in Healthcare & Instrumentation and Industrial & Clean Tech over the course of FY ’13, if that’s where you’re going with that question. Specialized Services will definitely pace growth for DMS throughout fiscal year ’13, the way it looks to us. But I think we’ll get recovery in growth, higher levels of growth particularly in the back half of FY ’13 in the healthcare and industrial areas.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, but previously in the first two quarters of the year relatively soft growth?
Timothy L. Main: Relatively soft growth, yes.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, and then just as a follow-up on the E&I business. You went through a things Tim in terms of just improving just the overall efficiency of the business, but I didn’t hear maybe any manufacturing consolidation efforts other than, I know the one that I guess is in place. Is there something that could be on the horizon in terms of that, and do you think by the end of the fiscal year you would be within the margin target laid out today for new business?
Timothy L. Main: I think by the end of the fiscal year we’ll definitely be in the margin target. I don’t – we presently do not anticipate any major plant restructurings or rationalizations to improve the profitability there.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks so much.
Timothy L. Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Thanks. Good afternoon. Two questions; first of all just going back over the MTG ramp that you’re talking about. Relative to what you thought it would be; how much is the inefficiencies caused by the actual scale of the ramp versus say issues within actually producing the component? And then within that Tim, what is your confidence level about getting the margins to where you thought they would be say three months ago, what has to go right and what do you have to fix? And then just secondly, Forbes, you’re talking about $1 billion of cash flow from operations versus the $660 million you just did on like 5% to 10% of earnings growth; what else flips to the $1 billion, is it easier comparisons or better working capital returns, et cetera. Thanks.
Timothy L. Main: Yeah. Sure, so, in terms of the first part of the question, I don’t want to get too close to the sum in terms of talking about individual programs, but it is both scale and complexity. But they’re pretty good at managing scales, so the complexity of the product is probably a bigger element. I feel good about the progress that’s being made, but realistically it’s going to take us over the course of the first fiscal quarter to really determine whether or not we will master the process to a level that will drive targeted margins and we have baked-in some of that uncertainty into our forecast. So, we’ve been through this before, now a couple of times and my – I believe that we will make it happen. But it is a significant scale, and probably one of the more complex products that we’ve ramped in the Company.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: And with regards to your cash flow question, yeah, we do anticipate $1 billion of operating cash flow next fiscal year based on our current estimates. And as I said in prepared remarks, we would expect the earnings per share without diving into specific guidance on core operating income, but earnings per share growth somewhere between 5% and 10% in fiscal ’13 over ’12, so that implies in expansion of margin and expansion in EBITDA in fiscal ’13 over ’12, which brings additional cash flow which brings additional cash flow. In addition to that it’s continued to focus on our working capital management. If you look at fiscal ’12, our inventory performance was pretty poor. Overall, it is very pleasing to see $100 million come out in the fourth quarter and with continued focus I think we can improve our inventory performance by certainly a couple days as we move through fiscal ’13. So I think continued expansion in EBITDA and inventory performance in ’13 gives us a real great shot of $1 billion in operating cash flow.
Steven Fox - Cross Research: Great, that’s very helpful. Thank you 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Tim, can you perhaps talk conceptually about the differences in the ramp in Specialized Services this time versus last? Clearly, you alluded to it being a more complex product this time the margins in DMS at 5.3% versus 6% last time. Should we not think that as you build something more complex that you are getting paid better for that product complexity that you’re able to deliver? I am just trying to reconcile that with the longer term move down in DMS segment margins. Thanks.
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, I think in terms of DMS margin profile, we’re not telegraphing hyper competitiveness in that segment. In fact, I think we’re pursuing areas where higher levels of differentiation are possible for us and doable for us in Healthcare and Industrial and in some of the other areas. We’ve taken a look back over the last few years and we’ve operated in the range of 6% to 8%, but at the low-end of that range. So continuing to have 8% is the upper level seems a little bit forced and frankly we want to go out and aggressively grow this area and I outlined in the prepared remarks, Wamsi. We’ve learned a few things in terms of the level of infrastructure that it takes, the engineering expertise that it takes. It’s a lot of small programs in Industrial & Healthcare that you need to win, and we don’t want to impede the business development prospects that our people have to aggressively grow the business. So the 5.5% bottom-end of the range isn’t telegraphing competition price are not getting paid; it’s telegraphing that that’s a very acceptable margin level in that business and telegraphing that we’re going to go aggressively grow and get deeper and deeper into the EMS areas and really look for more balanced growth. Our growth has been primarily driven, particularly in the last 12 months, by Specialized Services. We want to see better growth in Healthcare & Instrumentation and Industrial. And we need to balance that growth out across all three of those sectors. So we’re going to aggressively pursue that. And frankly, I think that 5.5% to 7% range, 8% may not have been achievable previously. I think we have a reasonable shot at driving the business to in certain periods into the closer to 7%. I think Forbes outlined that given the mix that we have here between E&I, High Velocity and the DMS margin structure, the Company can still put up 5% operating margin at the type of growth rates that we’re talking about. So, we still feel very good about that and our operating margin at 5% would be significantly above our – will be best-in-class. Our 6.3% EBITDA margins are already a couple of 100 basis points against similarly sized companies in our industry. So, we’re going to continue to really focus on margin expansion, cash flow generation, EBITDA margins and you know really running a really healthy business.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the color, I appreciate that. And Forbes, perhaps you could tell us, in the fourth quarter how much revenue was there from the three plus 10% customers in aggregate and individually?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I don’t have that at hand. But in the fourth quarter, I believe there was one 10% customer.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research: Hi, thank you. Can you hear me?
Timothy L. Main: Yes.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Yes.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research: Tim, first question for you. Just on your E&I segment you’re guiding to 14% year-over-year growth. I think your long-term target is 0% to 5%. Should we assume 0% to 5% for fiscal ’13 and if that’s the case that would imply quite a bit of deceleration in the back-half. So just wanted to understand, what’s driving the strength in your first fiscal quarter and then how should we think about the progression through the rest of the year?
Timothy L. Main: I think it’s kind of an easy compare in terms of buckets. There will be some deceleration in growth over the latter-half of the year, but there is not a lot outstanding. It gets a little bit tough when you’re looking at year-over-year numbers. I don’t think that sequential performance is not quite at dramatic 3% growth on a sequential basis, so not huge growth.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research: Okay. And then maybe if I can just follow-up, just the operating margin ramp for E&I, how should we think of that progressing through the rest of the year? And then just on HVS what takes you back to the 2.5% to 3.5% range?
Timothy L. Main: Well we don’t have a margin progression for E&I. I think we’ll continue to see progress there. We provided that for the last couple of quarters and well frankly we missed the mark, and so we’re going to have to have some more diligent work there and I think we’ll make continued progress and by the end of the year certainly be in that – in the targeted range of 3% to 4%. I don’t think there was anything extraordinary that Amitabh that we would expect High Velocity margins to plummet from where they are today to 2.5%, but these are long-term targets and we are handicapping in potential changes in mix, not that we think they are going to happen, but they could. If for instance if mobility EMS revenue took off and made up a larger percentage of the overall High Velocity business that could have the impact of reducing margins. If things stayed as they’re today, then we would expect to continue to operate in that range. We don’t think it’s realistic to think that the High Velocity business area overall will stay at 3.8% level. Even though we’ve successfully done that all year, I don’t think it’s realistic to think that that’s a sustainable level long-term.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel Nicolaus.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes, thanks. A question on your DMS specifically the industrial and the solar customers. You talked about a charge last quarter from one of your distressed customers. Looking at that space and I know you’ve talked about having some controls in place and being more – perhaps more disciplined as you bring in more business, but looking at that space or do you see anything on the horizon in terms of other potential issues there?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: No, I don’t see potential other issues. It’s a very difficult space in the last three or four quarters – excuse me, last two or three quarters and I’m talking particularly about the solar space. I think a lot of OEMs are really struggling on a global basis be the European, Asian or North American domicile. So, it’s a tough marketplace and as I said, we’re changing our operating model to some degree in any of those relationships and being very, very cautious as we look into ’13 about further engagement in that space until we see a return on to – frankly financial performance and growth from these OEMs.
Timothy L. Main: The ironic thing is that panel volume is exploding. I mean it’s just – it’s really, I think last quarter, the last 12 months have been a record by a significant degree in terms of shipments. But the industry is going from what was kind of the techie start-up, lots of capital flowing into the business, so lots of startup companies in the industry to a very concentrated business that was attacked aggressively by particularly Chinese suppliers, and that really drove pricing down and polysilicon is in plentiful supply and the pricing has dropped. I think long-term to the extent that we can maintain the manufacturing capability and the process capability that we’ll be able to have a profitable business there longer term. But we’re going through this transition where these – over the last five years ago when all of the money really flowed into solar, these kind of techie start-up companies are just going out of business. I mean they don’t have the capacity, the scale, the investment to hang in there. So we’re going through a transition in customer base and I don’t think that we have – yeah, the way we look at it today I can’t – certainly couldn’t promise you that we won’t have anymore, but we don’t see any additional charges like that on the horizon. Hopefully we’ll be able to keep that manufacturing capability together and do business with successful companies in the future because the overall volume in that business is still increasing.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: That was helpful. And then on the High Velocity business where you have that better than expected quarter. Did that come from any one specific customer, was it across the board? I know you’ve got some incremental revenue well potentially from a customer that has disengaged with some of your other EMS players. Was that part of it too?
Timothy L. Main: Yes, that’s the primary story. I mean we forecast it should be down 22%, it was down 10% I think something like that. So, that was really the consolidation of our mobility business which helped mitigate the downside in the quarter.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thank you, Tim.
Timothy L. Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you there and congratulations to you and your team at Jabil. Can you just maybe help me better understand one last time the difference between the year-over-year sales growth both this quarter and the outlook that the year-over-year EPS decline were and you’re supposed to be going after higher profitable businesses. So are we attributable to this large ramp program, which seems like six months is a long time to resolve or can you just help clarify? You’d expect to see or hope to see maybe it comes in the future, year-over-year sales growth with margin accretion and EPS growth.
Timothy L. Main: I think we’d get to margin expansion and accretion and EPS growth particularly in the back-half of the year. Okay, it’s unusual for a program to extend over two quarters; it’s not really six months. Jim, that’s really kind of an impact over a couple of quarters. I kind of ticked through the various elements of where you might expect us to be at revenue level of $4.33 billion in Q4 and where we ended up $10 million to $15 million in Specialized Services because of the ramp. $5 million negative mix shift, $5 million in poor profitability in Defense and Aerospace, in Clean Tech areas. We think that meant we’ll see where the mix shift goes and we think over the course of Q1 and certainly Q2 we will hit targeted levels of efficiencies and quality in our Specialized Services Group. So we will look for a rebound in margin performance, particularly in Q2 through Q4, depending on revenue levels and levels of production. But we would look for rebound in margins over that period.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I would also add, Jim, I have – in my prepared remarks I talked about continued capital investment this current fiscal quarter and the November quarter. So, we talked about last quarter additional floor space being available. That is now available and in the coming weeks, we will be laying down additional [comp] capacity to support these ramps. So, that does extend the complexity if you will across a couple of quarters.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Then a quick follow-up maybe to Forbes, on the share count I think I hear you correctly say 210 or 212 and does your EPS outlook for both Q1 and the full-year include putting that stock buyback to work or would that be additional upside?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: So for the first fiscal quarter Jim its 212 million shares and that – again it does not include or contemplate the usage of $400 million of stock repurchase.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. The increase quarter-over-quarter that would just be some stock comp or something [than the resurrect of the] …?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: That’s correct.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your time. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thank you. This is Kevin LaBuz on behalf of Sherri. I just want to drill down into the E&I operating margins a little bit. If that business is at the low end of your long-term target range next year, so let’s say it’s flat, I’m wondering what do you think will happen to operating margins? What I’m interested in seeing is how much room you have on the cost side versus how much you have to see sales expand again to that targeted range?
Timothy L. Main: We are not counting on revenue growth to drive that improvement. We’ve lowered the revenue growth targets to 0% to 5%. That business is relatively stable as you can see from the sequential growth rate from Q4 to Q1. So we think kind of that business has bottomed out in terms of where it’s been in last year. I think year – in fiscal ’12 it actually contracted by 2% from fiscal ’11, that’s in spite of some very significant market share gains that we enjoyed in Storage and from Infrastructure businesses, but the overall macro environment as well as some of the things I mentioned and where hardware spend is going more than offset those market share gains. But it looks like things have bottomed out there and we look for a little bit – very modest 0% to 5% revenue growth over the course of the year. So the main lever there will be improving operational efficiency and performance.
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you. And just kind of on the large picture demand on the situation, last quarter you said demand was relatively stable, I believe the offset was lackluster. It sounds like you downgraded your assessment at this quarter. So, I am just wondering, what you saw between this quarter and last quarter that led to that new assessment?
Timothy L. Main: New assessment in which area?
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank: In terms of just general demand picture, it was stable – yeah, stable last quarter. This quarter it seems like it’s decreasing a bit. Just – what are you hearing from your customers and what are you seeing?
Timothy L. Main: I don’t think there is much incremental change. I mean, this – the overall environment definitely softened mid 2012. I think you saw that reflected in our results and our outlook for Q3 and Q4, relatively subdued outlook for Q1 although we’re calling for revenue growth $4.3 billion to $4.5 billion, which we will take a $100 million in incremental growth or $70 million whatever it is quarter-over-quarter. That’s better than contracting and there are really no incremental changes, there has just been no incremental positives. In my experience, generally quarter-to-quarter, there is a few negatives and a few positives and they kind of offset and things go on. Just recently there haven’t been many upsides. So, I don’t think anything has incrementally changed though and again, I’m not pessimistic at all. I think the overall environment is relatively stable. When I look at our business geographically, Asia and North America have done reasonably well in this environment. Europe has been very poor, very poor. So to the extent, Europe begins to bottom out, particularly, as it relates Enterprise & Infrastructure then I think our business will be poised for some pretty good growth in FY ’13, but we will have to see how that turns out.
Kevin LaBuz - Deutsche Bank: All right. Excellent. Thank you. 
Timothy L. Main: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. You’ve reached your allotted time for questions. I’d now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us on the call today. As always, we’re available for follow-up calls or questions you might have on the quarter, the fiscal year or our outlook. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-06-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Main - President and CEO Forbes Alexander - CFO Beth Walters - SVP, IR & Communications
Analysts:  Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Brian Alexander - Raymond James Steven Fox - Cross Research Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Matt Sheerin - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Jim Suva - Citigroup Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil third quarter earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Beth Walters. Ma’am, you may begin. 
Beth Walters: Thank you very much. Welcome everyone to our third quarter of 2012 earnings call. Joining me today are President and CEO Timothy Main and Chief Financial Officer Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investor section.  Our third quarter press release and corresponding webcast and slides are also available on our website. In these slides, you will find the financial information that we cover during this call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company, and improvements in our operational efficiencies and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2011, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's call will begin with our third quarter results, highlights and comments from Forbes Alexander, as well as guidance on our fourth fiscal quarter of 2012. Tim Main will follow with macro environment and Jabil’s specific comments about our performance, our model, and our current outlook. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you Beth. Hello everyone. I ask you to refer to slide 3. Our net revenue for the third quarter was $4.25 billion, an increase of 0.5% on a year over year basis. GAAP operating income was $156.6 million, or 3.7% of revenue, which compares to $152.5 million of GAAP operating income on revenues of $4.28 billion, or 3.6% in the same period the prior year. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation, and a distressed customer charge, increased 7.1% to $190.3 million, and represents 4.5% of revenue. This compares to $177.8 million, or 4.2%, for the same period in the prior year.  GAAP diluted earnings per share for the third quarter were $0.48, an increase of 2.1% over the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.64, an increase of 10.3% over the prior year. Please note that our GAAP operating results were negatively impacted by $10.1 million during the quarter, as a result of a distressed customer charge taken associated with the solar industry.  The solar industry today operates in a difficult environment, with much uncertainty and continuing trade disputes with China. We are at significantly lower levels of production than we were in fiscal ’11. We anticipate volumes in fiscal ’13 to be somewhat similar, and although the demand environment is not robust, we do not anticipate any further charges. Now I would ask you to refer to slide four, for a discussion of our segments. In the third quarter, our diversified manufacturing services segment grew 22% on a year over year basis, driven largely by strength in our specialized services sector. Revenue was approximately $1.9 billion, representing 44% of total company revenue. Core operating income expanded 70 basis points to 6.5% of revenue. Revenue in the enterprise and infrastructure segment decreased 4% on a year over year basis, while exceeding our expectations in the quarter. The quarter saw strength in storage, due to a large program ramp as a result of customer consolidation activity in our favor. Revenue was approximately $1.3 billion, representing 31% of total company revenue. Core operating income for this segment expanded by 50 basis points sequentially, to 2.2% of revenue.  The high velocity segment decreased 20% on a year over year basis, driven by continued weakness in handset volumes. Revenue was $1.1 billion, representing 25% of total company revenue in the quarter. Excluding our handset business, high velocity is performing very well, as evidenced by year over year gains in set-top box, point of sale, printing, and automotive. As a result of this mix, core operating income for the segment remained above our long term expectations at 3.7% of revenue.  During the quarter, there was only one 10% customer, residing in our diversified manufacturing services segment, while our top ten customers comprised 60.2%. I now ask you to refer to slide five, while I review some of our balance sheet and cash metrics. We are pleased with our working capital and operating cash flow performance in the quarter. Sales cycle improved by 3 days sequentially, in which returns remained at 7, while cash flow generated from operations was $186 million. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $742 million. During the quarter, we repurchased some 1.5 million shares, with a value of approximately $30 million. There was no impact to reported EPS in the quarter as a result of these repurchases, and $30 million remains outstanding on our current stock repurchase program. EBITDA in the quarter expanded to $275 million, or 6.5% of revenue, the highest level since the fourth fiscal quarter of 2005. Our net capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $108 million. As I indicated on our March earnings call, we continue to expect capital expenditure levels for the second half of this fiscal year to be approximately $320 million.  The majority of these expenditures are targeted within our diversified manufacturing services segment, specifically associated with rapidly expanding capacity in our specialized services sector. As we exit the year, we shall have doubled our square footage in Wuxi, China, and have recently signed an agreement to establish a site in Chengdu, China with the ultimate available capacity, up to the size of our Wuxi operations. The first phase of this expansion is scheduled to be completed during our first fiscal quarter of 2013.  I now ask you to turn to slide six for a summary of the quarter’s performance. We are pleased with the operating performance in our third fiscal quarter. Core operating margin performance was 4.5%, the midpoint of our guidance, while revenues were below the midpoint of the range provided.  Core operating income expanded 30 basis points on both a sequential and year over year basis, while EBITDA expanded 30 basis points sequentially and 50 basis points on a year over year basis. Our return on invested capital, calculated on a GAAP net income basis, was 19%, or 24% on a core basis. Finally, I’d ask you to refer to slides eight and nine, where I’d like to discuss our fourth quarter guidance. We expect revenue in our fourth fiscal quarter to be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.35 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $170 million to $200 million, and core operating margin in the range of 4.1% to 4.6%.  Our core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.66 per diluted share, and GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.55 per diluted share. This is based upon a diluted share count of approximately 212 million shares. Based upon the current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be in the low to mid 20% range for the fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting a higher proportion of anticipated income from higher tax rate geographies. Turning to our segments, and year over year performance, the diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to increase 17%. The enterprise and infrastructure segment is expected to decline 5%. And finally, our high-velocity segment is expected to decline 22% on a year over year basis. Thank you. And I’d now like to hand the call over to Tim Main.   
Tim Main: Thanks Forbes. I’ll make a few comments on present conditions, and then longer term perspective. In the short term, we are managing through a period with many changes happening simultaneously. It is well documented that our mobility customer in the high-velocity sector has been under duress as they have grappled with the declining sales and leadership changes, while making preparations for a critical launch of an important new product platform. This customer has publicly articulated their intent to drive higher performance and derive greater efficiency in their supply chain through consolidation, with fewer high capability suppliers. Jabil has been selected as a go forward partner, and we expect to consolidate production regionally in Mexico and Hungary over the course of the next quarter or two.  Future levels of production will be highly dependent on a number of factors within, and outside of, our control. However, we expect our total revenue with this customer will remain below the 10% level in our fourth fiscal quarter of 2012, and throughout fiscal 2013. In order to support a number of new customers and rising demand, we are in the midst of a large-scale capacity expansion for diversified manufacturing services. In addition to expanding existing sites, we have also broken ground on a new site in Chengdu, China. This new site is capable of supporting up to 2 million square feet of manufacturing capacity intended for our specialized services and other EMS business areas. Production from the new site is expected to commence by the end of this calendar year.  Margins in our enterprise infrastructure sector expanded 50 basis points sequentially as revenue increased 8%. While we expect revenue to be stable to slightly higher sequentially for the next several quarters, our expectations for growth are more muted now than 90 days ago.  Counterbalancing lackluster end markets, we have earned additional market share with several customers, and experienced inefficiencies ramping production on incoming transfers over the course of our third fiscal quarter. These inefficiencies are expected to continue through at least part of FQ4 before we attain mature production efficiencies in FQ1 of ’13. In addition to ramping up new programs, we will look to take an appropriate level of cost reduction actions in order to return margins to our long term targeted range.  Excluding our mobility customer in high-velocity, the balance of our high velocity business is actually growing at acceptable return levels. Excluding the aforementioned mobility customer, we expect the balance of high velocity revenue as income to increase over 15% in FY12 over FY11.  While high velocity is not a target growth area for Jabil, it does underscore that Jabil continues to be a cost-effective, trustworthy name for attractive customers in this business area. We are fast, flexible, and competitive, and we have the ability to compete in more ways and in more theaters than most of our competitors. Integration of our Telmar acquisition continues in our aftermarket services business. Additionally, AMS is innovating a number of new multi-country, multilayer service strategies that are generating solid organic growth. The Telmar integration, and the launch of these new service offerings for specific customers has had a negative impact on profit levels in FQ3, and is expected to show modest improvement in FQ4 of 2012. We look for AMS to lead the industry in innovation and service, and for Jabil AMS to continue to widen its lead over the competition.  Moving from the present to the future, we believe 2012 will be our third consecutive record year, even though it will close on a more subdued note than we anticipated earlier this year. Jabil is building and grooming the business for strong income growth for years to come. Investments in specialized services, healthcare, and industrial, along with a sustained competitive position in traditional markets, should lead to continuing high-quality growth and revenue and earnings for years to come. In reality, superior long term performance should be expected of Jabil. For example, as of 2011, there were 163 Fortune 500 companies with revenue over $16 billion a year. Not a single one of them posted higher growth in revenue, EBITDA, and GAAP EPS than Jabil over the 17-year period since we went public in 1994. And, since 2008, only five have reported higher growth than Jabil: Apple, Intel, and three financial institutions, JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, and Prudential. Finally, for the 10-year period from fiscal 2001 through fiscal 2011, Jabil has posted a GAAP EPS compound annual growth rate of 11.5%. There is always room for improvement, but that’s not a bad track record considering all the convulsive changes that have occurred over the past 10 years. Thank you for listening, and we are now prepared to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And you do have a question from the line of Amit Daryanani. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: What do you guys perceive normal seasonality to be? I gather it to be about plus 3%. And if I look at the delta to a normal seasonality, which is what you guided, which is down one, how much of that do you think is driven by the macro issues versus a pause ahead of a big ramp you have in the DMS segment? 
Tim Main: I think we’re in a period where, just to make things simple, of our ten largest customers we’ve had two customers this year with revenue year over year that’s down about a billion dollars. We have a customer with revenue that’s up about a billion dollars. And the rest of the business is doing pretty well, growing at 5-10% depending on the business area. So I’d say that the revenue headwinds have a lot to do with a couple of customer-specific issues, lack of a macro tailwind. But I think end markets are relatively stable. But there isn’t much of a tailwind. And in light of the circumstances that we’re in today, and the overall demand environment, I’d feel pretty good about having a flattish quarter this quarter with great springloading of opportunity for outstanding growth in FY13. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Could you just talk about the RIM relationship? And given the fact that you’re actually picking up incremental share with them, in fiscal ’13 it sounds like, how do we think about the fiscal ’13 objectives you laid out at the analyst day, which I think assumed [HVS] would essentially be flat next year. Do we have to [unintelligible] a higher number in that segment? And also, on the margin line, how do you think the 2-2.5% margin target shakes out in the segment? 
Tim Main: I think it’s premature for us to handicap what the mobility customer’s consolidation will mean to us in terms of prospective growth in FY13. Having said that, we have reviewed in detail our FY13 plans and still feel confident with what was presented at the analyst meeting, which was growth of 25% in MTG, 15% in other diversified manufacturing services areas, 10% in enterprise infrastructure, and zero in high velocity.  I think in terms of how you should look at this going forward, I think the granularity on revenue will be more difficult, particularly in short term time horizons. But we have an increasing level of confidence around our ability to deliver consistency and earnings on long term basis, and certainly in annual buckets. So while the revenues may shift around a bit from what we presented at the analyst meeting, we feel very good about what that implies in terms of earnings for FY13. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander. 
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: In terms of the Q4 guidance for DMS revenue, I think it implies up 6% sequentially. Could you just give us a little bit more granularity in terms of how you’re thinking about specialized services growth sequentially given the major product transition you have and all the capacity you’re adding versus what you’re seeing in industrial and healthcare on a sequential basis? 
Tim Main: That’s not something we can discuss. I’m not trying to be unhelpful. I’d love to help you out, but there’s always sensitive customers’ issues within those three areas. And I don’t think it’s actually that meaningful, looking at it from an investor’s perspective, because the margin structure, the health of the customers, all that kind of stuff, is just not that meaningful.  We’re delighted that even in a period where there’s such macro uncertainty and lack of end market tailwinds, that we’ve got diversified manufacturing services, which we intend to rely on for our primary growth engine for the next four or five years, growing within our targeted range of 20-30%. And I think the estimate would be at 25% for the full year based on where we’ve guided. So I think that’s pretty good.  What we talked about at the analyst meeting might be useful to reiterate a little bit. Healthcare and industrial grew at a slower rate this year. I think we previewed that, actually at the beginning of the year, that we think this would be a year in which we’d grow 7-8%. It may not be exactly that, based on Q4. It will be a slower growth year. But with the pipeline of new product development opportunities, particularly in healthcare - we highlighted 20-22 important new programs in healthcare, along with industrial - I think the sag in solar demand has attenuated the growth in industrial.  We have actually had some very important new customer wins, and program transfers, in industrial. So when I look forward in FY13, I think you’ll see industrial and healthcare grow at a much healthier clip, much closer to the low end of the 20-30% range. And we may choose to supplement that in certain areas with an acquisition sometime in the close of this fiscal year or early next year. 
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: And just to follow up on the bridge back to 4% E&I margins versus what you outlined last quarter, given the slower environment, any update there? How many quarters has that been pushed out? Do you think you could get there in FY13? 
Tim Main: Well, we’re 20 basis points light this quarter. Revenue growth is not quite as robust. And we’ve had some inefficiencies in product ramps, as I said. I think the revenue levels there will be sequentially positive, which gives us an opportunity to drive margin, particularly if we can get after the cost side of it. You know, we may need an extra quarter to get back to the targeted range, but I think we’ll maintain a positive trajectory.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox. 
Steven Fox - Cross Research: First quarter on the enterprise outlook. Can you just talk a little bit more granularly on what changed over the last 90 days in the end market, and if any of the markets are still growing relative to your previous expectations? And then secondly, just on the expansion you mentioned in Chengdu, can you talk a little bit more about exactly what’s going in there? I think you arranged it around a couple of businesses, but what’s driving it? And if I heard right, I think you said by the end of this calendar year it’s going to be in production? And can you just sort of detail that a little bit more? 
Tim Main: On the enterprise infrastructure, not a dramatic slowdown. In fact, some customers are actually expecting some revenue growth. I’d say earlier this year we were thinking that this second half of calendar 2012 would be a little bit more robust for enterprise infrastructure customers, just because the spending levels have been so low. And typically what we see is a pattern of underinvestment and in a macro environment that has at least some growth, that spending tends to bounce back, and there’s a catch up period. I think that’s going to happen again. Enterprise infrastructure spending is necessary, strategic, important. I think the fiscal constraints that governments are in all around the world has resulted in very low levels of federal spending, government spending, and big corporations are risk averse right now. So I think spend rates have slowed down a little bit. But eventually that will bottom, and rebound. And man, are we chock full of great customers in that area. So we will we definitely outperform when that bounces back. It’s really on the margin a little bit. Again, we expect sequential revenue growth. We have won some new business in the enterprise infrastructure area. Had a little bit of difficulty transferring them into our facilities, but we’ll get through that over the course of Q4. I’d say in terms of any other helpful color, storage has been a great business area for us, and continues to be. In terms of being a robust business area for Jabil, that continues to be a good area for us. But we have great customers in networking and the telecom area as well. You mentioned Chengdu. I need to tread softly there, because I can’t highlight customers. That would preview individual customers’ supply chain strategies, and we’re not at liberty to do that. And that’s consistent with the company’s long term policy. So I’m not doing anything that’s out of character for us. But you can bet there are sizable customers with significant requirements, and we intend to be in production by the end of this current year.  But we can put traditional business in Chengdu. We can put specialized services, AMS business, MTG business, all kinds of businesses in Chengdu. It has the secondary benefit of being a cost hedge against coastal China. And we may be able to use it in future periods, but it’s really being put in place to support rising demand with multiple customers.
Operator: [unintelligible], your line is open.
Unidentified Caller: Your guidance range around operating margins is rather wide for the next quarter. Is that driven by the uncertain macro environment? And maybe you could give us some thoughts around what are the parameters that would move it toward the low or the high end of that range. It seems you could have the yield in DMS, or maybe it’s the revenue mix. If you could shed some color on that, that would be helpful.
Tim Main: It goes without saying that we’re in an uncertain macro environment. I think we’re influenced partly by that environment. There’s no reason for us to be overly aggressive with our confidence about the macro environment. That’s outside of our control. We did highlight a number of changes occurring simultaneously in the high velocity, in diversified manufacturing services, and aftermarket services. A lot of things for us to focus on this quarter.  If we execute very well, I think we’ll do well in a macro environment that doesn’t tip over. If the macro situation weakens significantly, and we fail to execute, that would drive us to the low end. But I think it’s a period where a little bit wider range is very appropriate given the number of changes and the highly dynamic environment that we’re in today. 
Unidentified Caller: And just as a quick follow up, your comments about consolidation of supply chain at RIM, were you saying that you would be moving production into sites in Mexico and Hungary? Did I hear that correctly? And then the Chengdu and Wuxi expansions, are they also to support this mobility customer? 
Tim Main: We did say Mexico, our mobility customer in high velocity would be consolidating production in Mexico and Hungary for our portion of their requirements. So you did hear that correctly. And given that, the Chengdu and Wuxi operations we don’t build any requirements in those sites for that particular customer. That particular customer, that mobility customer, is supported from other sites. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi. 
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research: Can you remind us how much is left in your existing share buyback plan? And when do you go back to the board for additional authorization? 
Forbes Alexander: There’s $30 million still available to us, so that would take it to $100 million. And we continue to discuss uses of capital on a quarterly basis with our board, so that’s pretty routine. So we will be having those continuing discussions at our next board meeting. 
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Research: And Tim, if you don’t mind, I just wanted to follow up on the last question, with our margin guidance. I think the last time we saw 4.1% was in the August 2010 quarter. You were getting something like [$3.86] billion. So just trying to understand. Maybe you could help elaborate, what exactly gets you to the low end outside of macro? 
Tim Main: I’m glad you highlighted it, Amitabh, that it’s been over two years since we’ve had [unintelligible] of our operating margin. That’s very helpful. I appreciate that. [laughter] And I might as well just mention again that 6.5% EBITDA is the highest level since the fourth quarter of 2005. In any case, really it’s just a matter of if revenue is far less than we thought, and we struggle with some of the operational challenges that we have this quarter. It could drive it to that lower level. We have not been at the low end of our operating margin guidance, in my flawed memory, for a long time. Even this quarter, where our EPS revenue levels were a little bit mixed, our margins were outstanding.  And as diversified manufacturing services continues to grow as a percentage of overall business, I think our margin profile will continue to be attractive. But there is a 4.1% at the low end, and it’s tough to kind of handicap, then, what downside scenarios could happen over the course of a quarter. But it would require quite a few of those downside risks to align together and that’s possible. Nothing in particular though. If you’re worried about a particular event, there’s no particular event that we’re trying to handicap in. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach. 
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Forbes, two-year competitors, talked about taking charges with RIM. Can you discuss your thoughts for Jabil, if there’s any anticipation through some of these changes of having to take any charges? 
Forbes Alexander: No. Certainly no anticipation there. 
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: And if I can follow up with Tim, in the materials technology group, can you talk about the impact of available capacity in that group? Obviously there’s a lot of focus on one big customer, but outside of that, are you capacity constrained such that as you look to diversify or win new business with other customers, would that impact you in the coming quarters? Or if you could frame that, that would be helpful. 
Tim Main: We’re at high levels of capacity utilization in our MTG group. We have a wide range of sites, especially from Shenzhen to Suzhou and Nanjing, Yantai, Tianjin, Wuxi, Taichung and soon to be Chengdu. So we have a lot of options. The management team in that group tries to keep the capacity insulated, customer to customer, so that customers don’t need to worry about a lack of resource or focus on their production areas. So I think they do a very good job of managing that.  That’s clearly a growth area for us, and we’re adding resources and capacity to support a number of customers. But we try and keep them insulated as well as we can. Jabil’s got a long history of the [workstyle] business unit model and keeping operational teams separate, so that each customer can rely on us to focus completely on their production requirements and support their needs through the ups and downs of schedule changes. I don’t know if that’s helpful or not, but it’s probably about the extent of what I can say on it. 
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: A quick follow up with Forbes on the buyback program. If you look at it today versus a year ago, when you guys bought back, I think, 200 million last summer. Any constraints on the balance sheet, or anything to think about in terms of cap allocation into the back half that would constraint ability to buy back more stock? 
Forbes Alexander: No, no constraints from a capital perspective. Our balance sheet is in really terrific shape. Should we wish to do anything more, our debt to EBITDA this quarter, as we exit this year, will be around about 1.5x. So the debt level’s about $1.7 billion. Essentially what that means is we’ve got somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion of debt capacity available to us. So certainly no constraints in that perspective.  I would point out we’re continuing to invest for growth. I referenced $320 million of capital expenditures in the back half of the fiscal year, and we have talked about $500 million of capex for next fiscal year. So even with those levels and the cash we’re producing, we certainly have real comfort with how our balance sheet looks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Realizing that RIM really represents most of your handset business there, the consolidation of the factories that you’ve already mentioned, is this also going to pertain to all of your handset business or is this just customer specific? 
Tim Main: In my prepared remarks, I mentioned a single mobility customer in our high velocity sector intends to consolidate to fewer high capability suppliers. Jabil’s been selected as one of those go-forward partners. And that production will be consolidated regionally in Mexico and Hungary, where we are already in production for that customer. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Okay, so on the assembly side, we’re just talking that action. Okay. And then separately, I didn’t quite get all the comments around the Telmar. Did I hear that there were some customer issues? I was looking to see if I can get a little bit more clarity around what happened with Telmar in the quarter and how to think of that business as we progress into Q4 and moving forward. 
Tim Main: What I had mentioned is the integration of the Telmar acquisition continues in AMS. And there are some expenses associated with that. There’s also a number of new service offerings that are multi-country and multi-layer that AMS has introduced for specific customers, and that’s been a drag on earnings in FQ3. Then we’ll start to improve in FQ4.  On Telmar, I’d say that we’re delighted with the acquisition overall. It is contributing to our service offering for telecommunications customers in a very deep and meaningful way, and I would expect FY13 to be much improved in terms of AMS’s outlook and their ability to grow in a new vertical, in an exciting new area. And so we’re really delighted with it. Short term, we’re going through the integration process. And so the accretion levels aren’t what they’ll be in a quarter or two. But we are absolutely delighted with that acquisition and already seeing synergies develop between Telmar and our AMS group. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: And once you’re into that period where you’re fully integrated and you’re able to actually capitalize on the efficiencies you’re hoping for, from either a top line growth perspective or from a margin standpoint, does that look to be materializing a few quarters out to the degree that you anticipated in doing the deal? Or is there actually some stronger benefits that you may actually capitalize on? 
Tim Main: Honestly, I’d say that it’s been a little bit lighter than expected in the first couple quarters of ownership, but that prospectively, it will exceed its original business plan. So we are starting to realize the revenue synergies that we expected. So it’s been slower getting out of the gate that we expected, but we actually think it could be bigger than expected in FY13. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin. 
Matt Sheerin - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Tim, you talked about the growth rates for FY13, sticking to comments you made at your analyst day. And as you look at that pipeline and understanding certainly visibility for end demand is limited here, do you see some of those new business opportunities kicking in in the November quarter? Or is that going to be more back end loaded toward the back half of your FY13? 
Tim Main: We’ll look at quarterly guidance on our September call, but I would imagine we’ll start to see benefit in our first fiscal quarter. That’s fair to say, in a year that we provided a framework for thinking about FY13 that we have a good start in the first fiscal quarter. The only caveat to that is we premised that on GDP growth that’s positive, and low single digit, but if the world tips over from a macro standpoint, it’s probably not going to be deliverable. But based on what we see today, and what we have in our hands, FY13 should get off to a pretty good start. 
Matt Sheerin - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, and same thing on the margin headwinds that you talked about. Some of the new program ramps, customer transitions, Telmar, etc. Do you also see some margin headwinds on program ramps in the materials group as you’re ramping new products for customers in the next quarter? 
Tim Main: We don’t provide any margin guidance or color on MTG. That’s within specialized services, within DMS, and all that we publish is the DMS area. But anytime you’re ramping new production, you’re less efficient on the front end of that ramp up, and as you get to more mature levels of production you expect to hit targeted rates of return. And that’s pretty much true across the board. Manufacturing is manufacturing, regardless of the activity. 
Matt Sheerin - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And just the last question, if I may, just regarding the mobility customer. Some of your competitors have walked away from that business, have talked about returns in profitability goals below their targets. Have you talked to that customer? Do you have new contracts in place to ensure that you’re going to meet profitability and returns goals? 
Tim Main: Well, it’s an existing customer. It’s not a customer that I deal with every day, but our executive staff and key people on our executive staff are in very close contact. We’re kind of appalled at the way people walk away from customers. We believe that if you do business with a customer, and they rely on you for a set of services, you should continue to do that through good times and bad.  It’s a fundamental premise of being in our business. Our customers rely on us to provide, in many cases, 100% of their manufacturing supply chain infrastructure. They cannot deliver products without us.  So to the extent that you have a rational economic model and rational risk-reward embedded in contractual agreements and the rest of that kind of stuff, there’s no reason ever to walk away from a customer. And so I think that people think about stocks and how they trade sometimes more than they think about what makes up a good customer and what doesn’t.  And we’ll see where this goes, but we think that continuing to be a supplier in this regard and enjoy the benefit of that relationship, and the investment that’s been made in the relationship, and the opportunity to continue in production and have adequate returns and a balance between risk and reward, is much better for our company, and much better for our shareholders, than walking away from it. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Just wanted to follow up on some earlier comments regarding the margin structure in E&I. I know last quarter there was within the presentation maybe about a point of cost reduction or improved overhead absorption type of dynamics. Has that changed given some of the fluctuations here? Or are you still kind of targeting that type of cost reduction within E&I as we look over the next, say, two to three quarters? 
Forbes Alexander: I think certainly we’ve commented in prepared remarks that we’re not seeing the revenue growth that perhaps we saw 90 days ago. So we still believe that 4% target is within our range over the next couple to three quarters here. So if we don’t see those benefits from a revenue list, we’ll appropriately shift the cost structure. So certainly it will be around about those levels, perhaps a little bit higher depending upon the revenue stream we see as we move through the next 90-120 days or so. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Just looking, again, at the three business units moving into the fourth quarter, is there anything happening in terms of individual EBIT margins that would push them down beyond volumes, because it seems as if just the low end of the guidance, maybe to paraphrase from earlier, is just kind of worst case scenario that you’d be making, and otherwise it would be kind of normal incremental margins on any type of volume dynamic. 
Forbes Alexander: There’s nothing specific that we’re baking in. I stand by Tim’s comments to an earlier question. That lower end of the range there is predicated on some macroeconomic headwinds, perhaps, that might be out there, but we’re certainly not handicapping any particular segments in any particular way. We think it’s an appropriate range of guidance provided, and I think as we said earlier, I don’t recall the last time that our earnings came in those low end of ranges. We’ve got a really strong operating business model in place now, and we’ve been in a situation this past quarter with a number of activities going on, and still putting up 4.5 points. So certainly feel pretty good about the opportunity ahead of us here in the next 90 days. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: And then just finally on the Chengdu site, the decision to make it as large as Wuxi, was that something that you had been planning for a while? Or was that something just as demand’s risen you felt the need that you needed to expand the capacity to that size? 
Tim Main: We’ve been exploring western China sites now for two years, and have pulled the trigger earlier this year after very diligent site selection and a negotiation process, so it’s the result of some longer term thinking. And we’ll accommodate growth in the business. We’re not starting with 2 million square feet. It has the ability to ramp up to that level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: First, a question for Tim, and then a follow up one for Forbes. Tim, when you mentioned and referred back to your investor day, you talked about you still see the same guidance there. I just wanted to clarify. Were you meaning the percent growth by each segment? Or on the slide after that you talked about a revenue level of $19 plus billion. And I think since then you’ve clarified it at some conferences to kind of $19.3billion to $19.4 billion. I’m just trying to figure out, are all of those still consistent? Or is it more let’s focus on the growth, because it seems like this year the macro levels have us coming out of the gate just a little bit slower?  And then for Forbes, you mentioned the higher tax rate. Can you help us understand kind of what geographic areas this is? And is it reoccurring at these higher levels? Or is there some seasonality to the tax rate as we start to look ahead and build kind of beyond one quarter for the tax rate? 
Tim Main: Fair question. Are we talking about the absolute [unintelligible] level, or the growth rate? And I think we’re still very comfortable with the growth rates that we outlined. If you’re starting at a lower base, that will drive a somewhat lower top line, but I think more in terms of implicitly what that drives for earnings and EPS in FY13, because we could be off on the revenue mix to a modest degree, and still deliver outstanding EPS results that would be consistent with what we talked about at the analyst meeting. So fair question. If you were modeling it, I would model using the growth rates, and if you have a lower base, use a lower base. I think from an EPS standpoint, though, we’re still really excited about what we can deliver in FY13, and the next four or five years. 
Forbes Alexander: And Jim, with regard to the tax rates, what we’re seeing is a higher proportion of our forward looking income coming from geographies such as China, where there is a tax rate of 25%, and our Indian facility is performing very well, actually, where those rates are in the mid-30s. A little bit north of mid-30%. So we are seeing a little bit of a structural shift in terms of our income in the fourth quarter, and certainly as we move into the first couple of quarters of next fiscal year. So for modeling purposes, I’d encourage a rate in the 22% range, something of that nature. And we’ll see how that shifts or plays out as we move through the balance of ’13, as we bring on capacity and as we bring on additional income streams in other parts of the globe.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: I just had two questions. One on the solar customer. I think you gave some detail in the prepared remarks, but wanted to get a sense of if you feel there’s any risk to additional customers in the solar business, and how much a percentage of your business that is now. 
Forbes Alexander: To your first point, no, we don’t believe we have any other risk in that particular industry. We’ve got a limited exposure there. Last year our revenue stream was considerably more. So just with the natural shift in the solar industry, our exposures have come down, and I suggest they’ll be at those levels in ’13. So really not material in terms of overall revenue stream. It’s pretty small, actually, now, and exposure in that regard. So I certainly don’t expect and you further charges associated with our activity in this area. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: And then just turning back to the operating margin, and thinking about the different segments. If I sort of try to model it out based on the revenue growth, and I assume flat margins for DMS and E&I, it suggests that HVS gets back to sort of your historical target range of 2-2.5%, which you haven’t been at in quite some time. So is there an expectation that HVS falls back into the past historical target range? And would you expect that moving forward? 
Tim Main: We currently don’t expect high velocity to retrograde back to the 2-2.5% range. What we have said is that we will address the long term targets for sectors on the September call. And we would address a more reasonable high velocity margin at that time. We have also said at conferences and other instances that we think it’s acceptable to think about high velocity being a 3% plus business for the foreseeable future.
Beth Walters: Okay. Operator, thank you very much, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. We’re available for follow up to any questions you have on the third quarter performance or our fourth quarter outlook as usual. So thank you very much.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-03-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Susan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s call over to Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Ms. Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. And welcome everyone to our second quarter of 2012 earnings call. Joining me today are President and CEO Timothy Main and Chief Financial Officer Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website jabil.com in the Investor section. Our second quarter press release and corresponding webcast and slides are also available on our website. In these slides, you will find the financial information that we cover during this call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website and beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2012 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiencies and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2012 and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K in our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And I just realized I must have misspoken, August 31, 2011, not 2012. As we indicated last quarter, we have begun to highlight GAAP operating results. While, we currently are still reporting and publishing core results, it is also our intention to move fully to GAAP beginning in fiscal 2013. In addition, we will also be providing guidance on long term year-over-year outlook. This change to our guidance aligns more closely with how we run the business making strategic long-term decisions. We believe providing guidance in this fashion gives investors the most appropriate view into our business. Today's call will begin with our second quarter results highlights and comments from Forbes Alexander as well as guidance on our third fiscal quarter of 2012. Tim Main will follow with macro environment and Jabil’s specific comments about our performance, our model and our current outlook. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good evening everyone. If you’re following along, I’d like you to – if you would turn to slide 3 of our presentation. Our net revenue for the second quarter was $4.2 billion, an increase of 7.8% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $150 million or 3.5% of revenue which compares to $105 million of GAAP operating income on revenues of $3.9 billion or 2.7% in the same period of the prior year. Core operating income, excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation increased 4.6% to $176.2 million and represents 4.2% of revenue. This compares to $168.4 million or 4.3% for the same period in the prior year. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fiscal quarter was $0.46, an increase of 84% over the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.58, an increase of 7.4% over the prior year. If you now turn to slide 4 for some discussion on our segments. For the second quarter, diversified manufacturing services segment grew 33% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.9 billion, representing 44% of total company revenues. Core operating income was 5.9% of revenue. Our specialized services group exceeded our expectations from a revenue standpoint. Most of the outperformance was driven by materials technology group. Gains in this group were offset by continued design investments in our healthcare business and the weakness in our aftermarket services group where an internal site transition negatively impacted both revenue and segment profitability for the quarter by some 40 to 50 basis points. We expect this transition to be resolved and operating performance within our aftermarket services group to return to previous historical levels in the upcoming quarter. Enterprise and infrastructure segment decreased 2% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.2 billion, representing 29% of total company revenue and core operating income for the segment was 1.7% of revenue. Our enterprise and infrastructure performance remained below our previous expectations. As a result, continued end market weakness across our telecoms and networking customer base. I shall provide more color towards the end of my prepared remarks on our plan to return the segment to within our long term operating range targets. The high velocity segment once again operated very efficiently during the quarter. Revenue was approximately $1.2 billion, down 10% on a year-over-year basis, representing approximately 27% of the company revenue in the quarter. Core operating income for the segment was 4% of revenue. The sequential and year-over-year margin outperformance in the segment primarily associated the more favorable mix of products. For the second straight quarter, we have won 10% customer in each of those three segments. All our top 10 customers comprised 61.8% of revenue in the fiscal quarter. If you now turn to slide 5, I will review some of our balance sheet metrics. We ended the quarter with cash balances with $707 million. As previously announced, we concluded the acquisition of Telmar for $128 million in cash on the first of December. And during the course of the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares at an average price of $22.73 per share, or approximately $40 million. We had little impact to EPS for the quarter as a result of these repurchases. On a year-over-year basis, GAAP based return on investment capital expanded by 2% to 22% in the first half of fiscal 2012. EBITDA for the same period expanded by $45 million to $535 million or 6.2%. Our cash flows from operations was $5 million. . Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $77 million or $180 million in the first half of the year. In the quarter, inventory decreased by 1% to $2.35 billion. And inventory turns remained at 7. Cash used in operations for the quarter was $109 million as a result of a more non-renewal quarter than we previously anticipated, causing average and period end working capital levels to be elevated. We expect working capital level to return to within recent historical ranges in the coming quarter and as a result, the return to positive operating cash flows in both our third and fourth fiscal quarters. I am also pleased to announce that we have recently amended our bank revolver adding capacity of $300 million to a total of $1.3 billion and expanding this facility into 2017, which continues to provide us flexibility in our capital structure as we continue to position the company for growth in 2013 and beyond. If you now turn to slide 6, we’re pleased with our second quarter’s results. Core operating margin performance was 4.2%, the midpoint of our guidance. Our revenues were at the high end of our range. Both core and GAAP EPS also at the midpoint of our guidance. If you now turn to slide 8, 9, and 10, I’d like to discuss the upcoming third quarter’s guidance. We expect revenue in third quarter on a year-over-year basis to increase approximately 2% in the range of $4.2 billion to 4$.4 billion. Core operating income is estimated to increase approximately 10% on a year-over-year basis and to be in the range of $185 million to $205 million. The core operating margin in the range of 4.4% to 4.6%. Our earnings per share will be in the range of $.060 to $0.70 per diluted share, and GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.59 per diluted share, which is based upon our diluted share count of 213 million shares. And based upon the current estimated production, our tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 18%. Turning to our segments and year-on-year performance. The diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to increase 25% as a result of the growth across all areas within the segment. On a sequential basis, diversified manufacturing services segment is expected to grow modestly at 2% as we commence product transitions and additional capital investments in our manufacturing technologies group. The enterprise and infrastructure segment is expected to decline 8% on a year-over-year basis, citing declines in networking and telecommunications product set, offset by growth in storage. On a sequential basis, the segment is expected to grow 5% of growth across networking, storage and telecommunications. And finally our high velocity segment is expected to decline 14% on a year-over-year basis as a result of continued declines in handset volumes, offset by growth in automotive, point of sale printing and our set-top box business. Capital expenditures in the second half of this fiscal year are expected to be approximately $320 million. Majority of this investment is associated with continued investments in our materials technology group, group’s capacity and capabilities. Total capital expenditures for the full fiscal year are now expected to be approximately $500 million with an excess of 75% of these expenditures being invested in our diversified manufacturing services segment, positioning the segment for continued growth in 2013 and beyond. I’d now like to ask you to turn to slide 11 for discussion on our enterprise and infrastructure segment operating margin performance. This slide shows two charts: the top being expected operating margin progression in the upcoming quarter and the bottom, progression of a return to 4% operating margins in this segment during the first fiscal quarter of 2013, nine months from now. We expect the operating margin performance in our third fiscal quarter to improve by some 70 basis points – 25 basis points coming from both the growth in revenues in networking, program wins and product launch in storage, and the recovery to growth in telecommunications sector. The sites acquired in France and Italy during the fiscal ‘11 and targeted overhead reductions shall contribute 10 basis points each or 0.1% each. Turning to the chart at the bottom of the slide, we have line of sight to return to growth over the balance of calendar 2012 with revenue growth in storage and networking, contributing 1% and 0.35% telecom’s revenue growth. Sites in France and Italy are expected to contribute 0.3% through the addition of revenues and cost reduction programs. Our targeted overhead reductions across the segment should yield an additional 0.65%, returning the segment to 4% operating margin performance. With that, I’d now like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Tim Main: Thank you, Forbes. I’d like to spend a few minutes discussing our diversified manufacturing services segment and growth by business group and also for the first time provide you some perspectives on how we are thinking about fiscal year ’13. If you please turn to slide 13, our materials and technology group is really about ingenuity and innovation. And we have invested for growth both in 2010, 2011, 2012 and we expect further growth in 2013. Typically from the investment of CapEx, there is a lag time of approximately three to six months as we install the equipment, begin production and manage to higher levels of expected yields in that four to six months period. Currently managing through significant expansion of our capacity and introducing new product families across a broad range of customers. We are very bullish on another great year of growth and we expect over $3 billion – roughly $3 billion in fiscal year ’12 and hope to grow to approximately $4 billion in FY’13. Please turn to slide 14. In our healthcare and life sciences business, Jabil is really a safe pair of hands. We pursue business in essentially six modalities: patient bedside, portable on and in-body, surgical and procedural devices, analytical lab equipment, imaging and single use devices. We’re very proud of the customer base that we have and we spent a lot of time developing new relationships over the last few years. Although there was roughly a flat year of growth in fiscal year ’12, we do expect that rate of growth to accelerate as we enter FY’13. Please turn to slide 15. This rate of growth is expected to accelerate through the pipeline of growth, particularly through the large portfolio of products that are in our design labs today, which will be introduced to production over the course of fiscal ’12 and fiscal ’13. And we have well over 20 design wins in this healthcare business area and we are very happy that when those products go into manufacturing, they tend to have -- typically have a 10-year average product lifecycle. This leads to very sustained growth and gives us a great feel of confidence that our fiscal year ’13 and ’14 revenue growth should be at the top end of our 20% to 30% revenue guidance for the diversified manufacturing services area. Turn to slide 16 please. In industrial and clean tech market, we’re really about solving global complexity and enabling innovation. We have business in energy generation, infrastructure, heavy machinery, flight (ph) goods and a broad range of industrial products. We have some of the leading companies in the world as our customers spanning activity from smart metering to agriculture, flight goods, and other types of clean tech areas. Turning to slide 17 please. We really are developing a global expertise that simplifies complexity. This is really a very high mix business, and nearly 50% of Jabil’s industrial energy manufacturing is in lot sizes of 50 or less. And remember the Jabil’s business, overall, Jabil builds about 70% of its output in lot quantities of 100 or less. We need to have very advanced planning tools, techniques to optimize production for these customers and we have very high performance standardized inter-plant product transfer process for business continuity and low transfer costs. We’re very excited about continued growth in the industrial and clean tech area. Please turn to slide 18. We’re enjoying continued success of our core depot repair activity in the aftermarket services area and we are seeing additional growth in worldwide parts fulfilment, developing new capabilities that are really taking off now, including diagnostics, distributed screening and customer-facing activities. But we expect our growth in aftermarket services to continue to be 15% to 20% on an organic basis. Taking our diversified manufacturing services group in total as we look at fiscal year ’13, we see growth in our high velocity area of approximately 0% and enterprise and infrastructure 10%, and we can see in industrial clean tech, healthcare instrumentation and aftermarket services, we think these businesses can grow year over year on a 15% basis. Materials technology group, as I mentioned previously that we expect to have another very robust year of growth. This will easily support the 10% to 15% growth in our fiscal year ’13 and we are very excited about our prospects on a longer term basis. I think we spend a lot of time focusing on the short term and we’re very pleased with how our business is coming together from a long term basis and looking forward in FY’13, ’14, and ’15 and seeing continued growth at 10% to 15%.
Beth Walters: Okay. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we’re ready to take question and answer session now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Cross Research
Steven Fox: Tim, just on two questions – first on the capital spending plans around materials technology, how much of that comes online as the customer program ramps and how much overhead do you think you have to carry until you actually get into the full ramp versus the planned capacity? And then secondly, if you could just go back over the E&I margins for the quarter, you explained very well what – to get you from where they are to where you want to by the end of the year but what went wrong during the quarter to keep you at the low levels that we are at?
Tim Main: Okay. In terms of materials technology group investments, the slide that we developed and included in our presentation is – yes, slide 13 – is intended to give investors an idea of the lag time between capital investment in the advent of revenue – revenue would recommence approximately three, four, five months after the investment, and we would expect to ramp into production through months four, five and fix and get to more matured yield levels and profitability levels by approximately the six month. We’re going through our product transition now with the new product families that are ramping and we’ll be doing that over the course of the spring and summer, making some significant investments. So I would expect the margins in the materials technology group to continue to be in the expected ranges and they’d certainly be better when you reach mature levels of production, a little bit on the lower side during periods of product transitions but still within the targeted range. It’s getting to be a very big business. Obviously half year increments we’re looking at a $1.5 billion per six months period pace in fiscal ’12 moving to $2 billion or more half year pace in fiscal year ’13. So we’re very pleased with how that business is coming together and we are adding capacity as we speak. In terms of the enterprise and infrastructure area, there’s not a whole heck of a lot to report, Steve, except that revenue was a little bit lower than expected. And we think it’s important to really focus on how we get back to 4% from where we are today and I think we have a good line of sight. My own – when I look at this business, there has been a very significant slowdown in overall enterprise infrastructure spending from the spring of 2011 when the European debt crisis first emerged, a lot of caution throughout the summer as the U.S. had its debt crisis, government spending has been on the decline, that’s impacted some of our higher end government related types of products, 2.5G spending collapsed in certain areas of Asia. All of those provided significant headwinds over the last few quarters. In my experience, having been in the business as long as I have is that you have these periods of under investment, a little bit of excess inventory, people work through those, and then spending starts to pick up. So provided that the U.S. – particularly the U.S. continues to be stable and grow even at a lower rate, I would expect IT, enterprise related spending to start to pick up mid-year and show some more normal levels of at least secular growth rate of 5% to 10% as we exit fiscal ’12 and begin our fiscal year ’13.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander: Yeah, just a follow-up, Tim, of the 135 basis point improvement that you are expecting in E&I coming from higher revenue, I think it’s about $16 million a quarter or so of incremental profit from where we are today. How much of revenue increase is required to hit that, and again, how much visibility do you have into programs ramping by the end of the year to get you there?
Tim Main: We’re actually not counting on a lot of revenue growth. Forbes, do you want to characterize about the revenue growth –
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, it’s on the overall revenue line of sight, Brian. We have line of sight to that, in some great progress in our storage area with some new wins there, but are ramping in this coming quarter giving me a great deal of comfort in terms of our rebound in terms of the storage and networking in the short term here, and then as we move forward to the bounce the next three quarters continued growth in that area. There is some rebound with our networking customers there. In terms of overall revenue, what I get into guidance for the full second half of the year, it’s somewhere in the region of $200 million, 4250 million, some of that nature. We’re seeing a sequential uptick of 5 points this coming 90-day period and if we see any little bit of tailwind, then it includes to be better than that but we feel pretty comfortable that the telecommunications business is starting to see pick up there. I think as we articulated before we had some wins in the wireless area there over the last three quarters and we’re starting to see that pickup again which is good news as we move through the balance of the calendar ’12.
Brian Alexander: So the $200 million to $250 million, Forbes, that you called out over what time period is that – is that basically –
Forbes Alexander: That’s the back half of the calendar year – fiscal year, excuse me, Brian.
Brian Alexander: And then on cash flow negative in the quarter, I think most of that was due to payables coming down by almost $400 million. I think you said you get back to being operating cash flow positive in the second half. When do you think you will get back to being free cash flow positive given the increased CapEx investments that you highlighted?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, based upon the CapEx that we highlighted for the back half of the year of investments in our MTG, there we are. I think moving into fiscal ’13, I would expect our overall cash from operations minus our CapEx and our acquisition of Telmar to be cash neutral. So lot to do in the back half of the year but I think that’s very attainable. As we look forward into ’13, clearly we will have some additional capital investments during fiscal ’13 but we’re very comfortable that we will see significant free cash flows during fiscal ’13.
Brian Alexander: Do you think you will be back at that 30% EBITDA to cash flow or cash flow to EBITDA ratio that you’ve targeted long term?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah absolutely. Certainly Tim talked to -- we’re shaping up to be a great year in ’13 with revenue growth in the 10% to 15%. EBITDA margin should be – now those types of levels tracking 6, 6.5 points, so certainly we should see that type of contribution from the overall cash flows, yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. This is Rupler (ph) filling in for Wamsi. Just wanted to touch on the operating margins for the DMS segment for this quarter. The site in AMS that you had an internal transition, could you just elaborate on that, like why was that needed, and did you move to a low cost location? And is this a part of the Telmar acquisition?
Tim Main: It’s not related to the Telmar acquisition. It’s related to the movement of production among sites in Mexico which has been planned for some time. That transition did not go well. So we think we have that under control now, and I’d point out that AMS has been – our aftermarket services business has been historically very predictable and very efficient and has delivered very consistent margins over time. So it’s well under control and we are very confident that they will bounce back to its 4% historical levels in fiscal Q3. I’ll also point out that in terms of the cycle of diversified manufacturing services, operating margins FQ2 for the last three years has been a low point. In ’10 it was significantly below the targeted range. In ’11 it was near the bottom of the range and in both cases recovered to the 6.5% to 7% area. So we see no structural issues with that business at all as we bring some of these great healthcare products into the production cycle. We continue to ramp our MTG, our industrial and clean tech business continues to grow in a predictable way at good margins and the aftermarket services recovers from their product transitions among sites in Mexico. Then we have every confidence that diversified manufacturing services will get back to our expectations.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks Tim. And Forbes, if you can just help us bridge the 300 basis points improvement between this quarter and the next quarter. I know you said 70 basis points in the E&I section and then you were affected by about 50 basis points in the DMS segment. So the remaining 180 basis points sequential improvement in op margin, can you help us bridge that between the different segments?
Tim Main: We’re a little bit puzzled at your math there because we’re at 4.2% in Q2 overall. We’re looking for 4.5% in Q3 and that’s a 30 basis point improvement to 70 basis point improvement in enterprise and infrastructure quarter on quarter and roughly 130 basis points over the next three quarters to Q1 of 2013. And Forbes walked through the four major elements of that margin improvement expected just in the enterprise and infrastructure group. I’d point to you that even with the underperformance in enterprise and infrastructure, the company is doing extremely well from a margin standpoint fully a couple of hundred basis points against most of our competition and our EBITDA margin at 6.2% lead our industry by a fairly significant margin.
Unidentified Analyst: And just looking at CapEx for fiscal ’13, do you have an estimate for what that could be?
Tim Main: We don’t have an estimate. I would expect them – expect it to abate a little bit but we will see if our expected growth rate is conservative, not too conservative, we’re not at this point, we’d expect it to probably rotate back to normalized levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach: Tim, a number of the EMS companies are talking of the growth opportunities in the medical industrial market. I know you laid out some of the wins that you have there but I was hoping to get your view on just kind of the competitive landscape, kind of what you’re doing to differentiate in that space and your view of kind of the margin profile on a intermediate to longer term basis?
Tim Main: Sure, we think the margin profile that we’ve articulated of 6% to 8% is sustainable into the foreseeable future and that’s a three to five year time horizon for Jabil. And we’ve been operating at that level for the past few years as well. So there is some historical basis for that. I think when we look at healthcare and life sciences, one of the things that we tried to highlight is the many, many design wins of the integration of design, our materials technology group in single use devices, our optics capability and integrating all of those capabilities into a very broad portfolio of new products that will come out of our product development labs over the 12 to 18 months and contribute significantly to an acceleration of growth in our healthcare and instrumentation area. When I look at industrial and clean tech, although a lot of people talk about that, I don’t think that our competitors have the diversity and capability that we do. I think we build a high mix of electronics in more low cost locations than anybody else in the world and we consider Jabil op (ph) will be in the mid $17 billion range this year, at least above $17 billion in revenue this year. And 70% of that output is built in lot quantities of 100 or less. We are largest high mix manufacturing business on the planet, and we think that’s a very highly differentiated capability to bring to a market in a world where virtually our customers are efforting to get to new places, new locations, tap growth in emerging markets, bring new technologies to the products that they have in their portfolio, leverage our product development skills, and so helping our customer base, manage through that global complexity, architecting and helping them architect global supply chain networks is a significant differentiation.
Craig Hettenbach: And then just as a follow up, as you talk to customers, what’s your sense in terms of in-demand today versus three or six months ago, and then just kind of inventory adjustments, do you think we’re through most of those?
Tim Main: I think it varies, Craig, by business area. In enterprise and infrastructure my sense is that the mood is turning more towards optimism. So there is more bias to the upside, taking overhang of the T-Mobile, AT&T acquisition, put a cap on some needed infrastructure spend in North America, the collapse of 2.5G in China and some of the economic slowdown, and worry about economic slowdown in Asia put a kind of a cap on spend there. And of course, we have Europe that’s in a midst of a recession. My sense is that most of the inventory issues have been worked through and that we will see an expansion of the spend as some of the uncertainties have cleared down over the last three or four months, and then as people get progressive – depend on how the macroeconomic environment does but if as long as it stays in a stage of even lacklustre growth, I think that the bias is more towards the upside. Diversified manufacturing services is just growing crazy. We’ve got great growth there, we’ve had great growth there. We expect to continue to have great growth there. So our customers are happy with our performance, we’re happy with our customers, and we feel like we can continue to grow that at a world class pace. And in high velocity that’s an area where we look for a lot of great growth but we have significant customer relationships there. Craig, we’re getting pretty good at it. And in high velocity too, I don’t think we will continue to earn 4% operating margins in high velocity. I would expect this enterprise and infrastructure margins improve. We might see high velocity move into the mid-3s because we do need to support customers, it’s a very competitive business. But that said, we’ve really been able to use lean manufacturing and consolidate our operations (indiscernible) get our customers into fewer sites and drive a lot of efficiency that way. So we’re very happy with our performance in that area. I don’t think the consumer spend has been great across the board but it’s been okay. And our customers there are doing pretty well. So I would say we’re getting progressively more optimistic than the way things looked three or four months ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi: I just wanted to clarify first on margins. Forbes, do we – when we look at DMS, should we expect sort of a similar trajectory of fiscal ’11 where we would see some modest improvement in the May quarter and then maybe another step-up into the August quarter? I am just trying to understand how you go from sort of 5.9 to the high 6s over the next two to three quarters.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, I think that’s a fair representation. We would expect obviously, as I’ve articulated the aftermarket services turns back to historical levels, so that – that naturally gets us into above 6%, 6.4%, 6.5% and we’ve got some product transitions going on in Q3. There are investments in MTG but I think a similar ramp through the back half of the year to what you saw last year is appropriate. So yeah we feel very comfortable that we can certainly go into that type of recovery back into the targeted ranges.
Tim Main: It’s certainly been the cycle of operating margins to rebound from the Q2 period. As Forbes said, there is a very straightforward reason in aftermarket services why we have confidence how to recover. I think the brighter, the more interesting part of the story is looking at FY’13 and the growth of the diversified manufacturing services segment. If you take, and what we have shown you on slide 19 overall, diversified manufacturing services is expected to grow at 22% in FY’13. Overall that drives about a 12% to 13% growth for the company when you consider enterprise and infrastructure. And if you just look at our margin mix, general speaking, with the diversified manufacturing services conservatively in the 6.5% range, and then more normalized margin, high velocity and enterprise infrastructure should be a great year for us. So I really think that’s the more interesting part of the story. As you go quarter to quarter, these 9-year periods are relatively arbitrary. We will have margin – a little bit of margin variation as individual aspects of the business do better or worse. We’re really happy that revenue was as strong as it was in the quarter $4.2 billion at the high end of the range, and operating margins at the midpoint and EPS and earnings being where they should be in that environment. So it’s kind of a bullish set of circumstances for us to be in today, particularly when you consider we are doing relative to some of the other comparison in the industry that showed contraction in the December period and we will see how people do in the March period. But I think we are essentially doing a good job of growing the company and showing good earnings in this environment.
Amitabh Passi: And I was also wondering on slide 15, you showed basically a list of design wins in your healthcare and life sciences area. Is there any way you can give us a sense of the size of this pipeline, just trying to get a sense of how robust –
Tim Main: Size of this pipeline along with support about 30% growth rate in healthcare and life sciences.
Amitabh Passi: For fiscal ’13?
Tim Main: For fiscal ’13,’14, kind of grated in that area but yeah, we will start with fiscal ’13, sure.
Amitabh Passi: And then just a fiscal question from me. On your enterprise and infrastructure for fiscal ’13, I think you put a 10% growth rate expectation. Just wondering is that all just sort of organic, are you expecting some incremental program ramps or market share wins? Just curious your thought process around the 10% growth for fiscal ’13?
Tim Main: Okay. Well, there are some new business opportunities and there always are from time to time in that business. But it’s a return to secular growth rate as some of the headwinds that we discussed from Europe to mergers between carriers in Asia along with inventory corrections, all those things kind of abating combined with some of the market share wins that we’ve attained over the last 12 months. And there are some new business opportunities for us with existing customers. So we’re in great shape with our storage customers. We think that telecommunications will start to recover as well as networking. So I’d look at that business over a long term period of time and say that we would expect that business to grow at a secular growth rate of 6% to 8%, which you could look at a number of electronic publications that track growth in enterprise facing and infrastructure industries. And that’s kind of a normalized growth rate, we think we can do just little bit better than that in FY’13.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham.
Sean Hannan: You’ve provided a lot of great color today. I think everybody appreciates that certainly ahead of your event coming up in May. The one area I want to see if I could focus around was materials technology group. There has been a lot of speculation in news out there around competitors large and small. I think that you have spoken to this at different points in time. I was looking to see if you could update us on the competition you are seeing within that space, the degree you are seeing even in some cases, perhaps new entrants or changes in the scale of perhaps even pricing of some of the other players.
Tim Main: In terms of competition, it’s usual suspects. I think Catcher is compare – Foxconn certainly has an activity in this area. HighP, Nypro, BYD, these are companies that engage in this type of activity. So the competitors are the same. I think there is a – which is typical for particularly what comes out of Taiwan sometimes is an overreaction or dramatization of brand and news bites that come out. This is a big exploding marketplace, and I think the thing that people really don’t grab entirely – it’s not a mature market yet when we talk about smartphones and higher and higher end products in the mobility marketplace. Our people believe that we are really in the beginning years of this expansion and this will be a very big market that will require more than just our MTG group to support. And so we would caution people not to overreact to news bits that come out. Our relationships are very strong. We are expanding capacity with some very strategic customers. We have good line of sight through new product transitions and new product families. So we feel very good about our position. It’s – can be a brutally competitive market, but our engineering in innovation and ingenuity kind of carriers the day for us. And that’s where we rely on to be competitive. So we will continue to effort to keep our technology updated, keep bringing new ingenuity in the marketplace and stay at the forward part of the market developments and not be kind of fast follower beyond the – and then more commoditized part of the marketplace.
Sean Hannan: That’s very helpful. And then in a follow up to some of the thoughts around the space, obviously it’s grown very well, a part of that’s been on the back of a very large smartphone and tablet OEM. Can you talk about how you rank the contributors to that ‘13 growth that you are targeting in terms of either further penetration with that largest customer in the space, others perhaps that may be within the consumer markets. I think that there is an element of some medical customers, a number of programs that will be coming in as revenues next year and if there is a little bit of insight around how much they could contribute to that 25% growth, that would be helpful?
Tim Main: That’s a great point. We are very excited about the single use device market and how we can leverage our skills in MTG into broader participation in the healthcare and life sciences area. I think you will see increasing contribution from that aspect of our business in FY’13 and FY’14. That said, I think the bigger part of the story will continue to be mobility with the existing customer base for the foreseeable future, just because the numbers  are so, it tends to dwarf the great progress that we are making in areas like healthcare. But we are very excited about it, it’s very meaningful when we look at these plus 20 design wins when we can show them the capabilities that we have to integrate these complex products from optics capability to our MTG capability along with world-class healthcare design capability in manufacturing and quality to be a safe pair of hands to bring all of that capability together and really help customers create great new products. That they couldn’t manifest on their own, we struggle to manifest our their own would be a accurate way to put it. And that’s going to be – and over the next three to five years, that’s going to increase – be an increasingly important part of the business. But so I would say when we look at FY’13, the bulk of the $1 billion or so of growth that we should see in MTG will be driven primarily through the existing customer base and continued expansion across a broad range of mobility products and accessories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital.
Amit Daryanani: Just have a question on the MTG group, it looks like more than half of the revenues in that segment really come from one customer. I am curious, are you guys really comfortable with that kind of concentration and other CapEx plans in place to support that one customer or is it to really broaden the customer base?
Tim Main: We would like to have more diversity overall, Amit, and we’re adding customers to that portfolio. But you also need to make sure you are doing business with market leaders. And so we are comfortable that the investments that we are making are very sound business prospects ahead of it. I’d also like to remind everybody that our larger customers in that business coinvest with Jabil. So many of the dollars that you see flowing into MTG, a very high percentage of that is matched with co-investment from customers. So there is a very high level of commitment to the go-forward plan on a long term basis. So that really helps us get comfortable with the fidelity of the relationship and the solidity of the go-forward plan.
Amit Daryanani: In that segment again, could you maybe help us understand what are the current utilization rates in that segment and how much incremental capacity are you maybe adding given the CapEx plans right now and full fiscal ’13?
Tim Main: I can’t really give you a percentage. I guess an easy map, I would say, we’re adding approximately 25% to our capacity in over the course of between now and approximately the midpoint of FY’13. We’re at extremely high level of utilization right now in most areas of the business.
Amit Daryanani: And just finally on the high velocity side, given the fact – I think you made a comment that handsets within that segment should decline in Q3. So should we expect the margins that you continue to remain investing high 3% to 4% range for potentially for all these quarters as well?
Tim Main: I wouldn’t expect the 4% range, we’re not providing specific segment margin guidance, it gets a little bit tricky. I have indicated that I think that we can operate high velocity for the full fiscal year at 3% or above. And I think we will address our long term targets for that business area later this year on an annual cycle, revisit all of our long term targets probably on the December call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison: Just a few clarifications I was looking to get. The repurchase I think it’s about another $50 million remaining. Is the expectation that you would finish at before the end of the fiscal year? And the with just the overhead reductions cited in the presentation, is that solely headcount reductions or is that facility closures?
Forbes Alexander: It’s Forbes. Yeah, essentially our authorization for loans was $100 million in stock and that runs through to the October timeframe of 2012. So $60 million outstanding, $40 million repurchase in the last quarter. The intent of our repurchase program was to ensure – we attenuated the dilution of our stock. We will see how that progresses but certainly at this point in time, our intent would be to complete our repurchase program over the balance of the term, if you will, through October of 2012.
Shawn Harrison: Then just in terms of the overhead reduction action, is that headcount based or facility based –
Forbes Alexander: Well, we’re really characterizing that as – we don’t foresee any specific facility closures or anything of that nature. But if you look at the performance that we put off in terms of our high velocity business in some of the lean practices, leaning our processes, efficiencies there, we will look to take some of the lessons learned there, apply those across the enterprise and infrastructure segment. So at this point in time, we certainly – and I would not expect any site capacity reductions but certainly really attribute that to much more of leaning out the processes and efficiencies of running our manufacturing operations.
Shawn Harrison: One final question if I could. As you move towards GAAP reporting in fiscal ’13, the variance between the margins right now the GAAP margins, how would that be split between the business units? Should we just assume it’s equitably split or just an idea of how to think about that?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, intangible elements will certainly be attributed directly to the various business units and that’s what about $15 million to $20 million a year. The stock based compensation, we’re still working through that. That’s a little bit trickier in terms of how you want to allocate that given the datas based on headcount. So we will continue to work through that and we will certainly give you more color on that as we move towards the end of the fiscal year here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Little bit focusing on the DMS margins and understanding you have the kind of issues, get back in your margins this year. When we look at year over year, there’s very, very strong growth in that segment up 44% but operating margin was up only about 4%. If you strip out that one-time item, can you kind of let us know about what that would have been and going forward of course seasonally, we would expect the margins in that business to grow or segment to grow as it has been in the past? But can you get some leverage out of that to actually grow operating margin percents higher year over year – is it more about the throughput and velocity
Forbes Alexander: Jim, the impact this past quarter, I think that’s what you referred to, was about 40, 50 basis points in the quarter which is – that’s about for the year is –
Tim Main: $8 million in a quarter. It’s not that much.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, it’s going to be 10, 20 basis points for the year. So as we move forward here that we certainly expect to see year over year expansion in terms of DMS segmentation margins. As we’ve articulated, we’re making some significant investments in the back half of this fiscal year, and revenues and income streams attributable to that investments will then start to appear towards the end of Q4 and certainly in the first half of fiscal ’13. So as we run volumes through there and we start to see some of these design activities come to fruition in terms of revenue flow. The current full year’s contribution of Telmar for aftermarket services business there and the organic expansion of some opportunities there, we certainly expect to see some nice margin – overall margin expansion a reported year over year basis and a full fiscal year ’13 versus ’12 as we move through fiscal ’13.
Tim Main: Jim, when we look at FY’13, and we look at the growth in diversified manufacturing services relative to the other business areas. DMS should rise to 47%, 48% of the overall business from where it is today. And the basic margin portfolio or margin mix should provide some year over year margin expansion for the company overall that will be very attractive.
Jim Suva: And a quick follow up, with the CapEx number that’s higher the $0.5 billion CapEx, should we look at that as kind of the new run rate for the company or is this kind of a big, big investment here for the company or should we – I am just trying to get a grasp on what the CapEx is required given your new business model, the DMS in higher profitability? Thank you.
Tim Main: Well, it’s a great question. We don’t know what we’re going to spend in FY’13. We’re going to have to start expressing this in terms of percent of incremental revenue and things like that because the company is getting a heck of a lot bigger. And our EBITDA margins are increasing. So it’s not really – it’s fundamentally quarter to quarter -- it might look a little odd but fundamentally over the longer term period it certainly is impairing the company’s ability to generate cash flow from operations and free cash flow. Now in fact, we think in terms of EBITDA yield, we’ll still have significant free cash flow over time, with EBITDA margin of 6.2 and we are looking at margin – additional margin expansion in FY’13. CapEx could be another $500 million. I don’t think it will be that high but we just don’t know at this point. And if the EBITDA margins climb another 30, 40, 50 basis points, we’re going to be generating a lot of cash flow and even at that level, with the $19 billion plus company, we’re going to see pretty good free cash flow, which is still paramount in the company’s business plan.
Beth Walters: Thanks Jim. Operator, I understand we have one last question on the line.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to follow with – I think last quarter you talked about your full year revenue guidance of $17.4 billion for fiscal ’12. Are you still comfortable with that and do you think you could beat that number?
Tim Main: I think it’s certainly possible. The midpoint of our guidance at 4.3, that would imply a much bigger Q4 than I’d ask people to model. I think we are very comfortable with the earnings and the operating income. So we might have a little bit more revenue variation, Sherri, than what we thought last quarter but we are still very comfortable with the earnings profile and driving the margins up. So the business mix is actually improving and so we are less concerned about where exactly are in terms of revenue – revenue could be plus or minus a couple hundred million dollars, and I think we will be okay with that as long as the earnings are there. And we feel very good about the earnings.
Beth Walters: Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. Obviously we are pleased with our performance in the second quarter and our outlook moving forward and our traction to our stated long term goals of growing our diversified manufacturing services (indiscernible). I would also note that Tim Main will be a guest on Mad Money tomorrow evening. So you might want to tune in and check out that. Thanks very much for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-12-21 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Susan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. (Operator Instructions). Thank you, Miss Beth Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter of 2012 earnings call. Joining me today are President and CEO Timothy Main and Chief Financial Officer Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website jabil.com in the Investor section. Our first quarter press release and corresponding webcast and slides are also available on our website. In these slides, you’ll find the financial information that we covered during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website beginning with slide two, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we’ll be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2012 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiencies and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumption involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2011 and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K in our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You may have noticed in our last earnings call and in our recently published annual report we have begun to highlight GAAP operating results. While, we are currently still reporting and publishing core results, it is our intention to move fully to GAAP beginning in fiscal 2013. In addition, we will also be providing guidance on a long term year-over-year outlook. This change to our guidance aligns more closely with how we run the business making strategic long-term decision. We believe providing guidance in this fashion gives investors the most appropriate view into our business. Today's call will begin with our first quarter results highlights and comments from Forbes Alexander as well as guidance on our second fiscal quarter of 2012. Tim Main will follow with macroeconomics and Jabil’s specific comments about our performance, our model and our correct outlook. We will then open it up to questions from our call attendees. I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Hello everyone. I would ask you to refer to slide 3. Our net revenue for the first quarter was $4.3 billion, an increase of 6% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $170.8 million or 3.9% of revenue which compares to $156 million of GAAP operating income on revenues of $4.1 billion or 3.8% for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income excluding the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation increased 7% to $194.6 million and represents 4.5% of revenue. This compares to $181.9 million or 4.5% for the same period in the prior year. On a sequential basis, revenue increased 1% in the first quarter while core operating income increased 4%. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.65, an increase of 7% over the prior year. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $0.54, an increase of 10% over the prior year. Now I ask you to refer to slide four for segment discussion. In the first quarter our diversified manufacturing services segment increased 30% on year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.8 billion representing 42% of total company revenue. Core operating income expanded in the quarter to 6.8% of revenue. The enterprise and infrastructure segment increased 4% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.2 billion representing 28% of total company revenue. And core operating income for the segment was 2% of revenue. Our enterprise and infrastructure performance was below expectations as we experienced revenue reductions late in the quarter as a result of inventory leveling with specific large customers associated with a specific mix and inbound product transitions. We expect a return to revenue growth and improved core operating income performance the following of this fiscal year. Our High Velocity segment performed above our expectations for the quarter, segment revenues decreased by 14% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was approximately $1.3 billion representing 30% of total company revenues in the quarter. Core operating income for the segment was 3.8% of revenue and on a sequential basis we saw strength across the whole segment and core operating income performance exceeded our expectations primarily as a result of fixed cost leverage in a seasonally high quarter. It is also now interesting to note that we have one 10% customer in each of our segments. Now I'll ask you to refer slide five for a review our balance sheet metrics. We ended the quarter with cash balances of $862 million, conventionally with approximately $2.4 billion, representing 7% increase not only associated with our enterprise and infrastructure business where we experienced some weakness late in the quarter; inventory turns remained at 7%. Overall working capital management remained well controlled. As a result, cash flows from operations was approximately $115 million in the quarter. We began the quarter with $275 million or 6.4%; an expansion of the 30 basis points over the same period a year ago. With regards to capital allocation, we continue to maintain a balanced approach, investing in our business and returning cash to shareholders. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $95 million as we continue to invest in infrastructure to support our targeted markets and capabilities. The second quarter of the fiscal year, we expect CapEx levels to be approximately $80 to $90 million reflective of capacity and infrastructure to support higher levels of production in the second half of the fiscal year. During the quarter, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 14%, bringing our yearly cash dividend to $0.32 per share. So why we did not repurchased any shares during the quarter; we still have a $100 million available of our authorization for the fiscal year. We are also pleased to announce the completion of the Telmar acquisition on December 1st with the purchase price of approximately $130 million. I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Telmar employees to Jabil. Moving forward, the Telmar results will be incorporated within our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. Specifically, within the Specialized Services business that their capability will strength the depth and scope of our current Aftermarket Services business. The acquired revenue is approximately $145 million per year. Now I’ll ask you to turn to slide six and seven for a summary of the quarter’s performance. We are pleased with the first quarter’s results; core operating margin performance of 4.5% at the high end of our guidance and revenues at the lower end of our guidance reflective of continued operational efficiency and diversification of our revenue stream. Returns on invested capital calculated on a GAAP net income basis expanded 2% on a year-over-year basis and 26% providing and meeting capital returns in the EMS industry. Now I’ll walk through to the slide nine and 10 where I’ll discuss our second quarter guidance. We expect revenue in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis to increase approximately 4% in a range of $4 billion to $4.2 billion. On a sequential basis, overall revenue and operating guidance are consistent to the level of seasonality we experienced in fiscal 2011. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $160 million to $185 million and core operating margin in the range of 4% to 4.4%. Our core earnings per share will be in a range of $0.52 to $0.62 per diluted share based upon dilutive share count of 270 million shares. Based upon the current estimates of production, tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 18% for the quarter and the year. Turning to our segments and year-on-year performance, the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase 25%. Enterprise and Infrastructure segment is expected to be consistent on a year-over-year basis. Finally, our High Velocity segment is expected to decrease 14% on year-over-year basis. I would now like to hand over the call to Tim Main.
Tim Main: Thank you, Forbes. Well, the first fiscal quarter 2012 was an interesting quarter, very solid results; it’s a little more uneven than what we would typically like. Enterprise and Infrastructure was disappointing in total, but that underperformance was isolated and we feel confident about the prospects for Enterprise and Infrastructure going forward. We have very good customer relationships in this segment, with stable to expanding share of wallet in all major business relationships. And we do expect margins to continue expansion as we experienced revenue growth over the balance of the year along with the benefits of cost reductions already underway in certain sites in Western Europe. Very strong results and over-performance from our Diversified Manufacturing Services Group and an outstanding margin performance as well as sequential and year-over-year revenue growth. Many of you might be interested in a specific High Velocity customer, which I want to forewarn you, we will not be able to answer any questions about specific customer relationships. However, recognizing the state of uncertain generally and as a result of some of the more uneven results in fiscal Q2, we thought it would be helpful to help you understand and characterize the balance of our fiscal year and we've prepared some material to help you along with how we see the balance of the fiscal year for our company. If you can please turn to slide 12; using our fiscal first quarter results and the midpoint of our fiscal second quarter guidance, revenue for the first half of fiscal ‘12 should be approximately $8.4 billion. In the second half of the year, we expect the Diversified Manufacturing Group to continue leading growth and we have the organic growth contribution from Aftermarket Services which is typically at these 12% to 15% per year combined with the benefit of the Telmar acquisition. We also continue to expect results from Materials Technology Group, and the Industrial and Clean-Tech and the Healthcare and Instrumentation business areas to continue expansion over the course of the year. Given our market share and relatively stable demand trends in the Enterprise and Infrastructure Group and I want to highlight that, we see a relatively stable demand trends in the Enterprise and Infrastructure and we see growth in the second half exceeding the first half which we think is reasonable. We’re being conservative of our revenue performance in High Velocity in the second half of the year. This chart would indicate we are expecting a contraction of approximately $110 million in the second half of the year. However, the quality of that revenue in High Velocity and the margins should continue to be above the high-end of long-term targeted margin range. In essence, this result in fiscal ‘12 of approximately $9 billion in the second half and the total year revenue of about $17.4 billion. We’re not trying to handicap anything more or less into this picture; just providing you a viewpoint as to where we think we are today and how the balance of the year might unfold. Please turn to slide 13. So the year unfolded about this level. I would regard this as a solid year with a good trend in business mix towards the Diversified Manufacturing Services and business area. Margin and profit expansion can take place on much more moderate revenue growth, which I would regard is a very good thing. Please turn to slide 14, Diversified Manufacturing Services Group growth is underpinned by a very substantial market opportunity for the company, approximately a $500 billion addressable market with very low levels of penetration and you can find this chart highlighted in our annual report, the fiscal 2012 annual report, I mean it actually goes in to additional detail of market sub-segments in each of these business areas. Jabil has a leading or at beachhead position in all of these areas and we look to a significant growth in these areas over the next three, four, five years. Turn to slide 15, please. So, in summary, we’d regard our first fiscal quarter and the fiscal year to be very solid performance in an uncertain environment. We expect moderate revenue growth in fiscal 2012, that's a little bit lower than what we’ve just experienced historically, but good solid revenue growth underpinned by a strong improvement in portfolio mix towards Diversified Manufacturing Services. We are continuing our focus on lean manufacturing and operating efficiency and all of these elements combined would help us, keep us on track towards a third consecutive record year for the company in terms of revenue incoming EPS. Our long-term business objectives remain on track and we look forward to fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013 and beyond.
Beth Walters: Operator, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer portion of the call. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi.
Amitabh Passi: Tim, first question for you. I think last quarter you talked about you know the business having to sort of outgrow despite the weak macroeconomic environment. We’ve now seen year-over-year growth trends decelerate from like 32% to 4%. Just wondering how you would sort of explain that and is your expectation that sort of middle single digits is now a more reasonable growth target for a fiscal 2012?
Tim Main: Well 7% to 8% growth is significantly above macroeconomic growth and in fact I think would be a leading position in terms of S&P 500 companies and I think that’s based on what we see today. So our long-term growth objectives remain on track, 20% to 30% in diversified manufacturing services and 5% to 10% in the other business areas. We look back in fiscal 2012 over growth in fiscal 2011 and 2012 will certainly be if not in the range above the range of growth for those business areas. So I am having a hard time getting to your interpretation of where we are and actually this growth is terms of topline growth might be a little bit below where analyst add us after the conference call in September, but given the portfolio mix towards diversified manufacturing services, the income and EPS associated with this revenue stream is roughly equivalent. So I would regard this as nice tradeout of lower margin revenue for a better earnings profile and more sustainability. So I think I’d take fiscal 2012 particularly in this environment.
Amitabh Passi: And then just as a quick follow-up perhaps the way forward, can you help us understand what we should expect in terms of operating margin expectations for HVS and E&I. I think HVS certainly surprised on the upside and E&I on the downside, just for the February quarter, how we should be thinking about movements for these two segments?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, so, I will certainly give you some color in general terms, we don’t provide specific guidance around each of these segments, but you know let’s take Enterprise and Infrastructure, it underperformed in the first quarter. As you really know about our revenue growth and as we said in the prepared remarks actually the guidance we are providing is growth through the balance of the second fiscal quarter and the balance of the year. So we should see some pretty reasonable margin progression. I will remind you that last quarter we discussed the closure of our site in Northern Italy. So that's underway. We had anticipated that would occur and there will be some benefit in the February quarter so what we meet the margin accretion and then we will see the full benefit of those closures in the third and fourth quarter. But principally we add back the revenue, we see the growth and we will start to see the margins progress from 2.5% and I would expect that to be very close to the low end of our operating targets as we get through the fourth fiscal quarter here, remind everyone that the long-term target is in the range of 4% to 4.5%. In terms of the High Velocity arena you see, extremely pleased with the performance in the first fiscal quarter and the way we think about that is that we did some high utilization of assets in the seasonally high first quarter. So I would expect some decline in those margins as we move forward to the balance of the year, sequentially we will see revenues coming down as a result of this November high season. So the way to think about that is probably certainly above the high end of our targeted range, 2.5% somewhere probably approaching the 3% for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets To fully understand, what drove the revenue degradation, certainly there was one inbound program that just got changed towards the end and is that the expectation of that ground [pop] and you should see revenues and margins start to improve.
Tim Main: The revenue underperformance from enterprise infrastructure in Q1 was driven by really characterizes this as about a $160 million and $170 million revenue miss, about half was associated with excess inventory, buffer inventory to cover inbound transition of programs from a large customer and they set up buffer inventory that was larger than needed to support that product transition and we are working down those buffers now with that customer and then there was a couple of other customers that are just going through general inventory corrections which we think will rectify very quickly. So I think it is really important to say that the underlying demand is relatively stable. We just happen to get with two or three isolated circumstances of inbound transition issues and a couple of inventory corrections. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets That’s actually very helpful and then Forbes just to understand the cash flow from operations, typically Q1 I think tends to be the softer quarter and then it tends to improve over the next few quarters. So I am actually surprised you had 100 million plus of cash flow this quarter, should we expect cash flow to continue improve throughout fiscal '12 as it historically tend to do?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, it should and you’re absolutely, right. We did an outstanding job in overall working capital management this quarter. So as we move forward to the balance of the year, I would expect continued strong cash flow from operations performance. We certainly are regularized to produce somewhere in the region of $175 million to $200 million plus a quarter as we look at to the balance of the year. So that given where some of the CapEx and the acquisition of Telmar, that we bought on the 1st of December is certainly allowing us I think to probably return somewhere between $200 million of free cash flow in the fiscal year, so again, another very strong year from a working capital and cash flow perspective. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets For now, I’ll probably just ask last one, if you could shape the $410 million of incremental revenues in the back half in three different greens, is there anything that you could say how much would come from Specialized Services versus Healthcare and Industrial?
Tim Main: Yeah, it’s roughly as I kind of look at the board I would say roughly $75 million to $100 million would come from actually about half would come from Specialized Services and half would come from the other business areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander [Raymond James].
Brian Alexander: If I look at your guidance for the E&I revenue in Q2, it doesn’t look like you're expecting much of a sequential increase maybe 1$ or 2%, so I am just trying to reconcile the revenue outlook for that segment; what’s your comment that the Q1 shortfall was temporary and unusual?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah Brian, this is Forbes. The sequential guidance is about 3% as we move forward, so you know that actually a drop we’ll typically see in this February quarter you know as we – as Tim articulated in answer to previous question, you know those end markets are relatively stable from our perspective and the customer relationship however is not – and the inventory correction that we saw. So we are seeing growth; we have seen that occur in last couple of weeks here in December, so subsequent growth and we expect continue to work on that cost this fiscal year also.
Brian Alexander: And then just on the margins at E&I Forbes, the 60% decline in profitability year-over-year. Can you break that out; how much of that was due to you know one-time restructuring actions versus the operating losses in your European facilities versus maybe some other lower than expected volumes you talked about?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, so in terms of the below than expected volumes, typically we’re seeing instances of about 10% de-leveraging on our revenue, okay; so $16 million of an impact there because it was late in the quarter. In terms of the year-over-year basis, in our first fiscal quarter of last year, as you’re aware, we didn’t have sites in France and Italy which are predominately Enterprise and Infrastructure focused sites, so this quarter and it was an impact there of somewhere between 50 and 70 basis points on that margin. So have those back; and we started you know be settling off to 3 points and approaching 3.5 points I think (inaudible). And as I said earlier, we have started this restructuring process; we do expect to be hit the sites in locations by the end of February, that’s the current target and we should then see continued pickup in Q3, then Q4 again as we see revenues continue to ramp towards the low-end of our targeted range of 4 to 4.5 points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Louis Miscioscia [Collins Stewart].
Louis Miscioscia: Yes, maybe if you could go through Diversified Manufacturing and E&I. I know you just mentioned E&I seems stable, I guess you are gaining that trend into, well into the first half and also that same comment on Diversified Manufacturing, you know you commented that you are growing above the macro-economy; but is that most will be due to new wins or macro-economy from what you are seeing from your customers maybe a little bit above 1%?
Tim Main: The comment about macro-economic activity was in response to assertion that Jabil’s growth no longer would exceed the macro-economic activity generally and it certainly will even with this year with revenue growth moderating. In terms of Enterprise and Infrastructure, Louis it was, what was your specific question there?
Louis Miscioscia: Yeah, just trying to basically, I asked about end demand broadly?
Tim Main: Yeah, end demand is actually pretty decent and stable, I mean actually if you go back and look at previous years, Q1 is typically not a very good quarter for us, you know we had a decline in sequential growth in ’10 and a decline in sequential growth in ’11 and a little bit more of a sequential decline this quarter. But Q2 growth rebound, so underlying demand trends are okay and that’s why we are pointing to few isolated customer relationships; we don’t want to give investors the wrong message because this always seems to flow back to specific customers which can be embarrassing and frankly is not true. The computing; the storage market was actually a bright spot and you know we’ve been very stable to upper demand and we’re growing sure of wallet in the storage business area, and telecommunications area particularly, wireless. Infrastructure, demand is good we are saying some inventory leveling and some technology changes that we elongate some of the product transitions to Jabil. And then other elements of Enterprise and Infrastructure you know nothing to write a whole about terms of great growth, but decent stability and I think most of the marketplace has been sensitized to expect lower levels of annual year-over-year growth in the data communications area in particular. So I think its nothing remarkable or certainly disappointed in the first fiscal quarter performance relative to our expectation; but relative to previous year’s performance in fiscal Q1, not a great deal, worse than fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2010. And actually we will look to the balance of the year; very high confidence levels that our revenue growth will resume growth in Q2 and continue throughout the year.
Louis Miscioscia: In High Velocity……
Tim Main: In Diversified Manufacturing Services, you had a similar question in Diversified Manufacturing Services?
Louis Miscioscia: Yeah sure, just what you are saying and I guess from demand perspective.
Tim Main: Yeah, I think demand there is really robust given the transition from vertically integrated factories to the virtual manufacturing model, when you talk about industrial and healthcare companies. Renewable energy is still good, there are some elements, renewable energy that can be a bit choppier at this point, but certainly a robust long-term growth area. The material technology group has a very robust demand and although we do see some seasonality in that business in Q2 given the seasonal sellthrough of the smartphone products that manufacture these technology group builds for. And then the after market services area along with Telmar acquisition, solid year-over-year organic growth on a steady basis. So DMS, Diversified Manufacturing Services, we expect to continue to see very robust demand for the services we provide.
Operator: Your next question comes form the line of Wamsi Mohan.
Wamsi Mohan: Tim, you highlighted a $600 million incremental revenue in this second half versus the first half and that’s about the same as what you did last fiscal year, if you exclude the Telmar acquisition. So may be you can share what you’re seeing in the pipeline that’s giving you the confidence that you can do the same incremental dollar growth when arguably done certainty, it seems much higher in the near term?
Tim Main: Yeah I’m not sure, I don’t know that the uncertainty is increasing. I think the talking heads on TV are pulling their hair out at a faster rate, but I think the overall economic environment isn't getting a lot worse or a lot better, not changing rapidly. Things seem to be a little better in the United States, a little bit slower in Europe, Asia you know continues to be stable. So I think the economic environment is relatively benign you know if you will in terms of influence. $600 million in incremental revenue growth you know as you point out is pretty similar to what we had last year. We see, if you look at the Enterprise and Infrastructure portion of that, we essentially get back to $166 million that wasn’t there in fiscal Q1 because, now that’s a share of wallet issue and a sellthrough rate issue. So once that inventory is consumed and the product transitions are completed, you get that, basically that same runrate back into the revenue stream. And then there are some additional customer programs we expect to ramp in the production over the course of Q3 and Q4. So feel good about it in enterprise infrastructure. Actually a very good line of sight to that as well and then in Diversified Manufacturing Services, gosh we are 30% year-over-year in Q1. Materials technology, aftermarket services, industrial all have very good growth prospects for the balance of the year. We are actually even seeing growth in areas like defense and aerospace. So we feel good about line in sight to growth in those areas as well. And I think one of the reasons we went through this and I want to make sure that investors are in touch with what we think is a realistic perspective on the High Velocity business segment and actually seeing that contract in the second half of the year and that attenuates the revenue growth for the year. Yet again the margin profile and earnings power of the company is unaffected by that, actually improved by that changeout of High Velocity revenue for enterprise infrastructure and diversified manufacturing services. So it’s actually a pretty good tradeout in our calculus of how the year should unfold. I think what you've got to do to put faith in this is you've got to believe that macroeconomic conditions continue at about the same rate. Again I made the comment during my prepared remarks that we are not trying to handicap anything more or less into this guidance, simply what we see today based on sellthrough rates in the current economic environment. If you are someone who thinks the environment is going to get a lot worse, then this is probably something you won't have faith in. If you believe the economic environment will probably continue to be relatively tepid or lackluster, I think this is something you can put a lot of faith in. I think the company has put up spectacular results in the face of significant macroeconomic headwinds and I don't think those headwinds are any worse today than they have been in fiscal 2011 or previously. So we wanted to help people understand how we see the balance of the year given all the moving parts and all of the collateral information that people have been getting over the last three or four months and worrying about frankly. So we are looking for you know what we think is a pretty solid year, maybe a little bit lower revenue growth but earnings that will compare very favorably with fiscal 2011.
Wamsi Mohan: And then a quick clarification on the High Velocity 110 million decline in the second half, is that an expectation of just broad based, more or fairly concentrated sort of across a couple of customers?
Tim Main: It’s fairly concentrated in specific product categories. I think it’s kind of interesting if you look at High Velocity year-over-year in fiscal Q1. We really reduced our exposure to the mobility EMS handset business and the TV set display business. Rest, if you exclude the displays and the handset business, rest of High Velocity is actually very stable to up year-over-year and businesses like automotive has been robust, our printing business is strong with good year-over-year growth. So point of sales systems is good and so we are actually excluding the areas of the business where we have kind of intentionally pushed away from or deemphasized, High Velocity is actually in pretty good shape. So that revenue degradation is specific to certain product areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Just the follow up on HVS, with margins running better than kind of the long-term target here in you deemphasizing sort of the EMS handset type business and the panels. I guess what would push it back toward that 2.5% as you get into fiscal 2013 is it solely mixers or something else that we should be looking out for or on the other hand, can it run at 3% going forward?
Tim Main: I think it is reasonable to think that high velocity given what we see today can run for the year at about 3% or a little bit better. So to be above long term of our targeted range and I think opportunistically you know it’s an opportunistic business area by nature. If we find opportunities to expand the business, we would be looking for areas where there is higher value add opportunities for the company. I think we will take a look at our long-term targets for High Velocity closer to the end of the year, when we kind of refresh for fiscal year 2013. But I think Forbes and I both will be comfortable with the expectation that High Velocity operating margins for the year can start with the three probably somewhere in the low three’s. And we would expect to see, I know we talked and mentioned this in our prepared remarks or Q&A, but we do see the Enterprise and Infrastructure margins improving over the course of the year by about 50 basis points per quarter. So to kind of do that and we’ve got consistent margins in the Diversified Manufacturing Services area, which we think is reasonable expectation and that’s why we think the earnings power of the company is in pretty good shape for the year. Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research And then this as a brief follow-up, I guess, inventory expectations for the February quarter, would you expect inventory down as to decline? And then on the buyback, I guess, what are you looking at in terms of the stock price anything like that just to maybe complete the $100 million authorization out there?
Forbes Alexander: Let me handle the last portion of stock price, as we noted in prepared remarks, we do have an authorization of $100 million available to us and you know the intent there is that we use that during the fiscal year. So we should start to see as, for that interaction as move through the coming quarters here; we wouldn't expect to use that in any one particular quarter, but a measured approach as we move through the balance of the fiscal year. In terms of inventory, yeah we should absolutely see plans for declines in inventory and we certainly expect to gain back the – what was it; $160 million or so sequential increase in the quarter to bring that back then to Q4 levels of the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin [Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.]
Matt Sheerin: Just a question on DMS; Tim you talked about, you gave some guidance for growth for the next quarter and then you also talked about some seasonality in the Materials side particularly with Green Point and the smartphone exposure there, but aside from Green Point and the smartphone exposure is there much seasonality to that business because over the last few quarters you’ve been growing sequentially every quarter and obviously with a good pipeline. But how do you see that playing out from a seasonality standpoint aside from the specialized manufacturing business?
Tim Main: Well, experience would say that it’s typically not a great quarter for growth anyways, I mean even though we’re not relaying on end market growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services really playing on market penetration of our industry, but still tends to be a relatively small period. You know that said, so no, there is not much seasonality although it tends be – you know it’s not intuitive that it’s seasonal, but it tends to be definitely slow period anyways and just based on our periodical evidence of behaviors. But looking at the pipeline of growth in those businesses, Industrial, and the Clean Tech area, the Healthcare area, very, very strong performance; we do have some exposure in the Instrumentation part of Healthcare Instrumentation; there is some semiconductor capital equipment content that is very weak right now and you know when that runs through the system I think we’ll see good year-over-year growth as the balance of the year unfolds.
Matt Sheerin: And then looking at Thailand, I know you have a little bit of exposure in manufacturing on the industrial side there and then obviously it’s a big source of supply and components particularly on the hard drive side. Have you seen any impact at all negative or positive from Thailand both from a customer standpoint and the supply standpoint?
Tim Main: Very, very little. There is some impact, but very little impact to Q1. I think we’ll probably see some impact in Q2; you know we've got, you know some actual, a number of things going on in Q2 that are handicapped into the guidance, so I don't want to labor the point, but there is Chinese New Year, there is fewer working days in Q2, there will be some impact in our High Velocity business area related to set-top boxes we anticipate due to the Thailand flooding and our guys are working feverishly to offset that impact, but expectation is now that there will be some impact, but relatively modest.
Matt Sheerin: And just quickly, could you tell us who the three 10% customers were in the quarter?
Tim Main: We don’t name names at this time of the year, but we talked about them being in three different segments; one in High Velocity, one in Enterprise and Infrastructure that most people are familiar with and the other being in the Diversified Manufacturing Services area which is new for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven O'Brien [JPMorgan].
Steven O'Brien: Just a couple of quick ones here, at the end maybe on your last point Tim, would you be willing to tell us where the new DMS 10% customer falls within the three categories of DMS?
Tim Main: Again, I would like to be very specific, but you know the stuff always flows back; I mean customer relationships and that’s why we don’t name names particularly this time of the year. But if you take a look at the pie chart, you can see very significant growth in the Specialized Services area and so you know make your own bets there.
Steven O'Brien: Looking out at the CapEx this quarter, you know I think the expectation was down right, was that the CapEx might be a little lower in fiscal ‘12 versus ’11, but you know kind of at parity sort of one quarter end and clearly it sounds like there is some ramping expected for the second half of the year. So I mean just want to check in see if you could be revising that CapEx expectation and secondly on free cash flow with respect to sort of the range of outcomes would you expect it to be sort of lower if the year strengthens on working capital and higher if it kind remains the same or not?
Forbes Alexander: In terms of the CapEx, we’ve guided in to the first quarter with a $100 million. We came quite on point at $95 million actually for the first quarter. So overall expectations for the year, if we add-in our second fiscal quarter by point guidance $85 million gets you somewhere between $350 million to $400 million in terms of capital expenditures for the year, its where the thoughts are currently. So last year, we spend on a net basis like $426 million something of that nature; it’s a little bit shy of that. In addition, obviously, we have this quarter the Telmar acquisition of about $130 million. So I remind investors of that point in terms of modeling cash flows. In terms of the overall cash flows, I think your question is related to performance in terms of the cash flow depending on revenue growth. Certainly, with the back half of the year that we articulated in terms of marks to date, our working capital management has really been in my opinion outstanding over the last multiple quarters actually last five or six quarters. And I don’t see anything that would change that level of performance or direct through the balance of the fiscal year. So what that does based on the view we have of the balance of our fiscal year. It certainly provides us an opportunity of somewhere in that $175 million to $200 million plus a quarter of operating cash flow, take up those CapEx levels and expenditures that we talked about and you’re producing you know to $200 million to [$250] million of free cash flow for the year. If revenues should go past that, then our current view of the back half of the fiscal year, there will be some degradation to those cash flows purely based upon the amount of working capital that we would use and what we typically think about that in somewhere in the region of just $0.05 to $0.10 of that working capital need for every incremental dollar of revenue. Should we see softness, but clearly cash flow as well without (inaudible) these levels that we just discussed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach.
Craig Hettenbach: Tim, just following up on the HVS and expected decline in the back half of the year, anything else you could point to in terms of the diversity of the rest of your customer base or just visibility into new pipelines or winds that would help you know potentially ease some of the concern or risk around decline in HVS?
Tim Main: Yeah, the decline in HVS is limited to you know certain business areas and I think most people that follow a company can probably put that together, but our automotive businesses and High Velocity that’s actually grown significantly year-over-year, point of sale business is in decent shape, our printing business is very strong, up this year. The displays and mobility handset parts of the business are in decline and the displays I think investors are very aware of year-over-year. So those comparison will actually start to get a little bit easier in the displays part of it. Then our set-top box business has been stable. So those are the business areas, there are new winds, very stable market share. As I said if you exclude the handset and the displays part of the business, High Velocity is growing. Slow growth, but it’s growing.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay, if I could just follow up with that and on the new 10% customers in DMS. Any type of visibility from that customer in terms of would it be your expectation and that is consistently a 10% customer through the year or how is your visibility there?
Tim Main: I think they will be continue to be 10% customer yeah.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. And last one if I could for Forbes. You mentioned the 14% increase in dividend, given the increased cash flow that you are generating, any thoughts on why the dividend, you couldn’t do more in terms of bumping it up?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, well you know we just took that up about 30 40 days ago, I think. You know certainly as we look through the fiscal year you know we keep in front of mind as we look at our overall capital return policy to shareholders. So let's continue to put up the cash flows, I mean a great start to the year. We will continue to perform at these types of levels in the coming quarters and you know we will certainly keep that in front of mind as we view our dividend policy move into the fiscal year.
Tim Main: Craig I think it’s a really fair question. We've had a number of investors ask us to articulate a policy around dividends and share repurchases, in some relationship to free cash flow operating profit, some metric that investors can use to hold management accountable for return of value to shareholders. We are not prepared to articulate that today, but we are working on that type of policy and we think by the time we start talking about fiscal 2013, Forbes and I will have a position on how we look at dividends long term and in share repurchases and the role they play in how we deploy free cash flow. I think having said that we are not a company that thinks that management team should accumulate all excess cash. We think our first priority is to invest the cash in the business. We had a slide that showed our 26% GAAP income return on invested capital. Our cost of capital is under 9%, so this is a very high return investment of the dollars and we will look to have that be consistent in terms of investing in the business but beyond that we will look to dividend expansion and share repurchases and other ways of returning capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva Jim Suva - Citigroup Smith Barney When we look at the EPS to leverage potential for Jabil, it has been a long time since we have kind of had a steady environment, you know a lot of up cycles, down cycles in the past few years. It looks like for calendar Q1, you know sales were up about year-over-year about 6% and EPS was up about 6% year-over-year and if I do my math right for the full fiscal year, it looks like sales will be up about 5% to 5.3% or so year-over-year for the full fiscal 2012. For the EPS leverage, since Q1 was in line with the sales growth, I also recognized you are going through a lot of restructuring that should bear fruit in the second half of the year, should we look for EPS to grow faster than sales and what type of rate kind of like twice the sales or one and half times of sales or how should we think about the leverage and models at the bottom line?
Tim Main: Just keep in mind when you compare fiscal Q1 2012 to Q1 of 2011, fiscal Q1 2011 does not include the operations in France and Italy that were acquired, reacquired, I mean that diluted income of $5 million to $10 million, so there was some leverage and there has been some SG &A expansion that’s partly due to the reacquisition of those sites, but there is some positive leverage. I think you will see Jim, as you look out in Q3 and Q4 a more pronounced level of return of incremental revenue dollars associated with operating expense leverage as well as the shift to Diversified Manufacturing Services. Do you want to add anything to that, Forbes?
Forbes Alexander: I think that is correct. As we look at top of the year and based on our point of view of revenue there, we should see core EPS growth expand approximately from revenue growth on quarterly basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox [Cross Research].
Steven Fox: Tim, just one question related to the talking heads that you referenced, if they turn out to be maybe less prescient in 2012 and the economy sort of grows well, do you envision any of that pipeline that you've referenced maybe opening up sooner or is your chance that customers are ready to assume that slow growth environment can lead to outsourcing I mean what's the upside from here relative to what could still be a stable economy next year?
Tim Main: Well, I think it's a good question. I am not sure how to convert the comment into – I am not sure how to quantitatively convert the comment. But you know a little bit of tailwind would be exponentially good for the business particularly, when you look at infrastructure spend where we do have a pretty decent market share with customers and except the customers in the Enterprise and Infrastructure Group. I guess some tailwind that would be exponentially better for the business. And I think just having a stable to slightly positively bias environment would put Healthcare and Industrial types of customer that are approximately vertically integrated causing to be a little bit more aggressive and comfortable with an outsourcing model. You know the level of uncertainty and not knowing which way things are going to go, just naturally causes conservative people to pull their horns in and outstanding environment that’s really accelerate the outsourcing, but if there was a positive bias it would have felt like to ground which put them underneath their feet we might see an acceleration of outsourcing from presently vertically integrated companies.
Operator: And your last question for today’s session will come from the line of Sherri Scribner [Deutsche Bank].
Sherri Scribner: Tim I wanted to ask you about Diversified Manufacturing Services; that segment seems to be at least this quarter driven primarily by the Specialized Services segment and if we look on a quarter-over-quarter basis, Industrial and the Healthcare segments seem to be a bit weaker. Can you give us some outlook in terms of what you are seeing in those segments and what are your expectations for the balance of the year; do you expect Specialized Services to be the primary driver of growth in that segment?
Tim Main: I think Specialized Services given the acquisition of Telmar and the outstanding growth in Materials Technology Group that they will continue to lead the pack in terms of the Diversified Manufacturing Services. But we do see more significant growth from the Healthcare and Instrumentation and the Industrial and Clean Tech Group’s in the second half of the year. And unfortunately, we’ve not been able to return growth in those areas into linear growth ramps. They tend to be relatively stairs-step and come in you know come in some chunks with stair-step and then you know moderate growth sequentially and then that’s why we’re really converting or thinking to looking at things on a year-over-year basis because it does a better job of characterizing the actual growth rate in those areas. The other thing I would say Sherri is just looking at the present quarter and the present environment the semi-cap equipment area of Industrial and Clean Tech and Healthcare and Instrumentation Group you know that is weak and diluting the results in that area. We expect that to kind of either stay where it is or maybe modestly improve in fiscal ’12, but not looking for – yeah that has the impact of diluting the sequential growth near term.
Sherri Scribner: And then just talking about Chinese New Year, you did make a quick comment about it already, but is your expectation that Chinese New Year being earlier this year will be somewhat negative to the revenue growth for the quarter?
Tim Main: You know some folks in Asia seem to think so; I am not sure why that would be the case. But we do have fewer working days, the company is producing a lot of its revenue in Asia, in China, specifically and our Materials Technology Group has a lot of operations in China as well. So as our exposure is kind of inched up in the Asian market over the last few years it actually is becoming a little bit more meaningful, on the margin.
Beth Walters: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We certainly will be available for a follow-up throughout the balance of the week (inaudible) and Happy Holiday to everyone. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-09-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Forbes I. J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Timothy L. Main - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Steven J O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Louis R. Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Julianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Circuit Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Beth Walters, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Ms. Walters, please go ahead.
Beth A. Walters: Thanks, Julianne, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 earnings call. Joining me today are President and CEO, Timothy Main; and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our fourth quarter and fiscal year press release and corresponding webcast with slides are also available on our website. In these slides, you will find the financial information that we covered during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website and beginning with Slide 2 now. Here's our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2012 net revenues and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiencies and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecast and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2010, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's call will begin with our fourth quarter and fiscal year results, some comments and highlights from Forbes Alexander on the results as well as guidance on our first fiscal quarter of 2012. Tim Main will then follow with some macro environment and Jabil-specific comments about our performance, our model and our current outlook. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees.  I will now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth, and hello, everyone. I ask you to refer to Slide 3. Net revenue for the fourth quarter is $4.3 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year. GAAP operating income was $165.6 million or 3.9% of revenue. This compares to $103 million of GAAP operating income and revenues of $3.9 billion or 2.7% for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income excluding the amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation increased 19% to $187.2 million and represents 4.4% of revenue. This compares with $157 million or 4.1% for the same period in the prior year. On a sequential basis, revenue increased 1% from the fourth quarter. Our core operating income increased 5%. Core diluted earnings per share was $0.62, an increase of 19% over the prior year.  And I'll ask you to turn to Slide 4. In fiscal 2011, net revenue was $16.5 billion, an increase of 23%. GAAP operating income was $578.7 million, an increase of 77% and represented 3.5% of revenue. This compares to $327.6 million of GAAP operating income on revenues of $13.4 billion for fiscal 2010 and 2.4% of revenue. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation increased 46% to $715.2 million and represented 4.3% of revenue for the full fiscal year. This compares to $490.9 million or 3.7% for the same period in the prior year. Core diluted earnings per share was $2.34, an increase of 54% over the prior year.  And I'll ask you to turn to Slide 5 for our segment discussion. In the fourth quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 10% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, this segment grew 35%. Revenue was approximately $1.7 billion, representing 40% of total company revenue. Core operating income expanded in the quarter to 6.7% of revenue. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment grew 1% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, this segment grew 10% for the quarter. Revenue was approximately $1.4 billion representing 32% of total company revenue in the fourth quarter. Core operating income for this segment was 2.6% of revenue. The decline in core operating margin this quarter is primarily attributable to license we were taking to restructure our operations in Italy, specifically severance cost, asset write-offs and other related charges of approximately $8 million. The balance of the decline in operating performance was attributed to the sequential increase in losses in Italy and infrastructure readiness for ongoing wireless program ramps in non-Western European geographies. As we move to fiscal '12, the continued ramp-up of the new programs around the world will continue, diluting the negative impact of operating results in Western Europe. We, therefore, expect margins in this segment to slightly improve over the course of the fiscal year and core operating margin targets between 4% and 4.5% remain intact.  As for any future actions, we expect a routine tailoring of our infrastructure will be ongoing and absorbed through operating earnings as we have done in the fourth fiscal quarter. We do not expect any future actions to be material enough to be disruptive to our operations or the expected margins performance for the company overall. Our High Velocity segment decreased 9% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, this segment decreased 11% for the quarter. Revenue was approximately $1.2 billion, representing 28% of the total company revenue in this quarter. Core operating income for this segment was 3.1% of revenue. The sequential increase in core operating margin, a result of a more favorable mix of revenues and the successful implementation of lean initiatives.  Now I'll ask you to turn to Slide 6 for a discussion to our segment performance on a yearly basis. In fiscal year 2011, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 43%. Revenue was approximately $6 billion representing 36% of total company revenue and core operating income was 6.5% of the revenue for the full year. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment grew 18% in fiscal 2011. Revenue was approximately $5.2 billion, representing 32% of total company revenue. And core operating income was 3.9% for the full year. And finally, High Velocity segment grew 11%. Revenue was approximately $5.3 billion, again representing 32% of total company revenue and core operating income was 2.4% for the full year. I now ask you to refer to Slide 7 through 10 for the following discussion. We are very pleased with our fiscal 2011 performance. Our focused strategy of driving growth and returns in a differentiated and sustainable manner has resulted in a sustainable portfolio and income mix change to our business. Over the course of the first fiscal quarter of 2010 through the fourth fiscal quarter of 2011, the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment has grown from 29% to 40% of company revenues, but our High Velocity segment has fallen from 40% to 28% of overall revenues. Our Enterprise & Infrastructure segment remained at 32% of overall revenue. Executing for this strategy has also delivered core operating income expansion from 3.4% to 4.4% over the same time frame. In fiscal '11, the resulting mix in revenue contributed to margin expansion from 3.7% to 4.3%. Our investments in the fiscal year were and shall remain focused toward our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. Approximately 60% of these investments were made in the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment, 11% in Enterprise & Infrastructure and 8% in High Velocity. The balance being IT and infrastructure that support our current and planned future growth.  Let's turn to Slide 11 and 12. Our capital returns in fiscal '11 are exceptional and the year-on-year revenue grew 23%. We exit the year with a GAAP return on invested capital of 26%, EBITDA in excess of $1 billion or 6.1% of revenue. Our earnings growth and focused balance sheet management had allowed us to produce very strong cash flows, producing $304 million of operating cash flow in the fourth quarter, $828 million for the full fiscal year resulting in a free cash flow yield of some 40%, exceeding the target we've established at the beginning of the fiscal year. The strong cash flows had also allowed us to return some $260 million to shareholders in stock repurchases and our ongoing dividend payment. We enter fiscal 2012 in a position that's strong. Our balance sheet is positioned to allow strategic flexibility and support continued growth as we continue to position Diversified Manufacturing Services towards 50% of our overall revenue stream. It's also important to note that fiscal '11 performance continues the production of quality earnings amongst our peer group, with Jabil producing positive GAAP earnings 9 years out of 10 years through the end of fiscal '10. Looking ahead in 2012, we expect continued growth.  First fiscal 2012 guidance can be found on Slides 14 and 15. We expect the revenue in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis to be up approximately 8%, on a range of $4.3 billion to $4.5 billion. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment, we expect it to increase 3% sequentially. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment, we expected to be consistent and our High Velocity segment, we expect it to increase 6% sequentially, representing less seasonality in the past years as a result of continued diversification of our business model. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $185 million to $205 million, and the core operating margin in a range of 4.3% to 4.5%. While core earnings per share will be in the range of $0.62 to $0.70 per diluted share based upon a diluted share count of 213 million shares. Based upon the current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income, we expect it to be 17% for the quarter and the full fiscal year. We anticipate that late in the first quarter we should complete the acquisition of Telmar Network Technology, continuing our strategy of diversifications and growth in our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. Our capital expenditures and acquisition of Telmar are estimated to be $225 million in the quarter. The majority of these capital expenditures are associated with investments in Diversified Manufacturing Services and the associated IT infrastructure.  At this point, I'd like to hand the call over to Tim Main. Tim?
Timothy L. Main: Thank you, Forbes. 2011 was a remarkable year for us and we're very pleased with the growth and the advancement made on key strategic objectives to diversify our business and to premise our value to customers on highly differentiated services and capabilities. The growth is particularly gratifying given the fact that we operated for 3 quarters of the fiscal year with developed world GDP growth at very low levels. Now some would say to me, that Jabil is a cyclical business, and I think the evidence indicates just the opposite. Please turn to Slide 17.  In fact, since 2008 Jabil's compound annual growth rate and EPS places ninth among Fortune 500 companies with over $15 billion in revenue. If you really look at the facts and results, it is a bit stunning, and I have a lot of people asking, "Tim, if it isn't the business cycle, your big customers or the latest products, what is it?" Well, I think it would be an oversimplification to attribute distributed the results solely to mix and our exposure to growth markets. Please turn to Slide 18.  In fact, I think the big contributor to our story is our culture of continuous improvement. With some Blitz Kaizen Events, we had 14,000 events this year. We have 3,000 people enrolled in Lean Six Sigma Education programs. We significantly expanded our human development and leadership training resources. We have developed and deployed proprietary global logistics and planning tools around the world, significantly increased the depth of our critical product engineering capability in key areas, and we continue to invest in our IT infrastructure and are one of the few companies in the world that have ever come across -- it's actually operated a company of this size with a single instance of SAP around the world, and that gives us some very key strategic advantages.  Now let's take a look at our 3 business areas for a little bit more color. Please turn to Slide 19. In High Velocity, it's really about staying ahead of the game and we do this by having a hyperactive focus on cost, rapid development of new technology, approaches and locations really keeps us lean and moving to the right locations in the world. The business area is continuously providing synergy to high-growth areas like healthcare, which we talked about many times in the past, and it is an asset-light business that generates free cash flow to help repurchase shares and fund expansion and other areas of our business. And margin performance in this area has been good all year and well within our targeted range and actually above our targeted range in most recent quarters. Please turn to Slide 20. In the Enterprise & Infrastructure area, we do operate at the higher end of the product and service complexity. Our customers are continuously challenged with an ever-expanding number of new countries, suppliers, order configurations, services they must provide to their customers and delivering it to different customers all over the world. Our job is to really to provide simplification of this web of complexity, and we do this through engineering intimacy. We -- product developed many, many of our products today that we are shipping in a collaborative way; superb manufacturing of very complex products and low-cost locations around the world; proprietary planning tools that help our customers balance demand and supply, which becomes exceedingly difficult in today's environment. We have more locations. We have scale. We have more capability than our competition and we have the ability to deploy plug and play systems around the world and top order fulfillment capabilities in places like Brazil and Russia. Please turn to Slide 21. At Diversified Manufacturing services, we're really there to make a difference, make a difference to patients, to the environment, to help our customers' products more attractive, more functional and then help make user expense better through aftermarket support. We do this in the Material Technology Group, which has been a big part of our growth story this year, and this group continues to provide synergistic value to targeted markets, particularly healthcare. Aftermarket Services is an area of great opportunity for us and we've recently made an acquisition we hope to close later this quarter, and we expect to see more growth from this group in coming years. Healthcare & Instrumentation is particularly an attractive area for us and we've expanded our ability to help our product, our customers design, develop and deploy their products around the world and we're moving from electronics to non-electronic areas as well. In industrial and Clean Tech, we are an early mover and have some significant advantages in this area. And our business is gaining in breadth, capability and reputation and we look forward to a bright future in this business area for many years to come.  Turn to Slide 22, please. So putting it all together, this is what I think our business is about. It isn't about the hot product, the big customer or timing the business cycle. When I look at the landscape, our customers are doing business in a world that is going through very rapid change, the world in which 80% of global GDP growth was generated in developing economies. Where our customers are, what they do and how they do it, there's been a constant state of change and challenge. In managing a business as a customer of Jabil, in a globalizing, urbanizing, resource scarce and socially connected world is a tough task for our customers. What do we do? We just make it easier. Jabil does effort every day to make it easier for our customers to be successful in global markets, making it easier for customers to develop, handmade, deliver and service products around the world.  Now we think the demand for this value proposition has been strong and will continue to be strong across more markets for many years to come. That's really what I think the business is about and will conclude my prepared remarks, I'd like to remind everybody that there is in appendix, and you can refer to the appendix for some more detailed information regarding metrics and other information that we typically provide on conference calls.  And with that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Lou Miscioscia with Collins Stuart.
Louis R. Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division: Tim, maybe you can just give us a few more thoughts on the macro trends out there in a sense, obviously, you've got a broad base of business and your results obviously are very good and realize that you're outperforming almost all of your customers. But maybe just give us a little bit more read on what they're telling you and maybe also in the Diversified Manufacturing area.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, I'd love to give you some color on that, and I think it's really remarkable how little macroeconomic trends have mattered to the company this year. I think U.S. GDP growth in the March quarter was less than 1 point, in the June quarter, about 1 point. In the September quarter, I can't imagine it being much above 1 point. I don't think European GDP growth has amounted to much all year, and in Japan, that's teetering on the edge of recession. So I think that covers around 60% of the world's economy, and we put up 23% revenue growth in that type of environment. So a remarkable thing to me is how little the macroeconomic environment matter to the company's results over the course of the year. And I think as we move into 2012, I think we -- we're being a little bit conservative in the level of growth that we could put up consecutively after having such a robust 2011. But it's still a year in which we think Diversified Manufacturing Services has the ability to grow at the range, maybe at the low end of the range but certainly within the targeted long-term of growth ranges. And in Enterprise & Infrastructure, we'd expect a similar level of performance. In the High Velocity, we'll see what consumer trends are over the course of the year, and we think it's a good set of conditions right now to be conservative. And it's not all bad if revenue growth slows down from 23% to 10-ish percent. That's not a big deal to the company and give us an opportunity to really drive margin expansion and EPS growth in 2012. So we kind of like the environment, Lou.
Louis R. Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division: Maybe if you could just expand on that. If you did see a slower top line growth, where do you think you could drive earnings?
Timothy L. Main: Well, that continuous improvement culture I think is very important to us. 14,000 Blitz Kaizen Events. I think our Kaizen events were up 44% year-over-year. We're continuously looking to improve our productivity. That has excellent impact in the High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure. We do have as Forbes mentioned a number of new programs ramping in Enterprise & Infrastructure that we think we'll grow our top line, and over the course of 2012 and much of that is a function of market share gains, and so we look forward to that. And then, Diversified Manufacturing Services, I mean, we really have a combination of internal manufacturing that's being externalized. Here are some very valuable services that Jabil provides and access to emerging economies, product development, localizing supply chains, and this is an area of activity that we do see very robust demand from healthcare customers, industrial customers. We think our Clean Tech business is in a very strong position and Materials Technology Group continues to do very well. So overall, I think it's an area that's a combination of driving a lean culture and higher levels of productivity along with specific revenue growth in targeted areas should result in a year in which we can put up another good year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Tim, first question for you. Perhaps you can drill a little more, E&I came in slightly below your expectations from the August quarter. HVS is slightly better and then in DMS, it looks like your Healthcare & Instrumentation had a very strong sequential uptick in Industrial and Clean Tech were down quite a bit. So maybe you can just help us understand some of the dynamics during the quarter and perhaps what you are seeing from the November quarter.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, it's Forbes. I'll take some of this one. In terms of Enterprise & Infrastructure, it was up 1% sequentially, I think, we brought up 3%. So nothing material really going on there when we look at the number of programs that we have, the number of ramps going on. So we really dialed something into, the $10 million to $15 million is pretty tough. So overall, very pleased with the overall performance of our Enterprise & Infrastructure from a growth perspective and as we move into fiscal '12, so nothing really major of note. I think in terms of High Velocity that did perform much better than we have anticipated, the midpoint of our guidance. I think we've guided that down 13% sequentially and actually came in 9% of 10% down sequentially. So I think a little bit better, our demand profile over a number of areas in there as you'll be aware that includes handset activity, our printing products and set-top boxes. But we are standout there but just a little bit better sell-through than we've initially anticipated coming into the quarter. And what was the next part of your question.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I thought your Healthcare & Instrumentation segment was up very strong in the quarter, and I was just trying to figure out, is that strength sustainable? Was it the benefit of maybe or 1 or 2 large programs kicking in? How sustainable is that?
Timothy L. Main: Diversified Manufacturing Services was up 10% sequentially, and we didn't provide a lot of color to each individual area within Diversified.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, I'll take it as a follow-up. And then, just a clarification, Forbes, for you. What was the charge you took in the quarter in the E&I segment?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It's about $8 million.
Operator: Your next question it is from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Tim, in the Aftermarket Services business, can you talk about or just maybe update the strategy there on the heels of the Telmar acquisition, what that really does to you in terms of new markets and then also future opportunities as you go forward to build out your Aftermarket Services business.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, great question. We are very excited about the Aftermarket Services area. It's a great platform for our company and global logistics and providing services through a broader range of customers. It's historically been primarily consumer electronics type of activities and some IT activities. The IT area has been growing rapidly. Telmar acquisition is interesting as it gives us some very high-end engineering and troubleshooting capability along with some capabilities that Aftermarket Services doesn't possess today in terms of service and carriers, and providing higher level of functionality to that service set. So it's a big fragmented, fully-run market, and we're the biggest grower in the market today. We believe we were the best run Aftermarket Services business out there and we intend to cross that advantage into different verticals as well as globally, geographically and with a broader set of our existing customers. So it's an area that we're actually very, very excited about.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I can follow up and follow the last question on the medical side. It did look like as a percentage of revenue, in the quarter, it jumped up from 7% to 9%. I know in the past, the company's talked about increased focused in that market and some new hires. So also just looking for an update there in terms of the pipeline of activity that you've seen in the Healthcare & Instrumentation, that will be helpful.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, the Healthcare & Instrumentation is doing very well, and we think over the course of 2012, we'll continue to gain momentum. One of the nice things to about that business area is a very long product life. I think investors typically associate short product lives and very rapid program transitions to our industry and in that particular business area especially product lives they're 7 to 10 years. It often takes 2 to 3 years to bring them to market, very long product development cycles. So we have a very nice pipeline of products that are in production and products that are near production and products that are in development today, and so we have good line of sight to continued growth in that area and we're very bullish on it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Tim, you alluded to maybe being at the low end of the 20%-plus growth target in DMS for FY '12, which is understandable given the year that you just had. But how uniform do you think that growth would be within DMS and the subsectors? Do you think one will be a bigger driver then the others?
Timothy L. Main: Not especially. I mean, we had a Telmar acquisition that we're adding that will help Aftermarket Services in the specialized services area. Materials Technology Group continues to grow. I just addressed Healthcare & Instrumentation, it's a very robust pipeline of opportunities and more and more industrial customers and our Clean Tech business continues to be robust. So I think it'll be another year of outstanding growth across the board.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up, if I look at the margins, that operating margin implied in your guidance for the November quarter, roughly flat year-over-year. Tim or Forbes, should we think about margins expanding in DMS and High Velocity with margins declining in the Enterprise segment like we just saw this quarter for the reasons that you talked about?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: If I go into the first fiscal quarter, I think you should see some margin expansion in the Enterprise & Infrastructure segment. There are several opportunities for some margin expansion within Diversified Manufacturing Services as we bring additional programs to bear that. In terms of High Velocity, its exceptional performance in our fourth fiscal quarter is a result of the mix of business spot on there. But as we look into the first fiscal quarter, we're guiding up 6%. I would expect our margins to come in a little bit and certainly, be above the high end of our long-term targeted range but certainly 2 to 3 points.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company.
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So, Tim, if you can comment a little bit around or just follow-up-on some of the comments that you had earlier, you've obviously observed that there's been a little bit of caution to a degree that we've seen with OEMs and where we think about the macro environment, you're obviously benefiting and reaping the benefits of prior business development now. Can you talk about your strategy today as you approach your business? What are you communicating to customers in terms of the value that you'd incrementally bring to the table in this kind of period of anxiety perhaps? Do you see any changes in the reception you're getting now or the ability to get across the goal line and sign that new business?
Timothy L. Main: Yes, well, customer anxiety counseling service is not something we have in our portfolio. And I think our value proposition is compelling. We talked a little bit about our value proposition for the 3 major business areas and we're getting a very warm reception because we have developed world GDP growth as well as it is. It's even more imperative that European, Japanese and North American customers accelerate their growth and penetration in emerging markets, and that makes global supply chain networks more complicated for them, and product development more complicated for them. And our job is to help them simplify those issues and we do a very good job of that and we're gaining a reputation for that in these key market areas. So we're getting a very warm reception, and I think we're in a period of great opportunity for companies that have very high levels of expertise and can help OEMs across a diverse set of markets, manage the complexity of dealing with the world that's in constant change. And that's something that we will continue to develop and add people and capability to our portfolio and take advantage of the scale that we've gained and the capabilities that we have today.
Sean K.F. Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then a quick question around your R&D investments and strategy. The overall spend has been down this year versus, say, in the last few. I realize a lot of these is you getting much more efficient with how you're focusing your efforts. But can you help us to understand how to think about your R&D approach as we look forward? And really, how does this reconcile to your approach and when considering that there is an increased focused on higher-design markets such as DMS?
Timothy L. Main: Yes, I think, what's missing is when we actually do spend in product development and we spend depending -- I don't have the latest numbers in front of me, but anywhere from $85 million to $100 million in product development. Most of that is paid for by the customer, and that's the part missing. So it's in revenue, it's in cost of goods sold and it's SG&A, and that has been steadily expanding over the last few years and our level of confidence has dramatically increased in the last few years. We've had a lot of infrastructure in places like enterprise storage, in places like health care, in places like design for manufacturability and value engineering, which is used by virtually all customers in some level. So design is touching almost every single relationship we have in important ways and particularly important in healthcare and in the enterprise storage markets. So I think the part that is missing for investors, frankly, is that our spend in this area is $85 million to $100 million and we have a very, very rapidly increasing engineering headcount and a rapidly improving capability. The customers are paying us for it and that's a really good thing. And what you guys see in terms of R&D is the -- what is specifically categorized as R&D under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles rules and that stuff is we fund on our own, for which we expect no return capitalization from customers. We'll continue to do that at some level because we think that's important for us to stay in front of the product development cycle and keep our expertise advanced. But, man, behind the door, there's a whole lot of activity going on that you can't see.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just have a question around your November quarter guidance, specifically in the High Velocity side. Your largest customer I think has talked about units being up 20%, 25%-plus in their November quarter. It doesn't look like you're factoring that kind of growth for them when you guide High Velocity to be up 6%. Is that accurate or are there sort of offsets to that kind of growth in that segment?
Timothy L. Main: I kind of look at it and gosh, the August quarter was a quarter that we put a great sequential growth, in a period when High Velocity was down 9%, I think sequentially. Again, I think, it's one of those cases where data or variability associated with handset deliveries in the August quarter and the November quarter, respectively, not that big a deal, not that big a deal and gosh, it gets better than that, super. We'll make a little bit more money and where we have it today then that's okay too. And I think we're being -- in this environment, it pays to be a little bit conservative in guidance and I think we are. But we're not making any specific comments around customer deliveries, new products or expectations on volume. I think it's a case where to continue to support the products that that's important to the overall results of the company is misleading.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. I used to -- when you look at this 10% to 15% growth potential that you've talked about in the past. I was wondering if you can maybe slice it in a way and help us understand how much of that is really dependent on end market growth that we all seem to be nervous about. Was it competitive wins or organic growth opportunities that you guys may have?
Timothy L. Main: That's a great question, and I'd love to be able come up with a metric that was GDP growth plus because that's really what our growth story has been about. In last quarter's conference call, we indicated that we're 1 of 15 companies that have grown revenue EBITDA 25% on a compound annual growth rate since going public in 1993. So from 1994 through 2010, we're very, very elite group of companies that have been able to sustain that kind of growth. And you can talk all you want about 90-day time windows and what's happening on the margins, you can't grow a 25% for 18 years or 16 years, whatever that is, if you're reliant on macroeconomic growth. You have to be developing new markets and opportunities and through all the freak outs in communications and Asian crises and debt crises and everything else, our business has gone out and made a pretty darn good business in helping customers across the world to manage complexity and showing customers that it's really advisable for them to let us manage making this stuff for them. And when we look at the world and even going forward, that's really what our growth is premised on. So when we really analyze this carefully a few years ago, I think we came up with a metric that's 80% of our growth, was really is a kind of new customers market share gains, lead time organic growth with existing customers, expanding services, and the balance of it was really attributable to what's happening in the secular growth trends of electronics and customers and macroeconomic activity and that kind of thing. So I'm not here to say that we're immune to rapid abrupt contractions in economic activity. That hurts everybody in the world. But in a relatively benign soft-cash type of market, this is a business that can grow on well above the S&P 500 and has for the last 18 years.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. That was helpful. Just a quick one. Do you guys have any customers over 10% of revenues in Q4 and how many were there?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, there were 2.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tim, the aggregate company growth rate of, let's say, you ended up at 10% for fiscal '12, would you still expect you could drive the $700 million and cash flow from operations? And are you reevaluating your CapEx assumptions of $450 million given the more uncertain demand environment today?
Timothy L. Main: Just on CapEx, I look forward to answer the question around cash flow in 2012 and what our thoughts are there. From a CapEx standpoint, we'll evaluate that real-time as business conditions change. I think the prospect that we would expect CapEx to be in the same range indicates that we expect the same type of activity out there and that we're not forecasting a significant contraction of activities. So, Forbes?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, I wanted to indicate on the back of Tim's comments there. I very much believe the cash flow from operations was the 700 to 800 number is certainly within our sights. We did a magnificent job over the last 4 quarters in managing our working capital sequentially for the first time in many quarters we saw sequential reduction in inventory. So we're getting our arms around that and making some great progress there. So I certainly, if you could look at our overall cash flow yields this year by 40%. 12 months ago, I provided target of somewhere between 30% to 35% of our EBITDA. I think that's a very valid target for this business model and certainly is in our sights for fiscal '12 also.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. You have a very good cash flow quarter here. As a follow-up, could you address where you are with finding businesses to place in your sites in Western Europe and where you are in improving the utilization rates there? It sounded like Italy was a larger drag than expected in the fourth quarter. So how many more quarters do you think this would be a headwind?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, so it was, operationally, this quarter, it was a little bit worse than last quarter. We have talked about creating some actions to streamline or restructure those operations. As we move to the fiscal '12, we'll see reduction in cost base, which will clearly benefit us. In terms of additional revenue loss, we'll continue to work that, and I think we're probably within a quarter or 2 away of adding some additional revenues both in France and Southern Italian operations. So I think you'll see reducing impact as we move into Q2, Q3 and Q4. As we move -- the guidance does contemplate the same types of economic losses in this next coming quarter with the exception of the restructuring charge. So I would say we'll be progressing nicely as we move through Q4 -- fiscal '12.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my last one, if I could sneak one in, as well, how much revenue, if any, are you incorporating within your guidance from the Telmar acquisition?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: It's really small. So we hope to get this closed early November. So it will be probably at most $10 million to $15 million.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve O'Brien with JPMorgan.
Steven J O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just one point of clarification, I guess, more than anything on the E&I margins. Forbes, I thought you said something about getting those back to 4% to 4.5%. Is that exiting the fiscal year? Or is that on average for the fiscal, on average? Does that mean you'll be sort of above your long-term range from the latter quarters to make up for the -- where the business is at now?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, that was in -- yes, right. The 4% to 4.5% is our long-term target and certainly with the actions that we're taking here and the continuing ramp, that will not be an average for the year. That would be more of a -- I would suggest a Q3, Q4 type number in terms of operation of these particular quarters. So certainly to average 4% to 4.5% is certainly a stretch for the fiscal year. But I would suggest, look as far as the target range Q2 and Q4 fiscal '12.
Steven J O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And on the HVS margin, I thought it sounded like next quarter could also be above the target range but maybe not to the extent the 34.1% [ph] was this quarter. I mean, is there another quarter of favorable mix here? Or is there just, not to make too much of the 2 quarters, but is the business potentially operating here at a higher profitability level than the target range?
Timothy L. Main: We will see how many quarters that we can string together at that level. I think, moving into the November quarter more handset volumes would serve to not be favorable from a mix standpoint that would serve to dilute margins a little bit. So that'll be offset by better utilization to the areas of the business that produce those products and our continued effort on lean initiatives and productivity are really resulting in good cost reductions, so there are offsetting factors that this mix would move against us a little bit in the November quarter but we'll continue to work on processing, and it should be a quarter in which we can operate above the high end of the targeted range.
Steven J O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And maybe one last one if I could. On the industrial and wireless infrastructure outlook, I mean we hear other folks supplying the OEMs and those industries and talking about order cuts and what have you. I guess -- and carrier CapEx and some areas being potentially uncertain going into next year. I mean, what gives you the confidence, it sounds like Jabil has regarding these future programs coming on as expected?
Timothy L. Main: Well, you mentioned 2 different business areas, industrial and then wireless communications. Those are 2 different areas for us. But because the business activity is a little bit different in each of those areas. I think it's a little bit remarkable that people are looking at this like slow macroeconomic growth at recent events. I mean, it's been going on like this going on a year. I mean, March was horrible, June quarter is horrible. September is going to be horrible. There's no macroeconomic tailwind to the business, and so to think that recently people woke up and saw that the U.S. government couldn't come up with the debt refinancing plan and then everybody freaked out and cut out the orders is a little bit laughable. I mean, is it getting a lot worse? I mean, we don't see any precipitous decline in our business, and you see we're absolutely right. I mean, here and there, you see people trimming here and there. And there's more conservatism overall moving into the picture. But man, oh man, this is not recent. This is like a yearlong of no growth from a macro standpoint. And again, I think to really appreciate the value that Jabil brings and what our growth story is about, we really have to think about other things besides the business cycle, big customers and hot products. We really need to think about the value of simplifying complex global supply chain networks and why that's valuable to so many OEMs in so many different markets around the world, and that's what we're trading on.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Just wanted to follow up on a prior question. Forbes, you made the comment of some better inventory management. But how do you expect to see inventory dollars trend and even maybe turns but more dollars during the first 2 quarters or the first half of this fiscal year? You're going to see dollars hold steady? Or are you going to see maybe some incremental reduction in inventories?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Yes, we're making progress guiding off price as we're moving into the first half of next year. So I think there's some opportunity to continue this reduction. We're a little bit tricky in terms of guiding to that in the November quarter is how much of that sell-through, in summary, the business approach is repositioned exceeding inventory saw a continued sell-through in the December period. So we see how that works. But certainly, while we're very pleased over the last fiscal quarter we've seen dollar reduction, and I certainly believe there's opportunity we can continue that trend as we move to the first 2 fiscal quarters here.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: Was the reduction this quarter more finished good or where was it in inventory?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: I mean, we can still look at as that. We actually exited the quarter, our work in processed and finished goods were a couple of points higher than you typically see, but nothing dramatic. So overall, in terms of raw material and the way we plan our capacity.
Timothy L. Main: People tend to look at that as a proxy for what's going on in end markets as the latest indicator and I caution anybody to think about Jabil's inventory level that way. The way I look at it is, look, this a business that's going from having 40% of its business in High Velocity, which this is a very high inventory turnover business. This business has got 40% of the business in Diversified Manufacturing Services, which is extremely complex area. 70% of Jabil's production is built in lot quantities of less than 100. This is not a high volume company. This is a high mix, high complexity company and we've managed to maintain inventory turns at 7 turns, and actually had absolute dollar reduction in our inventory levels in the August quarter. So we're not looking at inventories as a proxy for what's going on and actually our raw material, work in process, finished goods levels has been pretty consistent in all years. As Forbes said, we will continue to work like the devil to make our balance sheet more efficient and drive cash flow by being more efficient the way we manage inventory but you compare Jabil to a high mix business to some of our competitors that are more peer plays in that area, and our inventory turnover is pretty good, at 7 turns.
Shawn M. Harrison - Longbow Research LLC: That's a very fair response. And just a brief follow-up. Share count for the first quarter?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: 213 million.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Tim, I was wondering if you'd be willing to give us some thoughts about revenue growth for fiscal '12. Obviously, your long-term target range is 10% to 15%. This fiscal 1Q number looks like at the midpoint, it's up about 8%. Are you guys comfortable with the 10% to 15% revenue growth for fiscal '12?
Timothy L. Main: Yes, we haven't provided the annual guidance, Sherri. I think most people will be fairly cautious in the way they look at 2012. I would look at it this way. If we had an 8% revenue growth here, I think that would be spectacular and it would be well above the S&P growth rate, and I think it would give us an opportunity to drive very significant profitability expansion and cash flow and do great things for shareholders. So I think at the outset of this year, a note of caution is healthy for everybody, but even with that note of caution, I think the expected performance of the company is outstanding relative to the rest of the company that people can go and invest with.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last year, you gave some guidelines around the Green Point business being essentially doubling this year. Would you be willing to give us any detail in your expectations for that segment of the business for fiscal '12?
Timothy L. Main: Yes, we expect it to continue to grow. I hope it doesn't double again, that's really painful for everybody. But it's one true growth and I think we'll have another good year and I'd rather not be more specific than that at this point. I think Diversified Manufacturing Services overall will continue to lead the pack in terms of growth for Jabil.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just quickly, did you disclose what percentage of revenue your top 10 customers were?
Timothy L. Main: We did not, but I can tell you it's by 60%.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: 60%?
Timothy L. Main: 6-0, yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When we look at your segment guidance, Tim, I think you had mentioned that Diversified should likely be up about 3% quarter-over-quarter. Can you help us understand, if I think your long-term growth rate year-over-year goals were up 20% to 30%, so are you on track where you think you'll hit your long-term sales growth goals in each of the segments? Or is there something going on there? I think I heard you mention you expect Diversified Services to lead and up 3% quarter-over-quarter just doesn't look like it's on track or maybe there's a lot of seasonality that we just need to get educated on with your new segmentations.
Timothy L. Main: Yes, if we grew at 3% every quarter for fiscal '12, when you end up fiscal '12 revenue and look at it year-over-year over fiscal '11, it would actually be about 25%. I think it would be -- I'm sorry?
Forbes I. J. Alexander: On a year-over-year basis.
Timothy L. Main: On a year-over-year basis. So yes, I think we're still looking for a good year there. And again, all of the things being equal, we've been relatively cautious in the way we look at the world today. But a 25% year-over-year growth rate at DMS is supported by 3%. And as we look to 2013, we said if we continue to grow at that rate and we'll slow down, but we're opening up new opportunities in Clean Tech and healthcare and specialized services all the time. So I think we'll have ample opportunity in conference calls over the course of 2012 to talk about exciting new things we're doing there.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And the other 2 segments, I think your goal, if I remember correctly, for Enterprise & Infrastructure was up 5% to 10% long term and High Velocity up 5% to 10%, if I'm right on those, are you also wanted to kind of meet those goals in this environment?
Timothy L. Main: Those are long-term objectives, and I'd say this High Velocity area is an area where the growth is not the priority. The quality, the cash flow and velocity, that's really the priority there. So if we look at 2012 and said, "Gosh I don't think High Velocity could grow at all." I don't think that would be something that would be that important to us. I think, in Enterprise & Infrastructure, it is a year that we would expect to be in a targeted range of growth of 5% to 10%.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And a question for Forbes. Forbes, you still have what I believe to be more than enough cash to run the business and you had a very successful stock buyback. Your priorities use of cash now that you did return a lot of the stock or cash to shareholders on your stock buyback. Is stock buyback something that you're considering looking at and going to the board again for more approval or more M&A.? It just seems like you have more than enough cash to run the business, which is a great problem to have.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Well, it's a nice problem to have, Jim. Almost -- right through the year, almost around $900 million of cash again, so that's great news. Stock repurchases is one of the many alternatives that we have as you see we're in a great position. First and foremost, it's about reinvesting cash to continue to grow the business. Our strategy that we laid out a year ago was to drive our Diversified Manufacturing Services segmentation to the 50% of the overall revenue stream. We've made great strides this year adding the 5 percentage points and I think we are going to be adding another 5% next year. So that's the first area of thought process. We are committed to our dividend and we continue to review the levels of these dividends with our board on a quarterly basis and we'll be doing that again at our next board meeting. So no specific direction that I can provide you today, but certainly I consider all these various alternatives, that investing in the business, acquisitions, our dividend policy and a stock repurchase program in holistic basis continues to give us flexibility with our capital structure.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time for question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the floor back over to Ms. Walters for any final comments.
Beth A. Walters: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you, all, for joining us on the call today. And since our investors have asked us to keep our calls for an hour, so we're going to respect that. And please note that as we are here for the remainder of the weekend and happy to take any follow-up questions or calls that anyone might have. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-06-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Main - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Beth Walters - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Joseph Wittine Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG Sean Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC Steven O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Lacey, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Beth Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter of fiscal 2011 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO, Tim Main; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our third quarter press release and corresponding webcast with slides are also available on our website. In those slides, you will find the financial information that we covered during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website, beginning with Slide 2 now.  During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2011 revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for the company and improvements in our operational efficiency and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2010, on filing subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Today's call will begin with our third quarter results, some comments and highlights from Forbes Alexander on the results, as well as guidance on our fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. Tim Main will then follow with some macroenvironments and Jabil-specific comments about our performance, our model and our current outlook. We will then open it up to questions from all call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth, and good afternoon, everyone. I would ask you to refer to Slides 3 and 4. Net revenue for the third quarter was $4.2 billion, an increase of 22.3% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $152.5 million. This compares to $96.5 million of GAAP operating income from revenues of $3.5 billion for the same period in the prior year.  Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation, increased 34.8% to $177.8 million and represents 4.2% revenue. This compares to $131.9 million or 3.8% for the same period in the prior year. On a sequential basis, revenue increased 7.6% in the third quarter, while core operating income increased 5.6%. Core diluted earnings per share were $0.58, an increase of 45% over the prior year.  Please refer to Slides 5 and 6 where revenue mix and core operating income by each of our segments for the third fiscal quarter. I would also like to remind you that the third fiscal quarter results include a full quarter of results from operations related to the sites we acquired in France and Italy late last quarter. On a comparable sequential basis, these sites impacted the overall gross margin negatively by approximately 15 basis points and core operating income negatively by 20 basis points in the quarter.  Let's turn into our segments. Our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew 9.4% sequentially. On a yearly basis, this segment grew 44%. Revenue was approximately $1.5 billion, representing 36% total company revenue in the third quarter. Core operating income expanded sequentially by 10 basis points to 6.2% in the quarter. The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment grew 11.8% sequentially. On a yearly basis, this segment grew by 15.5%. Revenue was approximately $1.4 billion and represented 33% of total company revenues in the third quarter. Core operating income was 3.9% of revenue. This segment includes the results of operations of the sites we acquired in France and Italy, which had a negative impact of 50 basis points on core operating income for this segment. Without these operating returns, the segment remains at the high end of our overall operating margin targets. The High Velocity segment increased 1.7% sequentially. On a yearly basis, this segment grew by 10%. Revenue was approximately $1.3 billion, representing 31% of total company revenue in the third quarter. The core operating income was 2.2% of revenue, an expansion of 20 basis points. Our top 10 customers in the quarter accounted for approximately 63% of our revenue.  And now I'll ask you to refer to slides 7, 8 and 9, which accompany my commentary on elements of our third quarter operating and balance sheet performance. Selling, general and administration expenses were $134.1 million. It represent 3.2% of revenue. Part of the $12 million sequential increase is associated with the operations we acquired in France and Italy. The balance of costs represent costs started faster than we anticipated to support margin growth across our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. Research and development costs were $6.5 million in the quarter. Intangibles amortization was $5.2 million, and stock-based compensation was $20.1 million in the quarter. Our net interest expense for the quarter was $26 million, and the tax rate on net core operating income was 15.2%.  Our sales cycle in the quarter was consistent with the previous quarter of 11 days, and improved by 5 days from the same period a year ago. Days in inventory decreased by 2 days, while turns remained consistent at 7. Core return on invested capital for the quarter was 28.5%, cash flow from operations was $158.8 million, and cash and cash equivalents were $911.1 million. There are no outstanding balances on our revolver at the end of the third quarter.  Depreciation in the quarter was approximately $77.3 million and core EBITDA was $255.1 million or 6% of revenue. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $113.6 million, as we continue to invest in infrastructure to support the targeted markets and capabilities. Approximately $71 million was associated with our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment, $21 million with Enterprise & Infrastructure, $8 million in High Velocity and $13 million in installation technology and infrastructure. We remain very well-positioned to continue to produce free cash flow within our fourth fiscal quarter and through fiscal '12. And with this in mind, we are pleased to advise that our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million worth of common stock during the next 12 months in open market transactions.  I'd now like you to refer to Slides 10 and 11. In summary, we are pleased with the results of the third quarter and are extremely well-positioned to meet our overall fiscal '11 goals. In the third quarter, our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment represented 36% of company revenue versus 31% for the same period a year ago. Our overall company core operating income margins have expanded from 3.7% to 4.2% over the same period. Capital investments year-to-date and for the fourth quarter have and shall be focused in the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment. 60% for the full year's capital expenditure investments have been committed to expanding the Diversified Manufacturing Services segment, supporting our stated goals to fundamentally shift the revenue and income profile of the company to provide overall sustainable operating performance and free cash flow generation.  I'd now like to provide you with our fourth quarter fiscal 2011 guidance and ask that you refer to Slides 13 and 14. We expect revenue in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis to increase by approximately 9% from the range of $4.1 billion to $4.3 billion. The Diversified Manufacturing Services segment is expected to increase by 7% sequentially, with growth across all areas of business in this segment.  The Enterprise & Infrastructure group are expected to increase by 3% sequentially despite the ongoing wireless networking product ramps, and our High Velocity segment is expected to decrease 13% sequentially, solely as a result of the late new product introductions and eroding demand from a major Mobility customer. Our core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $185 million, core operating margin in the range of 4% to 4.3%, and core earnings per share in the range of $0.52 to $0.60 per diluted share. Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to remain at 3.2% revenue in the fourth quarter. We didn't expect selling, general and administrative expenses to move back to 3% of revenue in fiscal 2012. Research and development costs are estimated to be $7 million in the fourth quarter, and tangibles amortizations approximately $5 million; stock-based compensation $20 million; finally interest expense, $26 million in the quarter. Based on the current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income in the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately 17%. Our capital expenditures in the fourth quarter are estimated to be approximately $100 million. As I previously noted, a majority of these expenditures are associated with investments in Diversified Manufacturing Services. At this point, I'll hand the call over to Tim Main.
Timothy Main: Thank you, Forbes. I'm referring now to Slide 15. The company is exceeding its long-term growth targets since fiscal 2011. We'll post revenue based on the midpoint of our guidance for Q4, revenue of approximately $16.4 billion, roughly a $3 billion growth rate over the previous year. About $500 million of that growth has come in High Velocity, representing about a 10% growth rate year-over-year. $800 million will come from the Enterprise Infrastructure area, representing about an 18% growth rate year-over-year. And looking at the Diversified Manufacturing Services area, healthcare and its mutation should grow year-over-year about 31%, Industrial & Clean Tech about 18%, and Specialized Services, 64%, resulting in overall growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services year-over-year of $1.7 billion or 40%. We're very pleased with this performance.  Please move to Slide 16. With this growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services, in particular, the company believes it is differentiated and resulting in a much more sustainable portfolio of businesses. This chart indicates the progression of the percentage of business of the 3 business areas: High Velocity, Enterprise & Infrastructure and Diversified Manufacturing Services over the course of Q1 2010 over the 8-quarter period to the midpoint of guidance for Q4 2011.  Our largest segment now and for the past couple of quarters is Diversified Manufacturing Services, which is well on its way to being 45% to 50% of our overall business, and we have a high levels of confidence that this will result in more resilient and sustainable business for our company in future years.  Please turn to Slide 17. Let's talk about Diversified Manufacturing Services a little bit further. We believe we're now the premier player in the Diversified Manufacturing Services. Right now, it's that our competitors don't group their businesses this way. We think this is a very rich diversified area for Jabil's differentiation and business model capabilities, and its 33% comp annual growth rates since fiscal 2009, growing to an almost $6 billion business for us in fiscal 2011.  On a standalone basis, I think it's interesting to note that on a standalone basis, this would be the fastest-growing business and a top 5 player in terms of the North American EMS industry. So we're very happy with the performance of Diversified Manufacturing Services. There's a lot of questions about how sustainable this is and how differentiated, how can we sustain this type of growth and expectation going forward.  Please turn to Slide 18. Let's talk a little bit about differentiation in Diversified Manufacturing Services. In the Materials Technology Group, I think we're uniquely differentiated in materials technology, not only is that helping that part of our business grow at very rapid rates, it's providing excellent synergistic value to targeted markets, such as healthcare and other areas. We believe we're the strongest player in the Aftermarket Services with excellent depth and our capabilities, and we're taking these capabilities and diversifying into new geographies and markets.  In Healthcare & Instrumentation, we're well beyond the electronics core in healthcare. We're focused on product development and full systems, and we're really focusing on the high-growth areas of healthcare. It's well beyond the electronics envelope in this business area, and this happens to be a segment where a high mix, high complexity manufacturing is extremely important. And based in our business size and our success here, we believe that our company is the premier high-mix, high-complexity manufacturer. Over 70% of our production is produced in large quantities of less than 100, and that's for the overall business. And it's certainly much higher mix and higher complexity in the Healthcare & Instrumentation segment on its own.  In Industrial & Clean Tech, we're early mover in the Clean Tech business and have broad participation in the entire investor and Clean Tech ecosystem, and our intent is to continue to build on that strength.  Slide 19. Our number one priority as a company is to deliver excellence in customer service. We think we're making progress in that area in our operational performance. Our scale is advancing in targeted markets. We believing we have differentiated services and capabilities, focused on Lean and productivity. It allows us to continuously reduce costs to a point where our operating margins and EBITDA margins lead the industry.  You can see from the chart on the right that from fiscal '09, our core operating margins at 2% this year. We'll run the full year, it will be our -- in the fourth quarter, it will be our fifth consecutive quarter of core operating margins above 4%. And at least, our fourth consecutive quarter of EBITDA margin is above 6%. In essence, with Jabil, you're getting Tier 1 scale, with EBITDA margins at 200 basis points above the Tier 1 bracket, and operating margins that are significantly higher, 50 to 100 basis points higher than our Tier 1 brother. So Tier 1 scale at niche-player margins.  Turning to Slide 20, the company is increasing cash generation. This is very important. We believe we're in business to produce cash flow for our shareholders, and we're moving through an inflection point wherein free cash is expected to continue increasing. This free cash flow funds CapEx, acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases, such as we've just -- as Forbes has just talked about. I think it's interesting to compare the 9 months ending 5/31/2011 with the 9 months ended 5/31/2010. Cash flow from operations has increased $380 million from $142 million to $524 million. Our free cash flow has gone from a negative $96 million to a positive $226 million. We're well on the way to producing $1 billion of EBITDA in fiscal 2011 and this is starting to accumulate cash, which allows us to do things like do share repurchases and continue to invest in high-growth areas of our company.  Slide 21. The results of an improving portfolio mix, a sustainable business model based on differentiation, free cash flow is beginning to produce shareholder return metrics that I think are enviable. Our GAAP return on equity and GAAP return on invested capital are both in the mid-20s, very consistent with S&P 500 metrics. We do expect free cash flow this year of approximately $330 million based on the midpoint of our Q4 guidance. We will continue to pay approximately $60 million in dividends. I mean, we are in a position where we can fund up to a $200 million share repurchase at our discretion over the next year.  Slide 22. When we look at the population of companies that can put up this type of growth in cash flow and earnings over a long period of time, I think it's interesting to compare us to Fortune 500 companies. Our company's IPO was in 1993, and since our first full year as a public company through 2010, we are one of just 5 Fortune 500 companies that have posted a 16-year comp annual growth rate of 25% or better in both revenue, EBITDA and pays regular dividends. We're happy to be in this elite and record-setting group of companies, and it's our intent to continue to run the business to be able to produce those types of results over the next few years. Thank you.
Beth Walters: Operator, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A question on the High Velocity segment, you did guide that down. Do you expect a negative leverage in kind of what operating margin you're expecting in that group? And I asked that because your margin guidance for it was basically flat, sequentially, if you look at the midpoint, yet mix shift worked in your favor with diversified manufacturing in the E&I Group growing at a faster rate. So I'm trying to figure out what kind of negative impact are you expecting from the High Velocity? And as a follow-on to that, as you look to the November quarter, are you expecting to see that ramp up sequentially again and will that help margins there?
Forbes Alexander: Yes...
Timothy Main: [indiscernible] the first part of that question.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I'll take the first part of the question, in terms of the overall margins for the High Velocity. Actually, we got it done 13% sequentially. So yes, we will see some impact to the margin for that segment, and our targeted range is 2% to 2.5% this quarter, somewhere in the midpoint of that target. So yes, it's going to be towards the lower end, perhaps a little bit below the lower end there, because I should point out, we are seeing some great strengths in our Diversified Manufacturing Services arena of 7% sequential growth, and some nice growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure. So you'll see expansion in terms of contribution of margin of those for Diversified Manufacturing Services, Enterprise & Infrastructure and some declines in High Velocity. But certainly, I'd expect those margins to come back as we move into Q1.
Timothy Main: When we look at fiscal Q1, we will be through some very significant roles. We'll be in a more mature state of some very significant programs that are ramping in both Enterprise & Infrastructure and in Healthcare. And we do expect to see significant growth in that Q1 in Diversified Manufacturing Services, probably steady growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure. And we don't see any reason why High Velocity would not exhibit its normal seasonal pattern of high growth in fiscal Q1, excluding the impact of a major mobility customer in the High Velocity area. So we put that together, and we were actually very excited about the prospects for fiscal Q1 and would expect to see margin performance consistent with that. I'm actually pretty pleased that we can get a very, very short-term air pocket and continue to put up 4.2% operating margins. And we've had Japan, we've had the acquisition of the sites in France and Italy, we've had some near-term disruptions from the High Velocity segment, and then the company is still turning pretty good numbers. So I'm actually pretty pleased with it.
Matthew Sheerin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And then just my quick follow, did you have any 10% customers in the quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, there were 2 10% customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, Forbes, if I can just start with buyback authorization, that appears to be a change in tone. Historically, the focus has been predominantly on the dividends, as well as may be some M&A. So if you can just talk about the buyback, what that means? And then also as it relates to free cash flow generation you expect going forward?
Forbes Alexander: Sure, in terms of the first part of your question, I want to be clear that in terms of the share repurchase, this is not a signal that we're not actively looking or interested in terms of acquisition, where it makes sense, particularly in the Diversified Manufacturing Services area. And so, that's all intact and part of our overall operating model. We saw a second sequential of some significant cash flow from operations this quarter, free cash flows are being generated year-to-date after capital expenditures and the dividends payment of $45 million, somewhere in the region of $200 million of free cash flow had generated through the 9 months today. As we move into the fourth fiscal quarter, given our sequentially consistent revenue stream at the midpoint of our guidance, we will continue to see some significant free cash flow generation in the fourth fiscal quarter. So as the management team and as our Board, we saw it's appropriate to look at it in a more holistic way capital structure here, and I saw an opportunity to put forward a modest share repurchase and help minimize some of the dilution in terms of the share count as we move forward here. But as we look into fiscal '12, we continue to see significant cash flow generation and allow us to fund internally our growth, be that organically or with some modest investments and acquisitions.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And if I could follow up, Tim, any update in terms of how the Green Point business is tracking to expectations? And then also, any color on just the customer diversification within that business?
Timothy Main: It is tracking to expectations, both from a revenue and earnings standpoint and I'm pretty pleased with the level of synergistic value that the Materials Technology Group brings to our other business areas, notably areas like Healthcare and Clean Tech. And we'll continue to press that advantage. And short-term, Craig, I mean, it's tough to claim significant customer diversification in these arbitrary 90-day windows. But I think the path that they're on, they're doing business with some of the best smartphone companies in the world. They are engaged in tablets and the entire ecosystem around Mobility and the Mobility Internet and doing business with the leaders, and that's an indication of the technology they have and the differentiation they can bring those customers. So we'll continue -- we will continue to see customer diversification and the new market during today, and we'll continue to see synergistic value we add to the other target segments, particularly as we get into fiscal 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: You're continuing to post very solid year-over-year growth in EMS, but when you look at the percent of revenue, you've been increasing roughly at the rate of about 1 percentage point a quarter, so from 34% on 1Q to 36% here in about 4Q. So at this rate, you'll be somewhat short of your 45% goal for the full year of 2013 unless the pace of those accelerates. So is your expectation that the rate of change in your mix towards DMS will actually accelerate over the next few quarters? And what area within DMS do you think will be the key driver of that acceleration?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I beg to differ with you on that, Wamsi, because part of the headwind in getting Diversified Manufacturing Services to a higher percentage of overall business in fiscal '11 in the other areas would increase fast, too. Enterprise & Infrastructure will be up 18% for the year. High Velocity will be up 10% for the year, and if they moderate to the long-term growth targets of 5% to 10% and we continue to deliver 20% to 30% growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services, we should end up right about where we sat in the analyst meeting in the first week of May, that by 2013, our Diversified Manufacturing Services would end up at around 45% of our business. And so, I look at it, I think we're on track. We just had a little stronger growth in High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure this year. We'll take that when it comes up, and there's opportunity for us to grow the business. You asked about, particularly, business areas. We're very excited about all 3. I hate to be such a so-nondescript in terms of what areas are stronger than others, but we have great things going on in healthcare. And if you look at the Healthcare & Instrumentation, there's a very significant resumption in growth in that area in the third fiscal quarter. We are investing significantly in that area, both from an SG&A, product development and new program ramp standpoint. Forbes indicated that a little bit. So over the next few years, we're very excited about that business area. That's a tougher area to grow. It takes more investments, more infrastructure, more focus. The individual program wins are tend to be a little bit smaller from a revenue standpoint, and they take a longer time to get into the revenue stream. I think that's consistent with probably the narrative that you heard from some of the other players that have a significant Healthcare business though. So we're very excited about it. It grew 31%. They're expected to grow 31% based on the midpoint of Q4 guidance in 2011 and continue to be excited about 2012 and 2013. Industrial & Healthcare, good growth in 2011 and I expect to get, at least, consistent growth in 2012, 2013. And then Specialized Services, I think it's been such a huge year of growth in Materials Technology Group. I wouldn't expect to double the size of that group again in 2012 and again in 2013, but I expect it to continue to see growth there and we're looking to create opportunities for additional growth in the Aftermarket Services. We think we have a great solution there. We've grown that business strictly organically, and we may turn our attention to ways to accelerate the growth there. So we expect all 3 business areas to contribute, and we feel like we're right on track to have Diversified Manufacturing Services end up at 45% to 50% of our business by the time we get into 2013 timeframe.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot. I appreciate the color there. As a quick follow-up, when you incorporated it within your guidance, is there any impact, a, from Japan and, b, from the recently acquired sites in fiscal fourth quarter guidance?
Timothy Main: Yes. I think the negative impact of the sites in Western Europe will be consistent with the third quarter. So there will be continued dilution in Enterprise & Infrastructure associated with that area. We may see margins pick up just a tad, but very consistent with what happened in Q3. And there is a continuing effect from Japan, although that has been incorporated into the guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lou Miscioscia of Collins Stewart.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: Maybe going back to the SG&A line and the extra $6 million, in the past, you usually turn that into profit pretty quickly. Maybe just a comment about the extra spending there and how quickly you expect to get a return on that?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, as I said in my prepared remarks, from earlier resources associated with ongoing ramps in diversified manufacturing. Tim just mentioned, punching another question, basically, resources in our healthcare. So I would certainly expect that to move into the first fiscal quarter of '12. So let's get through the next 7-year old belief here of the balance for this quarter, and we'd expect to see effectively returns coming from that in the first fiscal quarter, in the November quarter of this calendar year. So very, very quickly, so a little bit ahead of ourselves here, but well-positioned and good growth coming in that first fiscal quarter.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: Switching over to Tim, can you maybe just give us some thoughts just what you're seeing out there from an organic demand standpoint? Maybe differentiate a little bit from the new wins that you have had? Obviously, always concerned from investors as to how demand's going to come and play in, and especially I guess over the last month, with a lot of gyrations going on in Europe and a bit here in the U.S., too, in terms with the macro slowing?
Timothy Main: Yes, you know what, it's a great question Lou. When I think about the overall macro environment, I mean, just generally a note, I apologize if these statements are so general, if they're worthless. I think they're valuable, GDP growth in our country was 1.9%, I guess, in the first calendar quarter. If I look at demand patterns and the way customers are behaving today, I don't see any big change. And I don't see any big change in Europe, I don't see any big change in North America. I think Asia continues to be relatively robust, Latin America continues to be pretty robust. So I'm not seeing a lot of changes. I mean, we absorbed the kind of deceleration of GDP growth in the developed world over the course of the first calendar quarter. And I don't know of any significant changes to that kind of tone. And if anything, anecdotally, I'd say that people are becoming a little bit more optimistic about late 2011 and prospects in 2012. I know that doesn't quite square with CNN, and particularly Fox, but that's kind of the way that I see it in the real world. So our healthcare demand is good. Instrumentation demand is okay. Industrial Clean Tech and the other areas seem to be good and Diversified Manufacturing Services. Enterprise & Infrastructure is a little bit more of a mixed bag for us. We see very good demand in Storage, and our Telecommunications business seems to be in pretty good shape. And then High Velocity, actually, things are okay. And with the exception of the one business area that Forbes mentioned, everything seems to be tracking as planned. So I think we're in the midst of a slow, somewhat choppy economic recovery that continues to seem sustainable from our vantage point.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: And then just one quick follow-up on what you just said on the High Velocity, in the next quarter, do you expect a decent rebound across the board in High Velocity? Because you only talked about normal seasonality and expecting some new programs to sort of ramp up?
Timothy Main: I think in terms of fiscal Q4 or fiscal Q1?
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: Well, Q1.
Timothy Main: Yes, so I mean you have to take Q4 for what it is. When we look at fiscal Q1, based on the health of the other areas of High Velocity, we think it's reasonable for investors to expect that our normal seasonal uptick in High Velocity will occur in November quarter, and that quarter would typically be up 15% to 20% in that business area. So if you excluded the Mobility area from High Velocity as an area of concern and uncertainty, the balance of High Velocity, we would expect to see normal seasonal patterns in our November quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a question on the DMS margins. Could you start with the performance you had in this quarter and would you've expect the margins I guess to be a little bit better than the 10-basis-point expansion given the revenue growth in the quarter? And then what does it take for the segment to get to the 7% of margins, which is the midpoint of the range?
Forbes Alexander: Right, I think it was up 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter. And I think it's a bit of a justified call out, but the SG&A expenses, we talked about in terms of ramping with healthcare programs and additional. When we provide you operating margins per segment, that's fully allocated. All corporate, all SG&As, all product development resources, I mean the whole thing. So when we overshoot SG&A by $4 million, $5 million, $6 million and a lot of that is because of investments and in target markets, that's going to have a near-term impact to operating margins. So again, I look at it, these 90-day periods, I wouldn't dwell on that entirely. It is up 10 basis points, it is in the target range of 6% to 8%, and we continue to see margin expansion. The Diversified Manufacturing Services will need to see more of the pipeline of activity that we expect, particularly for fiscal '12 to come into the revenue stream and to get into mature levels of production.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Could you get to 7% op margin? Is it a question of just absorbing the cost function that's out there or is it more, do you guys take some internal issues there?
Timothy Main: Well, let's talk about whether 6.2% is an issue. We don't believe that's an issue. So there's no need for us to get to 7% operating margins in Diversified Manufacturing Services. Based on the way things are laid out right now, yes, we overshot SG&A. If we hadn't overshot SG&A and made important investments in new programs and new capabilities, then the margins would have been higher in the short term and lower in the long term, with lower growth opportunity. So we're investing in the short term, and that infrastructure will get absorbed as programs that we're winning move into the revenue stream over the course of fiscal '12.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Got it. And then just similar, I guess on the enterprise side of the 50 basis points has been rough because of the European site, is there a timeline on when that gets completely absorbed or that headwind gets taken out? Or should we just recalibrate the longer margins there?
Timothy Main: We're going to have to go to work on that. We don't want you to recalibrate your margins expectations long-term because the 4% to 4.5% is a good range. But it's going to be, over the next quarter or 2, it's going to be tough for us to move back into the high end of that range. And we're just going to have to move more business into those sites. We're going to have to find business opportunities for them and create some additional revenue, and we're hard at work on that, plus the business is performing really well, so...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander of Raymond James.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Sorry, if I missed this earlier, but what's driving the bigger-than-normal guidance range for revenue and EPS? It sounds like demand is generally good across your segments. Is this really more around the uncertainty in the Mobility segment? Is it more tied to Japan, supply chain issues? Or have you seen some choppiness in the near-term bookings patterns? Then I have a follow-up.
Timothy Main: No, we think, given the fact that we're guiding High Velocity down by 13%, I mean we'd like to think that's as conservative as a reasonable person would make it. But there is additional uncertainty because of that. We think we've done an appropriate job of handicapping the full impact of Japan. I wouldn't call that an uncertainty that is -- it gives us a lot of concern. We just think it's a smart time for us to be a little bit more conservative, open up the range a little bit, and given the environment and what you read in the newspaper and everything else, that that's appropriate. And if you look at the guidance ranges of other people in our business or even customers on a percentage basis or anything else, this is not a wide range.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, and Forbes, I think you mentioned earlier a 3% SG&A ratio for FY '12 that you would target. If I back out the loss from Europe in the third quarter results, I think your gross margins would have been -- I think you said 15 basis points higher. So 7.7%-ish. And I know you don't manage the business to gross margin, but is there any reason you can't sustain that kind of gross margin level for FY '12, given the mix shifts you're seeing in the business? Because obviously, if you did, your operating margins would be up in FY '12 versus FY '11.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I don't see any reason, Brian, that we can't sustain operating margins in the areas you just discussed. We would expect to see continued overall core operating margin expansion in fiscal '12 over fiscal '11. We're not going to provide guidance today, but certainly, we don't see anything that would prohibit it, in fact, we've seen core operating margin expansion in fiscal '12.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan of Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC: So question around the margins in Italy and France, since this is -- we noticed to be a drag and thanks for calling that out, specifically today. What should we be expecting from these regions? I know you gave a little bit of a comment around the next quarter, but is there a specific plan in place around how we drive this to corporate levels and to what extent we can either think of this linearly or how long we might anticipate this?
Forbes Alexander: I think you need to, at least, plan for the next couple of quarters. We have internal plans that are in place. I can't provide you any information at this point on what the progress is, not because I don't want to, just because it's early in the process.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, and then just shifting gears, from a very high level, when you look at what you're doing within your DMS business, is there a way, perhaps, Tim, if you could elaborate on what's some of your more recent learning points have been as you shifted that strategy and how would you characterize the adjustments or that you've needed to make or perhaps that are requiring a more scrutinizing eye in order to reach the goals that you've set forth over the next year or 2?
Forbes Alexander: We have a lot of fun doing it. Of course, you learn a lot as you go along. And I'll answer the question, if I haven't answered the question, you can follow up before we go to the next person. But we're having a lot of fun with it, because we get to doing really nifty products. We're doing new things with capabilities that we haven't had before, and I think one of the things that we've learned is that, that, particularly in areas like healthcare and in such life services. Gosh, sometimes, it takes a different level of infrastructure than the generic EMS industry approach and to really drive the differentiation. It takes investment, it takes better people and a higher level of expertise, and it is common in the industry. And so, that's part of the investments that we're making, particularly in healthcare, part of the big CapEx plan that we've had over the last 12 to 18 months, to build up specialized services. And we're just learning that to talk about differentiation, a lot different than being differentiated, and being differentiated takes a lot of hard work for the big people and really focus investment. And gosh, we're having fun doing that and honing [ph] as we go, and we'll continue to focus on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve O'Brien of JPMorgan.
Steven O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Looking at the HVS, High Velocity margins going into the next couple of quarters, I mean, when we looked back last year with customers here sort of firing on all cylinders and the business was maybe 1% operating margin, how things change now that's allowing Jabil to capture -- it might be slightly below the target range, but still kind of near 2% margin when you have such volatility in certain customers' demands?
Forbes Alexander: So yes, I think we have been happy with the March performance in High Velocity. I will take this one. We've been very happy with the progression and performance in High Velocity, and I think that comes down to a lot of the focus we put on Lean activities and efficiencies in manufacturing. So a lot of effort has gone into that. Basically, for the last year, where this whole High Velocity arena was the low-targeted margins. And as you point out, it's a difficult business to manage for the volatility that one sees in this area. But with the processes we have in place, our real focus in terms of Lean activity and Six Sigma processes, it's bringing it home into the targeted ranges.
Timothy Main: We have some great customers in that business area. People tend to focus on the marquee customers and focus on the negative side of volatility, but there's a lot of really great positive things in that business area. Our printing relationship is in great shape, and we do a lot of set-top boxes and point-of-sale systems, and we've actually been pretty pleased with those customer relationships and our ability to execute. So as Forbes said, it's really fundamentally about better execution and not wasting a lot of time and effort on suboptimized relationships in areas of the business that represent waste. So it's primarily an execution, an improvement in execution is responsible for the improvement of almost 100 basis points of margin in that area year-over-year.
Steven O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So again, next quarter, is the HVS business relying on a real uptick in the third month in August to get to that down 13% sequential and to get to that kind of near-ish 2% margin?
Timothy Main: I'm not sure we understand that question.
Steven O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So is it really back-end loaded quarter for HVS in the fiscal fourth quarter, is that the expectation?
Forbes Alexander: No.
Timothy Main: It's a fairly sleepy time in High Velocity. So things are going along pretty well with the exception of the business areas we've already talked about.
Steven O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And one more quick one, if I could, or maybe not so quick. But inventories, they're up a little bit this quarter. Can you comment on your -- on Jabil's inventory position and then what you're hearing from customers in terms of inventory and if you get any feedback on some distributors who I know have been pointing to elevated inventory?
Forbes Alexander: Jabil grew by $90 million, 2 days out from last quarter sequentially. I think we're about 3% or 4% sequentially, while revenue grew at 8% or 9%. So overall, satisfactory. So from what we do from the management team's perspective, we are targeting 8%, and we're at 7%. So overall, we're okay with the performance. We've taken a couple of days out, as I said. In terms of feedback from customers or suppliers, we're not hearing anything that is any different than they have done over the last 2 or 3 quarters. I think demand patterns we've seen are pretty steady as we move throughout our quarters. Obviously, there will be some seasonality in the Christmas quarter. But otherwise, it does appear to be business as usual.
Steven O'Brien - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I should have mentioned the conversion cycle did improve, but thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Congratulations to you and your team there at Jabil. Earlier in the conference call, you'd mentioned that you thought it was a good idea to add a bigger range in your sales and EPS. Traditionally, sales has been about $100 million and EPS about $0.04, and now it's $200 million, $0.08 or double that. You thought it might be prudent to do so, is that because visibility has declined or more because of your Mobility issues that are going on with your customers getting delayed? Or exactly, what's the reason about why now we're doing bigger sales in EPS ranges and should we just expect that to be the new norm for Jabil?
Timothy Main: Jim, I just have to take exception with this traditionally, we've guided this way. It was a very tight range last quarter, and I don't think this is out of character for Jabil or the industry or indicates any lack of visibility or increasing uncertainty or anything of that type. We know when you guide a business segment down 13% that there's some uncertainty but it is contained in a very, very small area. So I feel like maybe we've been providing guidances too tight. And gosh, why do that in a marketplace like this? No, it has nothing to do with visibility. No, it's got nothing to do with uncertainty. And I would contest the statement that traditionally we've always been at that certain range.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Okay, and indeed, you are accurate, just in the past few quarters and I would concur that you've just been a little tighter with the guidance the past few quarters. And historically, going back further than that, indeed, it is back to what you've kind of given today. So both those statements I think were both accurate. When we think about also tracking towards, you actually opened up the discussion talking about fiscal Q1, about how you expect High Velocity to be more seasonal. One has to ask if one of your customers is missing a little bit of a new population [ph]. Shouldn't that segment actually be stronger than expected in the November quarter?
Timothy Main: Stronger than expected in the November quarter?
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: I think seasonal.
Timothy Main: I think we're just acknowledging that this could end up to be a little bit of modeling dilemma. So we're trying to provide some help without providing guidance for fiscal Q1. So we're not providing guidance for fiscal Q1. But if you look at the High Velocity area, and you can do what you want with the Mobility area of High Velocity. I mean, if you'd like to assume that it's going to be better than that in the November quarter because of whatever your reasons are, that's great. I think the main point is that's a high level of uncertainty for us, and the balance of the High Velocity area is actually in very good shape, and we would expect normal seasonal patterns to show up in our November quarter. And we would regard that normal seasonal pattern to be something in the nature of 15% to 20% sequential growth in the High Velocity segment, excluding the uncertainty with the customer you talked about. And when you talk about Enterprise & Infrastructure, not necessarily a seasonal area, but we continue to see some growth there. In Diversified Manufacturing Services, we've seen excellent growth there. No reason to think that growth will slow down. And keep in mind that there is an area of Diversified Manufacturing Services that will probably see a seasonal uptick in the Materials Technology Group. So in any case, that could actually see some acceleration of growth in that area, depending on how other things go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine of the Longbow Research.
Joseph Wittine: It's Joe calling for Shawn Harrison. First off, lead times for equipment, have you seen any hiccups there in the supply chain as it relates to the investments you're making in DMS, CNC machines, et cetera?
Timothy Main: No, we haven't.
Joseph Wittine: And then, second, kind of going off of what Jim was just speaking about in High Velocity, at this point, it seems like -- and I appreciate the commentary on how the November quarter could trend or, at least, directly could trend right now. Looking on to next year, is it smartest for us to not too get aggressive and model sales, I guess, below or at the bottom end of your long-term target growth rate? It seems like, to just hit that 5% to 10% vote you have over the long term, it's going to be very difficult, at least, for fiscal '12. So am I looking at that business right? How that's talking about guidance too specifically for fiscal '12.
Timothy Main: Yes, I think the appropriate way for us to talk about that when we talk about Diversified Manufacturing Services, kind of the midpoint of the long-term target growth range of 20% to 30%, probably the same for Enterprise & Infrastructure of 5% to 10%. And sure, that might be in High Velocity, that might be a little more difficult to be nearer the high end, modeling the low end of that range is probably more appropriate.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Tim, with the changes in the business, the way that you're reporting it, I just wanted to get a sense of what you think typical seasonality is in the Enterprise & Infrastructure business and in HVS for the August and the November quarter?
Timothy Main: The August guidance we've given you, so that's what we would typically see, this is anecdotal. I'm not going to quote 4, 5 years of numbers. If you go back a few years, Sherri, and you're in the Great Recession, so everything is kind of distorted by cycles of 10s [ph], but we would typically not see much of a seasonal increase in High Velocity or Enterprise & Infrastructure in the August quarter or the November quarter. So we've already made some comments about the November quarter for actually all 3 business areas. Normal seasonal patterns in the Consumer Electronics area for us is, we would think, in the 15% to 20% range in the November quarter. Not much of it is seasonal impact on Enterprise & Infrastructure, and Diversified Manufacturing Services tends to be pretty steady. Again, in Diversified Manufacturing Services and the Materials Technology Group, there is some reason to think that the November quarter would be seasonally stronger because of the business mix there. So Diversified Manufacturing Services should be pretty consistent.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so when I put that together, it sounds like the guidance that you're giving for the August quarter is relatively in line with typical seasonality for you in E&I and HVS other than the product delays with one of your big customers. Is that the way that we should think about it?
Timothy Main: That's correct.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: And then looking at the buyback, I don't know if you had mentioned earlier, but do you have plans for how quickly you expect to do that buyback. That's something you want to do relatively soon? Or is that something that will be spread out over the year?
Forbes Alexander: The authorizations open for a year, but we will certainly take a view on that in the next week or so. But I would expect to see some activity here as we move forward in this quarter.
Beth Walters: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the conference call today. And as you usual, we'll be available for any follow-up questions for investors or analysts throughout the week. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-03-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations Timothy Main - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG Nabil Hanano - Raymond James Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Patrick, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Walters, you may begin the conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter and fiscal 2011 call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO, Tim Main; and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website, www.jabil.com, in the Investors section. Our second quarter press release and corresponding webcast with slides are also available on our website. In those slides, you will find the financial information that we cover during this conference call. We ask that you follow our presentation with the slides on the website.  And beginning with Slide 2 now, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2011 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiency and financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for this fiscal year ended August 31, 2010, on subsequent reports on the Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and in our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Today's call will begin with some comments and highlights from Forbes Alexander on our second fiscal quarter, as well as some forward guidance on our third fiscal quarter of 2011. Tim Main will then follow with some macro and Jabil-specific comments about our performance, our model and our current outlook. We will then open it up to questions from call attendees. I'll now turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth, and hello, everyone. I ask you to refer to Slides 3 and 4. Net revenue for the second quarter is $3.9 billion, an increase of 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. GAAP operating income was $104.6 million. This compares to $61.8 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $3 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and charges associated with the acquisition of sites in France and Italy increased 76.2% to $168.4 million. It represents 4.3% of revenue. This compares to $95.6 million or 3.2% for the same period in the prior year. As expected, on a sequential basis, revenue decreased 3.8% in the second quarter while core operating income decreased by 7.4%. Core diluted earnings per share $0.54, an increase of 86.2% over the prior year.  Please now refer to Slides 5 and 6 for revenue mix and core operating income by each of the segments for our second fiscal quarter.  Our Diversified Manufacturing Services segment grew by 0.5% sequentially. On a yearly basis, the segment grew 47%. Revenue was approximately $1.4 billion, representing 35% of total company revenue in the second quarter. Core operating income was 6.1% of revenue. Revenue and core operating income performance were impacted in the quarter as a result of semi-cap equipment revenues below our previous expectations and incremental investments within Specialized Services to support ongoing program wins and ramps in the second half of the fiscal year.  The Enterprise & Infrastructure segment increased by 6% sequentially. On a yearly basis, this segment grew by 19%. Revenue was approximately $1.2 billion, representing 32% of total company revenue in the second quarter. Core operating income for the segment was 4.6% of revenue.  Our High Velocity segment decreased by 15% sequentially. On a yearly basis, this segment grew by 27%. Revenue was approximately $1.3 billion, representing 33% of total company revenue in the quarter. Core operating income for the segment was 2% of revenue. We are pleased with the progress we are making as we move this segment with our targeted core operating income range of 2% to 2.5%.  Now, I ask you to refer to Slides 7, 8 and 9, which accompany my commentary on elements of our second quarter operating and balance sheet performance. Selling, general and administration expenses were $121.5 million and represented 3.1% of revenue. Research and development costs was $6.5 million in the quarter, intangibles amortization was $5.7 million, stock based compensation was $20.3 million in the quarter and charges associated with the recently acquired sites in France and Italy was $37.6 million. Our net interest expense for the quarter was $25.9 million, and the tax rate on net core operating income was 16.4%.  Our sales cycle in the second quarter decreased by five days from the previous quarter to 11 days. Inventory turns remain consistent at seven. Cash flow from operations was $450.3 million. The core return on invested capital for the quarter was 25.8% and cash and cash equivalents were $902.3 million.  At the end of the second quarter, there were no outstanding balances on our revolver. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $106 million as we continue to invest in infrastructure to support our targeted markets and capabilities. $56 million was associated with our Diversified Manufacturing Services group, $13 million in our Enterprise & Infrastructure, $7 million in our High Velocity and $30 million in our IT and building infrastructure. Depreciation in the quarter was approximately $71.3 million and core EBITDA was $239.6 million or 6.1% of revenue, consistent with that of our first fiscal quarter.  In summary, we're extremely pleased with the results of our second quarter. Our goal and plan is to fundamentally shift the revenue and income profile of the company to provide overall sustainable operating performance, a provision to accelerate as we move through the second half of the fiscal year.  I will now ask you to refer to Slides 11 and 12, where I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss the recent events in Japan and the recent acquisition of sites in France and Italy. Our heartfelt condolences go out to all those impacted by the recent natural disaster in Japan. Our operations and employees in Gotemba and Tokyo were not directly impacted by the events. We immediately established a supply chain command center and continue to work with customers and suppliers to assess the full scope of any impact to the continuity of supply and assess best strategies to mitigate any such impact.  Towards the end of our second fiscal quarter, we acquired operations in France and Italy, with the primary motivation being to sustain customer relationships. We are currently in the process of developing a long-term business plan for these sites and expect revenues to represent approximately 1.5% of overall quarterly revenue guidance in the third fiscal quarter. The acquisition of these sites is not expected to impact our ability to meet our 2011 and long-term goals.  I'd now like to provide you with our third quarter fiscal 2011 guidance. The natural disaster in Japan may have an impact on the supply of components to our global manufacturing operations. However, the extent of this impact is not known at this time. Therefore, the guidance I'm providing excludes the impact of potential supply disruptions on these results.  Now, I ask you to refer to Slides 13 and 14. We expect revenue in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis to increase by approximately 21% or 6% sequentially to a range of $4.1 billion to $4.2 billion. The Diversified Manufacturing Services group is expected to increase by 6% sequentially. The Enterprise & Infrastructure group is expected to increase by 8% sequentially, of which approximately half of this growth is associated with the acquisition of operations in France and Italy. The balance reflects new business awards from an existing customer and the wireless telecommunications programs, which will ramp over the next two quarters, while our High Velocity segment is expected to increase 3% sequentially.  Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $175 million to $185 million. Please keep in mind that this includes the range of $5 million to $10 million of operating losses associated with the sites in France and Italy. Core operating margin is expected to be in the range of 4.3% to 4.4%. And that will result to core earnings per share in the range of $0.55 to $0.59 per diluted share. Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be 3.1% of revenue. Research and development costs, $7.5 million in the fiscal quarter, intangibles amortization is expected to be approximately $5 million, stock based compensation, $20 million, and interest expense of $26 million in the third fiscal quarter. Based upon the current estimates of production, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be approximately 17% for the year.  Our capital expenditures are estimated to be $100 million in the quarter. The majority of this expenditure, being associated with investments in Diversified Manufacturing Services and Enterprise & Infrastructure segments, support ongoing multi-quarter program runs.  At this point, I shall hand the call over to Tim Main.
Timothy Main: Thank you, Forbes. Please turn to Slide 15. The first half of fiscal 2011 has been a great start to the full fiscal year. Revenues increased 31% year-over-year and a little over $8 billion. All three business segments that we report today, Diversified Manufacturing Services, High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure are exceeding their long-term growth targets, particularly Diversified Manufacturing Services, in the most recent quarter grew 47% year-over-year. We're particularly heartened by the fact that Diversified Manufacturing Services has increased to 35% of our overall business, and that's from 30% about a year ago. So a very rapid growth in this area and increasing the richness of our portfolio mix.  Enterprise & Infrastructure is resuming its growth rate and, again, will likely exceed our long-term targets this year. The new wins are improving the diversification in this segment. I'll talk about that in a few moments. High velocity, we were challenged in fiscal '10 to drive operating margins to the targeted range of 2% to 2.5%. We now have two consecutive quarters where the High Velocity area performed within the long-term targeted range. And we're very happy, Forbes and I are both pleased, to report that free cash flow in the first half of this year is significantly above where it was in the first half of fiscal '10, with cash flow from operations in the most recent quarter $450 million, which is, I think, a pretty good performance.  Turning to Slide 16, please, on the recap in Diversified Manufacturing Services. In the second fiscal quarter, we enjoyed 47% growth over the same period in fiscal 2010. 2011 growth is very likely to exceed now our long-term growth target of 20% to 30%. Operating margin remains in the targeted range of 6% to 8%, and we're seeing continued growth with guidance of 6% sequential growth in terms of our guidance in Q3. So we're very pleased with the performance in Diversified Manufacturing Services.  Turn to Page 17, Enterprise & Infrastructure is starting to demonstrate significant growth, and we enjoyed 19% year-over-year growth in our second fiscal quarter. Operating margins continue to be at the high end of our targeted range of 4% to 4.5%, actually we exceeded that margin in our second fiscal quarter and expectations are that we'll continue to operate within that range. We're seeing an increase in contribution of business mix from our storage and telecommunications sector. In fact, we would look for this storage and telecommunications portion of Enterprise & Infrastructure to grow to as high as 70% of the overall sectors business by the second half of the year, and expect 8% sequential growth in fiscal Q3. So very, very strong growth there based on some new business wins in the targeted areas, particularly telecommunications and storage.  Turn to Slide 18, please. In High Velocity, we did see 27% year-over-year growth. Operating margins at 2% are within the range, so two consecutive quarters of being within the targeted range of 2% to 2.5%. We're particularly happy with that performance given our second fiscal quarter is typically a very poor quarter because of the seasonal down, and going through a 15% sequential decline and being able to maintain operating margins at 2% and within the range is, I think, underscores our ability to run the full fiscal year within our targeted long-term range. Expect the second half to show consistent results with the first half and forecasting guidance to a 3% sequential growth rate.  So taking that all into account, will you turn to Slide 19, please. This provides a look at our portfolio and growth mix and how we look at the second half of the year. Hopefully, help you how to characterize the second half of the year relative to the first half. Our first half actual results are a little over $8 billion, and taking the midpoint of our guidance in the third quarter and applying our long-term growth rates to the fourth fiscal quarter, that results in the second half revenue level of $8.4 billion. This is consistent with the chart that we reviewed in the last quarter's conference call. Just helping you build a model for this year. That results in a full fiscal year of about $16.4 billion.  I think it's interesting to note that if we applied the long-term growth targets onto that $16.4 billion, 5% to 10% in High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure, 20% to 30% in Diversified Manufacturing Services, and based on the business mix we'll have, at the end of this fiscal year, the company would reach a $20 billion revenue level by fiscal 2013. So we're very happy to be moving in that direction and seeing significant growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services in particular.  Turning to Slide 20, please. Our business transformation is well underway and I think showing up in the results, the chart on the right, depicts our core operating margin and core EBITDA margin. And tracking that from fiscal '09 through the first half of fiscal 2011, over a 200 basis point improvement in both metrics, and a very significant growth year-over-year.  We’re very stressing a great deal on customer service and operational performance. Some of the improvement in margins, particularly from the '09 levels, was due to growth in the business of scale and some of it is due to portfolio mix, but a significant part of the improvement in margins is due to really focusing on operational excellence, lean manufacturing and higher levels of productivity. We continue to focus on differentiated services and capabilities, particularly in targeted markets like Healthcare & Life Sciences and other areas of Diversified Manufacturing Services. And we see a growing scale and advancing share in targeted markets, which tends to be a virtuous cycle of lower costs, higher capabilities and greater share.  Turning to Slide 21, please. Just to kind of recap near term our challenges and opportunities, clearly the near-term challenges, one significant near-term challenge could be the potential for near-term supply disruptions due to the natural disaster in Japan. Right now, it's too early to accurately assess the impact to supply. We're working very closely with our suppliers and customers to mitigate any potential impact. Information that we are now in the 11th day since the tragic event took place, I think you should appreciate that some suppliers are simply scrambling to get their employees back to work, determine if and what level of damage has been done to their operations and when they can resume supply. Information is coming in rapidly, and we are getting better information. But again, it's too early to accurately assess what impact this might have to our results in the third fiscal quarter. We thought the best thing for us to do was to give you an honest appraisal using our conventional, conservative guidance, give you as accurate a picture as we can of the shape and health of the business today, and excluding the potential impact that this might have.  We'll be making, just to talk about the Q&A session today, we will not be making any specific comments regarding particular customers or suppliers. I know you're very interested to know what suppliers might be most impacted, what business sectors might be most impacted, what customers might be -- suffer to the highest level of consequence. That is completely speculative at this point. There's no reason for us to think that Jabil's experience, if there is a significant supply chain disruption, that our experience would be any different than anybody else in the electronics industry, no better and no worse. In fact, I think our diversification probably helps us in that regard. And we're not in a position to predict or help you predict what areas of the industry may be least affected or most affected. So we will be making -- we will have no responses to these specific questions in that regard.  Second near-term challenge in Italy and France. We're working on a sustainable, profitable business plan. We think the impact of margins will be minimal. And this was a difficult decision that we made on behalf of significant strategic customers, as well as protecting our reputation within the communities that we do business. I think it provides a significant opportunity for us, though, to differentiate Jabil's customer service during a period of high stress, both in terms of acquiring sites that were struggling on behalf of strategic customers, as well as proactively working with our customers and suppliers to mitigate and minimize any supply chain disruption due to the events in Japan. I think it's an opportunity for Jabil to use its skilled resources in the area of component engineering and design resources, as well as our global supply chain management capabilities, particularly those capabilities in Asia.  Jabil's also well capitalized to support customers during this period of high stress. And we think it's a great reason for the customers that we serve to do business with large scale, well-capitalized and well-funded companies like Jabil over other players in the industry that may not be as well positioned to support them during this period of high stress. We take this opportunity to fine-tune our service, support customers and, pursuant to that, build market share and scale in targeted markets. Our growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services is exceeding our long-term targets and we're building share in Enterprise & Infrastructure and very gratified by that.  So in summary, there are some near-term challenges. There's no reason to think that those near-term challenges will be extended into any type of permanent challenge. In fact, Jabil has operated in highly-allocated component markets many times, in my experience at Jabil. And there will be short-term disruptions, may or may not be severe, we don't know at this point. They are temporary disruptions, and there's no reason to think that it will be any better or worse for Jabil, and no reason to think that it will extend beyond the next quarter or two.  So it's a great opportunity for Jabil to differentiate ourselves with customers and the industry and to continue to grow on target markets. And in summary, our long-term strategic plan is on track and we're very pleased with our progress.
Beth Walters: Thanks, Tim. Patrick, we are ready to enter the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Tim, just starting with the European operations that were reacquired and understanding that you said there's a minimal impact to margins, is there any precedence in terms of prior actions you've done to help improve profitability and things you can point to that as you get those, that business up and running again, that you can drive some improvement?
Timothy Main: Well, there's timing. Let me talk about first the actions that we take and then maybe some experiences that might be instructive. In the short term, the first things that we can do are focused on productivity and cost reduction within the sites themselves, and we'll be working on that diligently immediately. Secondly, is to make sure that the present customers in the sites are well served and hopefully enhance those relationships in order to give them confidence that we cannot only supply their current requirements, but also potentially expand the business. Third, we look at the unique characteristics of the sites and develop a business plan that is sustainable and target customers and markets that can support the cost structure and take advantage of any unique capabilities that the sites might have. Another experience for Jabil is our U.S. operations today are profitable. I believe every single site in the United States is profitable. So even though we went through a period of retrenchment in the U.S., we closed a site in Billerica, Massachusetts, by working on middle market accounts aggressively and working on things like NPI [new product introduction] services in plants like Michigan and really working in healthcare and areas of the business that need a U.S. presence, we've actually developed a pretty robust and profitable business here in the U.S. We decided to forgo that opportunity in Europe because the market is a little bit different, a little more challenging to make those things work in Western Europe, but now that we own the sites again, we're going to have to revisit all of those plants and really aggressively go after it. So initially, short-term, it's cost reduction in the current customers and then longer-term over the next three, four, five quarters, it's really working diligently on new markets for the sites.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If I can follow up on the tablet space, just if you can go over your strategy there and really how Green Point fits into that?
Timothy Main: Well I wouldn't say that we have a separate strategy for tablets. We do business with some of the best smartphone companies in the world today, and I think the unique capabilities of our Materials Technology Group at Jabil Green Point and their ability to work with new materials, a combination of materials like glass and metals and plastics and other alternative materials, these are the types of things that tablet makers and smartphone makers are very, very interested in. So I think that our growth in smartphones and tablets will come together and continue to be pretty robust for the next few years.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then last one, if I could, on the HVS business, Forbes. Nice to see the profitability within range. Does that change at all, the view there? I know it's been -- the strategy is focused on improving profitability and inventory turns. Will that remain the case? Or now that you're within the range, is it possible you might get a little more aggressive there or not in terms of revenue growth?
Forbes Alexander: Well I think, Craig, this juncture, we're at the low end of the range this quarter, which is very gratifying in a sequentially down and a seasonal down revenue. So still some work to do there, keeping that 2%, 2.5% range, we've anticipated that in the back half of the year. But we'll view these opportunities on their own merit as they come to us. What I would comment is our strategy around diversification has not changed. Of course, we are hitting all these targets and the range targets for each of our three segments, but we're still driving towards our goal of Diversified Manufacturing Services business, that’s running 50% of the overall revenue stream longer term. So that hasn't changed, and we will continue to focus on driving more margin across each of these segments.
Timothy Main: It's showing a little bit more growth than you might expect over the last couple of quarters, but please appreciate that for the customers that we have in High Velocity, we are an attractive choice for them, and we need to support their requirements. So to the extent our customers in that area grow, we're going to grow with them, but that is not an area that we're targeting a lot of new business development activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Louis Miscioscia from Collins Stewart.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: Maybe if you could just talk about R&D, SG&A and the tax rate. They all came in lower than I guess what our expectations were, which is obviously it was a good thing, but why was that the case? And can you talk about the sustainability of that for the rest of the year?
Forbes Alexander: Sure. So in terms of SG&A, it is marginally more. I think we've done a real good job over the last four or five quarters of leveraging that SG&A base, and we also made $120 million a year -- a quarter, excuse me. As we move forward, you're going to see that just come up a little bit, guidance for next quarter is about 3.1%, so consistent with Q2. What that does is add about $6 million of expense there, $4 million associated with the plants in France and Italy, and a little bit of room for growth there to support the continuing growth across our Enterprise. R&D, nothing particular there. We’ve got various activities and programs that move in and out. I think, as you know, design can be a little bit more challenging to predict exactly where some of these programs launch and finish. So nothing particular there, and we'll continue to see that as we move forward. In terms of the tax rate, that came in lower than we’d expected, and that's really being driven by the sources of revenue and income on a geographic basis. So we'd expect that, given what we see today as we move forward, to be in right about 17% as we move forward to the balance of this fiscal year. I would drive one’s attention to we do still have some tax holidays in various geographies in Asia. And even with the impact of operations in France and Italy, I think we can still achieve that 17% as we move forward.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: Then maybe just a follow-up to Tim. It’s nice that you moved the $20 billion target in a year. Could you just remind us what the long-term growth target is? I think that it's, obviously, you mentioned earlier 20% to 30% for diversified, and I believe 5% to 10% for Enterprise, but you also have 5% to 10% for High Velocity or do you expect that to be flat? Because if there is growth there then, obviously, it seems like it should be -- the number could even be higher.
Timothy Main: Right. The long-term target is 5% to 10%, which really represents kind of a secular growth rate with the existing customer base. And I think that the big thing in terms of, if you kind of average that out with the current mix of business, it results in a 13% to 15% year-over-year growth rate. And last quarter, I think we indicated that based on those growth targets, that we were likely to hit a $20 billion or more revenue level by fiscal 2014, fiscal 2015. I think the change is that we're doing it a heck of a lot better this year, and we're going to significantly exceed those long-term growth rates in all three segments. Therefore, we're really kind of pulling in the date at which, the year in which we will likely hit a $20 billion run rate. So it's not guidance. It's simply applying the logic of what our long-term growth objectives are to our current state of affairs, and taking a look at what this business might look like in a couple of years if we were able to achieve those aspirations.
Operator: The next question comes from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Two questions. One on the DMS margins, can you just talk about what drove that down sequentially, especially given that Specialized Services were actually up in revenues? And as you get to the back half of the year, should we expect those margins getting back to kind of a 7% range at the midpoint of your long-term targets?
Timothy Main: I'll have to answer the second part of that question first. We do expect margins to rebound somewhat in the second half of the year in terms of the performance in Q2. Really it's a range, it’s 6% to 8%, we're actually pleased that it continues in that range. And I think you can see some variation in, particularly in Diversified Manufacturing Services, some variation plus or minus quarter to quarter based on levels of production and what we might be doing in terms of new product launches, et cetera. In terms of the last quarter, we did have a little weakness in semiconductor capital equipment that was a little bit less than anticipated, and making investments, particularly in Specialized Services, to support continued growth in Specialized Services in the second half of the year. So if you take a look at where the margins were in the second quarter versus the midpoint, it's about $10 million of additional income. And you consider $3 million to $4 million in semi-cap and some of the other areas of Instrumentation that might have been a little bit weaker in Q2 with the balance of it being expenses and investments to support more aggressive ramp of production in the second half of the year. So we'd expect that picture to brighten a bit in Q3 and Q4.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then just to clarify on the pre-European side, I think you guys had about $60 million or so in revenues, and $5 million in op losses which you expect on a quarterly basis, is that accurate?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, about 1.5% of next quarter's midpoint of guidance, so right about $60 million of revenue. And it’s a range on it of losses $5 million to $10 million, depending on the level of performance and our ability to structure our long-term business plans.
Timothy Main: And probably higher on the front end…
Forbes Alexander: I expect to be higher on the front end on it, and more in the back end as we put our funds in place.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then just finally, this is all -- all the European sites are primarily in the Enterprise side of the business, right?
Forbes Alexander: That's correct. Enterprise & Infrastructure, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Amitabh Passi from UBS.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank: Tim, first question for you. I just wanted to understand, what exactly is embedded in your assumptions for the guidance for next quarter with respect to Japan? Is your guidance basically predicated on business as you're seeing today, or do you sort of maybe factor it in some conservatism just given some of the uncertainty around Japan?
Timothy Main: To be very sanitary about this, we are not baking in significant supply disruptions from Japan. Our normal process is to take a fairly conservative view of our forward-looking guidance. And if you look at the last -- I believe that we've operated high end or exceeded the high end of our revenue range in six of the last seven quarters. So that should give you an idea that we would typically take a fairly conservative view of revenue guidance to begin with. It's conceivable that there are scenarios where the impact from Japan would be very minimal or slight, and that our guidance accommodates that impact. It can also be conceivable that the impact could be very significant, in which case we would suffer a greater deal than what's anticipated. So we are taking our normal conventional typical conservative view on revenue guidance and not baking in anything specific to Japan. It doesn't mean that with some disruption, we might not be able to operate within that range to begin with or in the end, but it's kind of the way we've looked at it.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank: And then just one follow-up. On the segments in the quarter, Enterprise & Infrastructure came in significantly stronger. I think your expectations, and frankly even ours -- which probably doesn't mean much -- but I just want to understand the puts and takes, E&I coming in much stronger than anticipated, I think Consumer or High Velocity Systems slightly weaker. And you just said maybe what you're seeing there with respect to demand patterns, demand trends, and maybe some of the new design wins you talked about in E&I?
Timothy Main: Yes, I mean this just looks pretty good. I mean overall demand looks pretty good. I think we continue to see a continuing recovery in North America, so pretty good demand all around. And in our Enterprise & Infrastructure, some of the new business wins are particularly strong in the wireless infrastructure area, particularly in emerging markets and, secondarily, gaining share in new programs in the storage market. So those two parts of the Enterprise & Infrastructure business are showing very robust activity right now.
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank: And then on High Velocity, any comments there?
Forbes Alexander: Not really. I mean it came in a little bit weaker. I think it's only $20 million, $25 million weaker than the guidance we've provided with. On that book of business, it is by nature, if you look at the handsets, set-top boxes and printing products, and by its very nature, it is a volatile business, it is a Consumer Line business. So slightly weaker at $20 million, $25 million. Nothing that jumps out there. It’s just really around that volatility. I think it's pretty close to our expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Alexander from Raymond James.
Nabil Hanano - Raymond James: This is Nabil Hanano in for Brian Alexander. I just wanted to touch on the DMS growth. We've seen meaningful growth there for the past several quarters, but we haven't seen any significant gross margin expansion. Is this a result of the CapEx you've been making over the past four quarters, they've been above $100 million? And can you discuss if those investments thus far have been yielding the results you've expected?
Timothy Main: Just a small correction. Operating margin, not gross margin. Because we report operating margins in this area.
Nabil Hanano - Raymond James: Well, no, on the consolidated results, the mix. You've seen incremental revenues of roughly $450 million year-over-year, but the gross margins have only been up 10% basis points roughly.
Forbes Alexander: Yes, so to answer the question, yes, we have got a great leverage on our SG&A that vary on the cost. And it is around these investments. I think in some of the areas of Specialized Services, there is some element of lag in terms of these investments we're making there until we get these multiple products launched, up and running. So some lag there, maybe a quarter or two. And as we've said, we had capital investments, majority of the investments $200 million plus. The last couple of quarters has been directed towards Diversified Manufacturing Service and, in particular, our Specialized Services arena. So we continue to see that as we move forward into Q3. But we would expect that gross margin expansion as we move into the back half of this fiscal year.
Timothy Main: And I want to go back to this topic. There's a reason that we don't provide guidance on a gross margin basis because for years, for the last 10 years, we've said we really don't regard that as a meaningful metric for us. There is significant changes business to business, program to program, customer to customer in terms of the material content and the revenue stream, and that's really the primary determinative of gross margin. We're really focused on operating margin. As diversified manufacturing services increase from 30% to 35%, our operating margins have followed suit from 3.7% to 4.4% for the first half of this year. So very significant improvement in the operating performance of the business. And really, gross margin is not a metric that we track. We don't regard it as significantly meaningful.
Nabil Hanano - Raymond James: Okay. Then my last question is just, how sustainable do you view the free cash flow to EBITDA ratio you've targeted, given that most of your growth is being driven by DMS, which is the more working capital intensive portion of your business?
Forbes Alexander: Overall, I think we stand by from the targets we have given. I think previously, we talked about a 25%, 35% free cash flow number versus EBITDA. That based off of business that we grow long-term about 15% to 20%. Of course, we're not giving guidance for our fourth quarter. I think there's opportunity that we would certainly grow beyond the high end of that long-term target this fiscal year given the first half performance and our Q3 guidance. So on an overall basis, I think there is certainly opportunity to drive free cash flow to around about the 20% level. If one sort of backs into the math there on a consistent growth rate, 10% to 15%, that would equate to that 30% ratio. So really to summarize, I think there's opportunity here to produce free cash flow this fiscal year around about 20% of overall EBITDA.
Timothy Main: It would take a very significant deterioration in inventory turn, which is really the only difference between the DMS area as being the more working capital intensive than the other areas of the business. It would take a significant deterioration in the company's inventory turns overall to jeopardize our performance in free cash flow and the expectations of free cash flow, and we just don't see that happening.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fox from CLSA.
Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Two questions. First of all, Tim, can you -- before the earthquake, were you guys seeing any kind of component constraints or ordering constraints for the capital equipment you need for DMS? And then secondly, along the lines of the investment you're making in DMS, is there any way you could talk about whether the run rate should slow down given your long-term targets for growth and any kind of payback periods you could talk about around the investments you're making on the casing side?
Timothy Main: The first part of your question was about supply constraints, and I thought you were talking about components but you shifted to. . .
Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Actually, I was talking about both. I was curious if there was any component constraints, and then if you have any on the equipment, order lead time issues prior to the earthquake.
Timothy Main: So in terms of components, the market, since the fourth quarter of 2010 as component supply and capacity has really caught up with demand, lead times have been coming in and it's been turning into more of a buyer's market than a seller's market. And I think that's pretty well-known out there and pretty well covered. In terms of specific equipment, nothing that we think will pace our business. There are certain types of equipment that lead times are a little bit difficult, but nothing that would pace our business below our expectations. And then the third part of the question was about additional investments in DMS, I think?
Steven Fox - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Yes. Well, I'm just trying to understand there...
Timothy Main: Payback periods in DMS?
Amitabh Passi - UBS Investment Bank: Payback period and the slope of the investments, whether DMS should start to slow down in terms of the CapEx.
Timothy Main: Yes. I think, particularly in the Materials Technology Group, there were some significant investments made in 2010 and because of the success of that investment and the growing revenue there, there have been some additional investments. I would think that, that will start to slow down, maybe certainly in fiscal 2012. I think we're looking at CapEx rate of $100 million a quarter kind of CapEx rate. You're probably likely to see that the next couple of quarters. But as we absorb that very rapid growth, I think that rate will start to slow down a bit. And the payback periods are relatively conventional and nothing out of the ordinary for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Tim, can you talk of the new areas, perhaps, that you've been able to leverage Green Point capabilities outside of high velocity? And can you give us some sense of the relative, either a mix or a growth rate between High Velocity and perhaps Enterprise & Infrastructure, or specifically for Green Point or the relative growth rates there?
Timothy Main: Just to be clear, Wamsi, the Jabil Green Point is in the Diversified Manufacturing Services area. You're probably saying is businesses outside of the Mobile Internet business. And we do have some of the unique capabilities in applied ingenuity and innovation capabilities that Jabil Green Point directed towards our Healthcare business and Life Sciences business. We think that will be very beneficial over the next few years, and help to differentiate Jabil's solution relative to other competitors and providers in our space. That said, that slope rate -- the next slope rate is not going to be nearly as rapid as their core businesses today. I think they will start to pay dividends -- well it's starting to pay dividend already, actually. There are new program wins that we're winning because of their capability today, and will become more material through our results in 2012 and 2013 as we continue to provide that integration. I wasn't clear on the question about Enterprise & Infrastructure, though, how that's related, if you could repeat that part of your question.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess I meant like sort of where, ultimately, Green Point Content goes or ends up as opposed to sort of where you recognize your revenues?
Timothy Main: It will continue to be reported in Diversified Manufacturing Services. And the areas of differentiation beyond the Mobile Internet are also in Diversified Manufacturing Services like Healthcare and Instrumentation and Industrial & Clean Tech. The diversification of their capabilities from Mobile Internet were in addition to the Mobile Internet products that they built today are in those two business areas specifically.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Tim, and with respect to Green Point, can you tell us where specifically you're targeting your investment, any particular investments already made in large metal casing capabilities?
Timothy Main: We made significant investments in fiscal 2010 that investment has continued in 2011 as success in that area has proven out. So I have to be -- I really can't answer specific questions about specific investments because that can get tied directly to customers and certain programs and aren't really -- not at liberty to do that.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: And Tim, you noted that you really can't talk a whole lot about Japan, but from a modification of impact or customer perspective, but when do you think you'll have enough information? I mean should we be expecting more of a mid-quarter update from you guys?
Timothy Main: We do not intend to provide any mid-quarter updates. And information continues to come in and become more discrete and granular. But we're not sure when it -- the behavior in the industry is such that people scramble like crazy. And you may not know until very late in the game and at any particular moment when a certain component will break free or the design engineers have come up with a design around, or an alternative component that requires some qualification. And you may be thinking that there's a significant impact to the business and then the qualification takes place with an alternative component, then suddenly you're able to run 24/7 and recover those deliveries. So it's really difficult even over the course of the quarter to provide any type of quantification. I think that I look at where this happened, and the people of Japan have shown culturally and historically have shown tremendous resilience. And I've got a lot of friends in Japan and our own employees and, gosh, if there's a group of people on the planet that will work 24 hours a day to recover schedules and capabilities on behalf of customers, these folks will do it. So it's likely to be in certain areas that scramble all quarter. And we just can't quantify that impact, and it'd be almost reckless for us to predict when we'd be able to provide any further guidance.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Timothy Main: And there’s no reason -- I might just also add, though, there's no reason to think -- if it ends up being an enormous impact, it's going to be an enormous impact for everybody. There's no reason to think that the impact of Jabil is going to be any different than anyone else's. And if the impact seems to be minimal and all the major OEMs in the world seem to be running at about the levels, there's no reason to think that we’ll be a heck of a lot different than that either. So our diversification, our capabilities, large Global Supply Chain strength, the ability to proactively work with customers, and potentially proactively help our smaller customers with workarounds in different components, I think are significant assets to Jabil and significant capabilities that will help us. So I think that -- I don't think that investors should think that there's anything unique about Jabil that would expose us to risks that are any different than the industry at large.
Wamsi Mohan - BofA Merrill Lynch: Actually one last one for me. This might be too premature, but any early indications of increased activity levels in Clean Tech after this disaster in Japan?
Timothy Main: A lot of talk so far. We'll see. Renewable energy, the world goes through cycles on these types of things. And we've seen cycles up and down, but I would think that renewable energy will enjoy a good cycle after this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Tim, you mentioned that you're gaining share in the wireless infrastructure and the storage segments for E&I. Is that with new customers or is that with existing customers, generally?
Timothy Main: Really, I hate to use -- using the term market share gains is a little bit of a misnomer. I mean we have enjoyed some new business wins that would be ramping in the mass production, and it's principally with existing customers.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then are there any other areas of the business, I assume in DMS, where you're seeing that you're gaining share whether with new customers or existing customers that you would emphasize?
Timothy Main: The interesting thing about DMS, Sherri, is that the secular trend to outsource the design manufacture and support of Healthcare & Instrumentation, Clean Tech and Industrial Products is increasing a great deal. So the penetration rate of our industry into that $500 billion available market is really only in the 10% to 15% range. So market share is much less of an issue in that area. It's really a growing market, a rapidly growing market. And the companies that can differentiate their capabilities will enjoy a greater portion of that overall market growth. And really, we think that’s -- what we're in a great position to do is to leverage our capabilities and unique differentiators that we have to garner more of the growth that's flooding into the marketplace and, really, put up strong numbers over the next few years.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. So the secular trend outsourcing there, would you say that trend is driving the 20% to 30% growth that you expect in that segment, or does that 20% to 30% include some share gains that you think you'll get above and beyond other players?
Timothy Main: It's really principally, that 20% to 30%, is principally about the growth of the market and our ability to develop a very strong franchise in that growing market. That's much, much less about market share.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then the investments you're making in DMS for the second half of the year, are those for new programs or -- with existing customers, or are those for new programs with the new customers, generally?
Timothy Main: The Healthcare & Life Science area has been a pretty robust new business pipeline, so there will be some investments there to support programs. And then healthcare programs ramp very slowly, but will contribute more in 2012 and 2011. But we will see that business area start to growth again in the second half of the year, and then continued investment with the existing customers.
Forbes Alexander: In addition, our upper markets, business there's some nice new wins there. We're hoping they'll continue investments also.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jim Suva from Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: I have a detailed question that I'll ask first, so then I can follow up with the other one while you guys look into this. I'm referring to Slide #19, 1-9, and that's entitled growth and improving portfolio mix. And there's four charts there. I actually had a few investors email me some questions that maybe you can help clarify. When we look at the first half of 2011 versus the second half of 2011, the green section basically more than doubles, and the red section basically gets cut in third. Maybe while you look at that chart, can you help us understand, is that what you expect your second half 2011 total company mix to be, or is that the portion of the growth that you see coming from that? Because it almost looks like high velocity is going to get cut in third. And maybe as you look at that and give that some thought, a little bit of an easier question is not as detailed chart specific. Tim, when you put in the CapEx last year in May and August, that was a bigger than normal CapEx ramp, has that ramped up halfway, fully on a run rate or where are we at in that stage? And was that CapEx focused on the diversified services or what segment?
Timothy Main: The big CapEx in 2010 was directed to Diversified Manufacturing Services, and that has fully ramped up into a complete utilization. And again, because of the success from that business area, we're making new investments. And our CapEx rate is likely to continue at $100 million for the next couple of quarters. On the depiction of the second half of 2011, that isn't necessarily an accurate depiction of the business mix, and we certainly don't mean to imply that high velocity is going to fall by half. So if you take a look at the full year 2011, that's probably a little better visual on how we would expect the year to end up. A little better performance in diversified manufacturing services and high velocity, and some pretty good growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure. We were already -- if you take a look at our guidance, we've got three-quarters of the year kind of in the barn, so there's no significant distortion that's going to happen in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of a boot on our part. We will try and make that pictorially more accurate next quarter.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: So the best way to think about that picture is that it's more the additional business coming in on top, not your future business mix?
Timothy Main: I think you could -- specifically, how we came up with the $8.4 billion, and you can do this math or we can talk about it later and just make sure we have the right numbers. So it's the actual results for the first half. Okay? And taking the midpoint of our guidance, so we said 6% growth in diversified manufacturing services, 8% growth in Enterprise & Infrastructure and 3% for high velocity. So just extend the percentages of the business in the first half, apply those sequential growth rates for the third quarter. And then for the fourth quarter, apply the midpoint of the long-term growth objectives, which is 20% to 30% in Diversified Manufacturing Services and 5% to 10% in High Velocity and Enterprise & Infrastructure. And that's how you come up with the number.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Okay, great, that's very clear, and it does show that then it is not what your future business mix is going to look like.
Timothy Main: That's right.
Beth Walters: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us for the call today for our fiscal second quarter and third quarter outlook. And we look forward to talking with you throughout the quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-06-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters – VP, IR & Communications Forbes Alexander – CFO Tim Main – President & CEO
Analysts: Steven Fox – CLSA Louis Miscioscia – Collins Stewart Amitabh Passi – UBS Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America Brian Alexander – Raymond James Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research William Stein – Credit Suisse Jim Suva – Citi Financial Sean Hannan – Needham & Company Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Patrick and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Ms. Walters, you may begin you conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter of 2010 fiscal year call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO Tim Main and Chief Financial Officer Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website jabil.com in the Investors section. The Q3 fiscal year 2010 press release and corresponding slides will also be posted there. In those slides you will find the financial information that we cover during this conference call as well as additional financial metrics and analysis that you may find helpful. You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the website and begin with slide two now. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our Company, and improvements in the operational efficiencies and in our financial performance. Statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2009; and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other Securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today’s call will begin with some comments and highlights from Forbes Alexander on our third fiscal quarter as well as some forward guidance on our fourth fiscal quarter. Tim Main will then have some macro environmental and Jabil specific comments about our performance, our model, and our current outlook before we open it up to questions from call attendees. I would now like to turn the call over to Forbes.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth, good afternoon everyone. I now ask you to turn to slides three and four, our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2010. On revenues of $3.5 billion, GAAP operating income was $96.5 million. This compares to a $7.8 million loss on revenue of $2.6 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges for the quarter was $132 million or 3.8% of revenue as compared to $29 million, or 1.1% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share were $0.40 as compared to $0.04 for the same period in the prior year. On a year-over-year basis for the quarter, revenue increased 32% while core operating net profits increased 355%. On a sequential basis, revenues have increased 15%. Our core operating income increased 38%. I now ask you to turn to slides five to eight as I comment on our revenues. The EMS dividend grew $256 million sequentially or 14% versus an expectation of 8%. Strong double-digit sequential growth across all but one sector and a return to growth in our telecom (inaudible). Revenue was $2.1 billion, representing approximately 61% total company revenue in the third quarter. Core operating income for the division was 5% of revenue. Our Consumer division represented approximately 33% of revenue or $1.15 billion in the third fiscal quarter; sequential increase of $118 million or 19% versus an expectation of 5%. Both the mobility sector and digital home office sectors producing strong double digit sequential growth. Core operating income for the division was 1% of revenue. Our Aftermarket Services division increased by 8% in the prior quarter to $211 million and represented approximately 6% of overall company revenues in the quarter. Core operating income for the division is approximately 8%. In the third fiscal quarter, two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenue and our top ten customers accounted for approximately 60% of total revenues. Our selling, general, and administration expenses increasing by approximately $4 million to $124 million, research and development costs $6.3 million, while intangibles and amortization was $6.2 million in the quarter. Stock-based compensation was $27.5 million in the quarter. The increase was primarily related to performance-based equity awards, which were previously deemed unlikely to vest in the fiscal year, but based on current expectations are now expected to fully vest. Our net interest expense for the quarter was $20 million. And the tax rate on net core operating income was 22%. I now ask you to turn to slides nine through 11 as I discuss our balance sheet and some of the key ratios. Our sales cycle in the third quarter contracted by one day to 16 days as a result of a one day reduction in days sales outstanding. We continue to generate cash flow from operations, producing $37 million while revenue grew 15% sequentially. Our return on invested capital was 22% in the quarter, approaching all-time record levels of return. We are very well-positioned to cross that mark in the upcoming quarter. Our cash and cash equivalent was $600 million at the end of the third quarter with no sums outstanding on our $800 million revolving credit facility. Cash balances also reflect a reduction in overall debt levels of approximately $50 million in the quarter. We are also pleased to know that during the quarter, we expanded our accounts receivable securitization facilities by $150 million providing us with continued cost-effective liquidity and flexibility as we continue to grow. Available liquidity at the end of the quarter on these facilities was approximately $175 million. Our net capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $127 million, but lower than our previous expectation of $150 million in the quarter. Our depreciation for the quarter was approximately $63 million with core EBITDA at $195 million, or 5.6% of revenue. In summary, we are pleased with the quarter’s results. Sequential revenue growth was 15% and core operating income at overall targeted levels. Exactly a year ago I discussed our overall financial operating goals. With this quarter’s results, we’ve achieved these goals. Working capital management remains well under control at 5% of annual revenue levels, while cash flow from operations for the third quarter produced $142 million while revenue grew 23% over the same time period. We are extremely well-positioned to continue to produce strong levels of EBITDA and positive cash flow from earnings over the coming quarters, providing us with ample liquidity to fund our continued growth. With our long-term target of annual revenue growth rates in a range of 10% to 15%, our business model is positioned to produce free cash flows of 25% to 35% of annual EBITDA dollars. In such an environment, we would expect investments in capital expenditures and working capital to approximate 15% of incremental annual revenue growth. Now I would like to turn to business update and some fourth quarter guidance and I would ask you to turn to slides 12 through 14. Before providing guidance I would like to advise you that we have recently entered into a letter of intent to divest our remaining manufacturing operations in France and Italy. Divested operations would include four sites and approximately 1500 people. Revenues associated with these sites total some $300 million annually and shall have no material impact on our overall operating margin performance on an ongoing basis. This transaction is expected to close during the course of the fourth fiscal quarter and is subject to final negotiations, customary regulatory periods in consultation with employees and their representatives. We anticipate a loss of approximately $0.05 per share associated with this divestiture to be recorded in the fourth fiscal quarter. Now turning to our overall guidance for the quarter. Revenue is estimated to grow sequentially in a range of 10% to 16%, or $3.8 billion to $4 billion. EMS division is expected to grow 8% sequentially while the Consumer division is expected to grow 25% sequentially. The Aftermarket Services division is expected to have consistent revenues with those of the third quarter. Core operating income is estimated to be in a range of $144 million to $160 million. The mid-point of our guidance reflects revenue growth of $1.1 billion, or 39% on a year-over-year basis and core operating income growth of $87 million, or 134% on a year-over-year basis. As a result, core operating margin is estimated to be in the range of 3.8% to 4%, and core earnings per share in the range of $0.44 to $0.50 per diluted share. Our selling, general, and administrative expenses are estimated to 3.3% of revenue. Research and development costs are estimated to be $7 million in the quarter while intangibles and [ph] amortization is expected to be $6 million. Stock-based compensation expense is estimated to be in the range of $15 million to $19 million depending on overall company performance in the fourth quarter. Our interest expense is estimated to be $21 million in the quarter. As from current levels of production, our tax rate is expected to be 20%. Capital expenditures are estimated to be $100 million in the quarter. This level of expenditure reflecting ongoing maintenance capital expenditures to support our ongoing revenue line. With that, I now ask you to turn to slide 15 and I will hand the call over to Tim Main.
Tim Main: Thank you, Forbes. I am going to depart a little bit from our typical conference call format and really spend a little bit more time talking about our business direction and what we are up to. If you turn to slide 15, just in terms of highlights, we are really entering now our second year of very robust recovery from our trough quarter and in fact if we look at the last 12 months, the last 12 months have been a record year. Last 12 months we’ve done $12.3 billion in revenue and recorded record core operating income of $400 million over that period. So, last 12 months have been pretty good. If we look at our sequential growth in healthcare, instrumentation, and industrial and a very rapid rebound in mobility on the previous quarter, we are very, very busy right now. New business pipeline and our ability to continue to grow the business, the combination of new business awards and gaining share of wallet with the existing customers and really making progress in targeted sectors has been very good. I think we are seeing some evidence of broader trends that we think will shape the industry for the next three to five years and we’ll talk a little bit about that in the next few slides and because of that and our position in our marketplace, we really believe that we are uniquely well-positioned for sustained growth and continued positive financial performance. Slide 16 please. With that in mind, I think it’s appropriate to just do a quick review of some of the tangible benefits we bring to bear on our customer relationships and what it actually is that we do for a living. I think it’s a much different value proposition today than it was 10 years ago and definitely different from what I believe investor perceptions are. And so some of the highlights of things that we today and this would be Jabil’s whilst some of the other folks in our industry. We really help customers localize supply chain to the consuming regions. I think that the way this will become interconnected and the growth in emerging markets being more and more important to our customer base. Our ability to command a global supply chain network for our customers is becoming increasingly important and critically important that we find ways to localize both supply chain to the consuming regions. Especially today, particularly when we approach the smaller customer relationships that we might have in the industrial, instrumentation, and healthcare segment, we are really doing a lot more of global supply chain consultation, design, and then implementation of that global supply chain network. We are seeing a resumption and very robust growth in virtualization companies that may be vertically integrated today that would like to globalize their supply chain and move some of that into a virtual model with Jabil. We really don’t understand the complexities of many abstracts of localizing supply chains and moving into that network and there is quite a bit of consultation and design work upfront with those customers. Total lifecycle management we think will become increasingly important over the next three to five years really going through the collaborative design process with customers, helping them go through new product introduction, broad based global launch of those products, fulfillment, and providing reverse logistics and aftermarket services to those customers, so complete lifecycle management. It becomes particularly important also in highly regulated industries like defense and aerospace and healthcare and life sciences were product lives are very long and component lives sometimes are very short. We have tools that help us analyze the bill of materials for those customers and really help them understand what they need to do to mitigate the risk of having parts of their bill of material go obsolete. Global logistics and final product fulfillment should be very familiar with investors today, but we have a set of very advanced tools that help our customers look at their total supply chain network and really pick through the many, many choices that there are today and what it means to build parts of their product in one part of the world, ship it into another for final integration, fulfillment somewhere else along with all of the variables associated with duties, logistics, transportation costs, what happens if oil cost increase and these types of things. So, we are doing a lot of work in that area with some advanced tools. I think everybody is familiar with our product development capabilities that continues to expand particularly in targeted markets. We provide many of the customers in emerging sectors important access to fully scaled procurement leverage and access to global markets. We find many customers that have a very good presence in North America and Europe that would like to establish a presence in Brazil and parts of Asia and we can help them do that. And then I think this is very appropriate given the recent things that have happened in Asia in the press that has covered it, we provide very good brand protection to our customers by having uniformly high global corporate and social responsibility standards. And we really believe this and we think it’s high-time that the world paid closer scrutiny to the supply base and we feel very good about our ability to continue to protect the brands of our customers. Slide 17 please. And with all of that in mind I think the last 12 years have been all in all asides from the negative experience in the great recession and the dotcom bust, have been a period of very outstanding growth for the Company. I think it’s a good idea that we visit our track record. Over the last 12 years, our Company has grown revenue and operating income at a faster pace than the industry overall and we think we are on the cusp of another period of very strong expansion. Slide 18 please. Margins for the Company have expanded rapidly as we focused on cost and lean manufacturing to better leverage our revenue growth. You see metrics here from Q3. Across quarter EBITDA margins have rebounded over 200%. Gross margins are in good shape and operating margins have also expanded. We will produce approximately $750 million in EBITDA in fiscal 2010. That’s about $244 million higher than it was in the previous year. Our total debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA today is trending below 2:1. It think it’s just over 2:1 in this quarter. The mid-point of guidance will go below 2:1. We believe that provides us ample support for expansion. And if you really just look at the mid-point of fiscal Q4 guidance, the Company will produce $3.43 per share of EBITDA and so that’s I think kind of an interesting metric to review in light of where we’ve been. Slide 19 please. Latest quarter EBITDA margins compared to our peer group industry average. The names of the companies are highlighted at the bottom of the slide. As you can see, based on the most recently reported quarter, we are exceeding the industry average in terms of margins. Slide 20 please. With that in mind and really now that we are in the second year of rising results with margins and return on invested capital at acceptable level, I think the question is really where do we go from here and how can we generate additional profitability in our business. Number one of course we will SG&A as we continue to grow revenue and I think investors can expect us to continue to focus on controlling SG&A cost and provide that operating expense leverage. But another important element is a more fundamental change to the balance of our portfolio of markets served. And this distinguishes areas of our business that we regard as more mature; a little bit more cost focused areas and areas that are more growth focused I would like to distinguish the EMS assembly part of mobility from the materials and technology services part of mobility. We report those sectors together, but they are very distinct in terms of the profitability profiles of the business and our go-forward strategy. Today, the mobility EMS portion of our business; digital home office, which includes our printing business, set top business; and our date center IT, which would encompass networking, telecommunications as well as computing and storage, comprise about 61% of our overall revenue. While Aftermarket Services, emerging growth sectors, the defense and aerospace, instrumentation and industrial, clean teach, which combined is a billion dollar business for us today, and the healthcare and life sciences area of our business and then the Jabil Green Point Materials Technology portion of our business comprises 39% of our revenue. So, with that as background, that is where we are today. Let’s move to slide 21. Longer term, our strategy is to place more emphasis and investment in the sectors on the right part of the right hand side of the pie chart. And I would like to point out that the differing growth rates that we would expect long term for these sectors not because any of these are less attractive in terms of customers that we serve. In fact we have great customers and important relationships throughout this area, but in terms of where we think growth will come from over the next three to five years and the sectors on the right hand side of this pie [ph] chart we are targeting 50% of our revenue in these sectors. Our expected long-term growth in these areas is 20% to 30%. The sectors on the left hand side which will be a little bit more cost and efficiency focused, we would expect the growth rate to be a little over in the 5% to 10% range. And we believe that in the end, three to five years out this will fundamentally change the margin structure and profitability of the Company and help us to continue to drive operating margins above 4% long term. And of course return on invested capital we believe at the mid-point of guidance return on invested capital in Q4 will be approximately 25% and we think we can run the business at an ROIC of – as high as 30% depending on market conditions and where we are in the business cycle. Slide 22, I think there is strong evidence that the Company can drive this growth particularly in these targeted segments. Our experience has been very positive since 2004 and we are seeing acceleration in that growth year-over-year from 2009 to 2010 with about a 33% year-over-year growth rate in the sectors of instrumentation, industrial and healthcare, Aftermarket Services, and aerospace and defense. These businesses alone now make up approximately 30% of our business. It’s a $4 billion business today. So, a very strong growth rate since 2004, strong growth over 2009. And we think we have a value proposition, which is very attractive for customers in very sizable growth markets. These markets tend to be – have very low penetration rates. The level of outsourcing ranging from 10% to 15% depending whose data you read and this is a very large industry combined $200 billion to $300 billion for us. So, we feel like we have desirable value proposition for very attractive customers in these sizable growth markets. Slide number 23. We really believe that best companies in our industry can grow and I think the good news here is that the industry overall is growing and this slide is really not about taking business from other people in the business. In fact, very little of that happens in our industry. I mean incumbency is very variable and it’s not common for us to take business from each other. But in terms of the pie growing and Jabil’s ability to garner more than a fair share of that growth is something that we are very focused on as a management team. We’ve done that since calendar year 2004. You can see our growth rate since calendar year 2004 has been 12%. And five competitors that are typically associated with North American EMS space have not been able to grow at that rate. Slide 24 please. We talk about top five drivers of sustainable growth for our business because I think it’s important that we really take a look at what the foundation of our business is and we are really driving to deliver our customers superior operational performance, service, and quality. And if we do that we can garner a greater share in an industry that is out pacing and has outpaced macroeconomic growth for really the last 22 to 25 years. I have been here since 1987 and industry has shown year-over-year growth in all of the – throughout that period. So, it is an industry that out paces macroeconomic growth and as Jabil continues to focus on superior operational performance, service and quality for our customers, I think we continue to garner a greater share of growth in that industry. Secondly, we are really seeing accelerated growth in target market sectors. A little bit different driver, a couple of very good trends in our favor, one is that we are in early stage of virtualization in healthcare and life science, industrial markets, instrumentation, and defense and aerospace. But again this is process where the sectors are very lowly penetrated by our industry and we have a lot of needs that we have a value proposition for. It helps them growth global place and we think we are in good shape to continue to take advantage of that trend. I think we’ve also been an early mover to capitalize on the global trend to smart grid, better energy, alternative energy generation, transmission, and management. And again this a billion dollar business for us a today and has been growing at mid double digits for the last couple of years. Three, we do believe we're in sustainable expansion of advanced IT and communications infrastructure, really a convergence of many drivers, but our IT facing areas of our business began to recover in the summer of ’09 have continued to show very strong growth and we expect to continue to see that for probably the next two or three years. And some important drivers behind that trend, social network and streaming video requires a lot of additional bandwidth and storage. Corporate governance document retention requirements in terms of – particularly North America but also in Europe. The productivity that IT investments provide to big companies like Jabil, we’ve actually been modernizing our IT infrastructure as well. IT refresh, many companies delayed their procurement of IT related capital expenditures throughout the recession and there is certainly a significant catch up. And growing affluence in China and India, Latin America and really the what many people refer to as the BRIC countries, folks don’t want the low end cell phone anymore, they want phones with cameras and streaming video that requires more bandwidth, that requires a more sophisticated wireless infrastructure, all of these converging we think to provide a sustainable expansion of advance IT and communications infrastructure. Four, the trend to total lifecycle management is very well aligned, which enables comprehensive portfolio of services, collaborative design, global logistics fulfillment and Aftermarket Services. And fifth, increasing global complexity favor fully scaled and sophisticated service providers. It’s less about subassembly price today and more about total solution and compressing total cost around the world and having expertise and knowledge about how to do these things rather than the cost of labor in any particular geography. And we think this is a trend that will continue to take place in our industry and favor fully scaled sophisticated global suppliers with a rich global footprint and a rich set of capabilities and services. Slide 25, and let’s not forget the post recessionary period of expansion that our Company has gone through time and time again. This chart begins in fiscal 1992 for Jabil. I think we made $7 million in total core operating income in fiscal 1992, take us through fiscal 2010. The shaded areas represent recessionary periods. The early 90s was a recessionary period. Of course the dotcom bust followed by 9/11 was a recessionary period and then the great recession that we’ve all just survived and lived through. The post recession expansion has been extremely robust in each case. Now, post 1993, the Company went on a six, seven year great run of growth after the industry – after the 2001-2002 recession, another significant expansion over multi-year time period. And we think again we are on a very handsome growth trajectory as we come out of the latest recession. So, in summary, our presence is growing in targeted sectors. And we expect that to be complemented by strong growth in our smart phone exposure and mechanical components in the upcoming quarters. We really remain focused on execution and satisfying our customer. They have increasingly complex needs in a rapidly changing world. And we think we are in a good position to help them work through those issues and challenges. And we expect to increase our share in those targeted markets and deliver – continue to deliver strong financial results consistent with our long-term objectives.
Beth Walters: Operator, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox from CLSA.
Steven Fox – CLSA: Hi, good afternoon. Tim, I appreciate all the direct comments regarding some of the labor and wage related issues that have been in the papers lately. I was wondering if I can get you to talk a little bit more about that in terms of what does it mean for your business longer term? You mentioned to start off with that businesses and usually very transient once a program is won, but what are the global advantages and maybe some disadvantages that play into your suite of offering maybe over next 12 to 24 months?
Tim Main: Right. You know, great question. First of all, cost escalation in China is really not a new thing and there will be – Yuan has been appreciating against the dollar for the last three, four years. And taxes have been going up. Wage rates have been going up continuously. Minimum wages were increased several times over the last couple of years. Now, having said all that, we have been paying folks in our China operations generally above the minimum wage. You know the cost escalation that we’ve seen recently removes the bit of the cushion but we think that impact to our business we see no labor strife, no demonstrations, no strikes, no other disruptions to our production. And we’ll deal with that on a basis as it comes up and presents itself to us, but we don’t expect any disruptions to our business. And we are very proud of the way we treat our people and the way we pay our people and work our people. So, we think we are in good shape there particularly relative to some of the practices of companies that are headquartered and based in that part of the world. Having said that, we think it makes heck of a lot of sense for Jabil to continue to maintain a global manufacturing footprint. We have a very competitive site in Penang, Malaysia, competitive site in Vietnam, competitive sites in India. And we have great sites in Eastern Europe and in Mexico. Continued escalation of cost particularly in China for a large scale production of big IT equipment, for example, will make operations in Mexico and Eastern Europe look a little bit better. And I think the decisions that OEMs will have to make about where a product gets built, how the supply chains come together is going to become more complex as the playing field goes through some fundamental changes. And I think we are at the end of one era here of go vertical big in one locational world and that’s China. And that’s the answer to your supply chain. I mean that’s been kind of the decade from 2000 and where we are today. That curve [ph] is inflated, it’s over. Everybody is in China. Everybody is where they need to be in the world. Nobody has got an advantage in terms of the labor cost or base cost. And now it’s, how effective you are in managing the supply chain, how effective you are at transparently running through the various manufacturing ops and then being execute and deliver on delivering products that will be manufactured in multiple plants around the world and how responsible you are – responsive you are in managing demand and supply chain networks. So we think it’s the beginning of a new era and that era will be more complex and play to the hands of companies that have sophisticated IT systems and a broad based global footprint.
Steven Fox – CLSA: Great. Thanks very much.
Tim Main: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Louis Miscioscia. Louis, your line is open.
Louis Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Okay, thank you. I am in an airport, so apologize for background noise that comes through. I guess, Tim, appreciate you know a good quarter. Let me start with that and appreciate the color on how the mix is changing. One thing obviously that obviously got $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion of revenues. You said about 10% to 15% incremental operating margin dollars in that incremental dollar. Do you have a new number for us? Obviously I can do the math on the information you gave, but just haven’t had the chance to do that yet.
Tim Main: Yes, we are really – the margin expansion we talked about for the last year was really from a trough quarter. So we are not really talking about margin expansion much anymore. We think 3.8%; we are in the zip code of where we expect it to be at this point in terms of revenue. We think we can continue to expand profitability longer term through portfolio management and leveraging SG&A expenses (inaudible) quarter to quarter it depends on the mix of our business. So no leverage metrics to track any more.
Louis Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Okay. Two question, they are big picture question. Aren’t you all concerned about Europe and wonder if you can comment if you saw any changes in demand in Europe and the – obviously a very strong quarter-to-quarter growth numbers that you gave for all the industries and those are helpful. Could you also help us out with how much you think is new wins and how much of that is organic? Thank you.
Tim Main: I can't help you much not because I wouldn’t like to but in terms of quarter to quarter we had a very robust recovery in mobility and that’s due to –due primarily to good demand, but also a broadening of our portfolio and the number of products that we build for a small set of customers in that sector. So that was important. We saw 12%, 13% sequential growth in the instrumentation and industrial and medical sector, which is a very strong growth, the second double digit sequential growth that we’ve seen in consecutive quarters. That’s all organic growth that existing customers’ share of wallet, new assemblies, all that kind of stuff. You know, the rest of it was just kind of a rising tide and organic growth. We are seeing more service adoption and the new business wins velocity is increasing. So, we feel pretty good about that.
Louis Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Okay. And then just on the macro environment that you are seeing – couple of other companies have making to do–?
Tim Main: So about – I think we believe that it’s about 30% to 31% of our production ends up in Europe is bound of Europe. So it’s based on European consumption. Right now we’ve seen very little change to forecast, very little impact. Not to say that we won't, I mean we always have to be cautious. But I think that the hysteria that was going around a couple of weeks ago is probably over blown I mean that the major economies in Europe that are may be struggling with (inaudible) are showing some growth (inaudible) countries like Greece and Spain and Portugal are very important. They are just not as big economies as France, Germany, U.K., Italy and the Scandinavian countries and it’ just –we think to put things in proportion, we are not seeing any kind of major disruptions in our business.
Louis Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Okay.
Tim Main: Getting a lot of background noise now, Lou.
Operator: And we move on to our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi from UBS.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Hi, thank you. Can you hear me?
Tim Main: Yes. Yes we can.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay, thanks. First question just had to do with your sequential increase in inventories up $200 million plus. Just wondering if you can give us some color in terms of what the driving factors were again given the strength in mobility has a lot of that skewed to the dynamics in the mobility segment or is some of that sort of an anticipation of again the strong mobility growth that you expect to see in the August quarter, so incremental color around some of the inventory new build would be great.
Tim Main: No we are seven turns. You know our sales cycle is consistent with the previous quarter and so really what you are seeing here are heavier inventory investments and customers really mitigating the risk associated with those inventory investments with faster receivable collections and kind of on a very cautious basis. So we are able to manage our sales cycle in a period of a higher level of inventory investment. Having said that, we think inventory investment at this point is very – is a smart investment. It’s very little risk, it helps JABIL and our customers to optimize and capture as much revenue as they can while the demand is there. The material – the continuity of supply issues are still – are still there before the market. I mean component shortages are spreading across multiple industry sectors. We are still – it’s still very challenging to manage mix. And so we are hand and month in a number of areas. All the inventory is purchased through a customer purchase order so there is very little down side risk to it in terms of ownership.  We have a demonstrated ability and a 90-day window to liquidate inventory. To the extent that business closed down, we’ll be able to liquidate that investment very rapidly, so it is not driven by any – you asked about mobility. It’s not driven by any particular industry segments. When I look at may be IT areas and higher mix segments of our mix, little bit slower inventory turns and the higher velocity parts of our business it’s always been true. But anywhere you see a higher mix business, we are carrying additional inventory and we think that’s a smart investment and we’ll continue to work, try to work that level back up to an eight turns and – but for right now we think it’s a very low risk investment for us.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay. And then just one other question for you. You know when you show your business breakdown now you kind of break out the mobility EMS segment versus the mobility technology services segment, which is part of Jabil Green Point. Again, just wondering as we look over the next quarter, the 25% growth in mobility, are you able to give us any sense as part of this pie growing faster than the other particularly in the August quarter?
Tim Main: Well, the assembly side of the business, the EMS side of mobility will grow faster. It’s a – you know you are talking about an electronic assembly with a much higher bill of material content than mechanical components. So that’s a higher revenue, lower margin, higher asset velocity business. And on the mechanical side, it tends to be higher margin, higher investment, actually pretty good velocity in terms of being a high volume low mix business but a higher fixed asset investment per dollar or revenue than what you see in the EMS assembly side of mobility. So, when we get burst [ph] in demand you’ll see the revenue grow higher in the EMS side than you will the mechanical side. Having said that, we are in a period of very strong expansion of our mechanics business and we continue to ramp production there and we’ll continue through the August quarter and into the November quarter. So, we are still very excited about the – what’s on the horizon for us there.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay. And then finally, do you have the precise percentages for your two 10% plus customers?
Tim Main: We don’t.
Forbes Alexander: Not to hand.
Tim Main: We don’t think that we provide that other than on annual – on an annual basis.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay. Thanks.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Banc of America.
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America: Thanks a lot. Tim, your investments in Green Point have truly driven some of the strength in you guidance here. Can you talk about perhaps the sustainability of the strength I mean sort of through the course of the next three or four quarters. And secondly where else outside of mobility are you currently leveraging Green Point? I think you’ve mentioned medical in the past. When should we start to start to expect a more material revenue contribution from those areas?
Tim Main: Yes so just why don’t you just kind of calibrate – the revenue growth is primarily driven by the EMS, the assembly side of mobility. And again, the mechanics part of mobility will be a lower revenue business. Having said that, we believe that we’ll continue to grow the mechanics business in mobility at a much more rapid rate than has happened over the last couple of years. And you asked a great question about fertilization [ph] into our healthcare business, potential areas of automotive and other sectors. And we believe that will take place but that’s a longer term prospect. So I – you really need to think about the contributions in other sectors of our business from Green Point in terms of – over the next couple of years, not over the next couple of quarters.
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America: Okay, thanks. And you alluded to this portfolio (inaudible) growing from 60-40 to 50-50 longer term. Clearly the 40 you are just translating to 50 is much higher mix, higher margin, including Green Point there. So, how should we think about the sort of operating margin given the op mix of revenues?
Tim Main: 60:40 versus 50:50?
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America: Yes.
Tim Main: Yes, when it gets to 50:50, we’ll see.
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America: Alright, thanks a lot.
Tim Main: It’s – you know by my definition it should be better than 3.8 but there will be a lot of moving parts over the next few years. So we do think – really the point there is from here, now that we are at 22 going to 25% return on invested capital, we are right around a 4% operating margin. If not next quarter then certainly within a clear shot of where we are today. The question becomes is there – where do we go from here? How do we get additional margin expansion, better profitability in the business, and incrementally that will come from leveraging SG&A expenses and shifting our portfolio more towards those higher mix, lower volume segments, just a little bit more value-add rich.
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America: Great. Thanks a lot.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander from Raymond James.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Yes, may be to follow up on that last question in terms of that 50:50 long-term split you are expecting between traditional EMS and (inaudible) solutions for a lack of a better term relative to your longer term of 4% operating margins,. I guess the question are you expecting margins to expand on both sides of that pie chart or do you think there could be some degradation in one side of the pie chart that could offset some of the favorable mix because I guess to the last question, it would seem that your margins could actually get closer to five based on that longer term split. Thanks.
Tim Main: Right. Well, you know, I think it’s rational and reasonable to think that commodities – that the cycle of commoditization continues and I – we don’t expect a lot of margin erosion in the more mature sector, but they are definitely be more cost focused and efficiency focused. So, driving cost out of the system, lean manufacturing, more collaborative design, shifting the services from assembly and fulfillment to assembly, fulfillment, and aftermarket services and collaborative design and the other things that we can do as a business to add to our value proposition for customers there. I think it’s rational to think that as healthcare, life sciences, clean tech continue to grow in size and scale to our industry that there will be some commoditization there as well. So there should be some offsetting commoditization and margin erosion over long period of time. Having said that, if you really kind of do the math and think about tech [ph] correctly I think you are thinking the right way about it, I believe. If you are 3.8% to 4% today and you are able to continue to drive lean manufacturing to support mature segments, and you are able to rapidly grow these emerging sectors then we should be moving beyond 4%, closer to that 5% over time.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Great. And then just back to the quarter you just reported, the revenue upside. You guys are pretty good at predicting revenue on quarterly basis and you just beat the high end of your guidance I think by $150 million in a demand environment that most would agree probably hasn’t improved a whole lot over the last couple of months. So, I know you have some larger programs ramping, may be talk about whether that mobility ramp, which it sounds like it isn’t, was well above your expectation, but as you go back to that and just how are you feeling about customer inventory levels in the context of the revenue upside you just experience in particularly the explosive growth you saw in industrial and networking. Thanks.
Tim Main: Right. Yes, those are great questions. You know we generally are better at forecasting our revenue. I think we did a – may be a – we didn’t do a very good job handicapping in a number of risk factors into our Q3 guidance. We were in a very tight material market, we still are, but very tight material market, a number of complex launches of mobility platforms that we weren’t sure how quickly they’d come out of the gates. And they did a little bit better than expected. And we just are winning more business than may be we have historically counted on. So I think all of those things combined really surprises a little bit on the revenue side. I think this time as we look at Q4, we always try and be a little bit conservative but we are trying to give you a pretty fair picture of where we think the revenue strength is and what the quarter is actually likely to turn out and trying to not handicapping as much of the risk factors and as maybe we did in the May quarter. Some good reasons for that, mobility platforms have launched, we kind of know where they are. We are doing a better job of managing the material constraints using tools that we have and demand, supply chain optimization. We are doing a better job of I think communicating what customers can expect from us in terms of throughput and therefore expectations in providing commitments to their customers. So, all of that leads us to a little bit more of a – little bit more confidence around the kind of sequential growth that we are forecasting for the August quarter.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Great. Thank you and congrats again.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: Hi, Tim. Congrats on the quarter. First question, just with the mobility business. As we look at say into the August and November quarters, is there a potential upside to the EBIT margins we witnessed this quarter that 1%? Was it may be affected just by the additional depreciation being added and where can kind of those margins go within the consumer business for the next few quarters?
Tim Main: Yes, it’s a fair point. 1% is definitely not at a targeted margin. And I would expect that business on an annual basis to be in the 2.5% o to 3.5% range. And we are going through some – we are actually going through some costly ramps and a significant ramp of a costly program in the mechanical area of the business and launching a number of new programs still in the August quarter in the electronic assembly side. So that’s definitely lot of pressure on the margin side. I think by the time we get into the November quarter, I would expect much better margin performance from that part of the business.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on the capital spending within the mobility business. Do you think you will be down with kind of the large I guess capital program here within the August quarter or should we expect more in early fiscal ’11?
Tim Main: I think we’ll be done with the significant investment we talked about last quarter.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: Okay. And then the final question is I know when you announced the capital investment last quarter, there was the expectation that you’d expect to see other customers begin to take interest in the more mechanical side. I guess kind of what has been customer interest level or response so far?
Tim Main: We are not marketing it broadly right now. We are very, very into the launching the program that we are responsible for now and similar to the medical discussion we think that’s something we – I’d ask people to (inaudible) thinking about in terms of quarterly buckets [ph] and think a little bit longer term. We’ll be very busy with the ramp that we are going through right now through the August quarter. I think throughput and expectations will be much closer to where we wanted to be by the November quarter and really about early in calendar 2011 we’ll be able to may be sit back and look at hey, let’s approach other customers in other industry sectors to see if e can broaden the appeal of that investment. So, we are probably six to nine months away from being (inaudible).
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of William Stein from Credit Suisse.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. I am wondering if you can comment, Tim, on lead times and shortages and perhaps relate that to inventory with (inaudible) anything to do with the inventory build on the quarter?
Tim Main: Yes, sure, we talked probably actually in a previous question that the supply constraints continue and really haven’t improved much from the February quarter. Kind of a same-same and it’s really gone into sectors like goods and even healthcare customers are seeing some issues in getting supplies. So that’s been difficult. So, look, I mean it’s – if we look at it, we think that an additional investment of – an additional investment in inventory right now is a smart bet for us. Again, it allows us do a better job of managing mix, it allows us to help customers capture revenue in the marketplace and it’s just too difficult to predict at this point day to day what’s going to show up and what we can ship. So – and demand is going up. So, it’s a very low risk way for us to hedge against component shortages. So it definitely has something to do with why we are seven turns and not eight or nine.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: So, it sounds to me like this is not a matter of incomplete chips because you had a supplier who failed to deliver because of a shortage, it’s more of a strategic investment. Is that fair?
Tim Main: That’s fair. You know, it isn’t an incomplete kit on a single program customer because of a single device. Broadly speaking though, it is because people are fearful of incomplete kits and being lying down. So a more significant investment in inventory allows us to do a better job of managing mix. So people need to realize that I think it’s 70%, 80% of our output is still from lot quantities of 100 or less. May be it’s 200 or less; a very, very high mix business today. But it’s cost to manage a high mix business in an environment of material constraint. And I think if you look at people in our peer group, something like Flex probably turns inventory I am not sure what it is, but four or five times. I think they are running a business that’s kind of a proxy for what our instrumentation, industrial, and medical segment would look like and you know so it’s just it’s tough to get good inventory velocity even though revenue is going up in an environment where material constraints are so looking around every corner. So, it is a strategic investment. Customers are asking us to do that. We are responding with additional investments. The sales cycle has been expanding appreciably as many customers are mitigating the additional investment in inventory with accelerated accounts receivable payments. And we’ll continue to work closely with customers to mitigate our risk and yet allow them to capture as much revenue as they can.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: That’s very helpful. One follow-up if I can. It looks like this new investment in Green Point in starting to pay off much – it seems much more quickly and successfully than kind of the first initial go you had in the components business a few years ago. Thinking longer term, are there other verticals that you might attempt to go into or other products that we might see coming out of Green Point in the next coming quarters?
Tim Main: No, I think we are pretty set in terms of where we think it’s smart for us to invest in vertical integration. Again, I think over time, the Materials Technology Services area of our business and that’s really an intentional new brand for that part of our business and it connotes the strategic intent to broaden the mechanical operations there into the healthcare industry, life sciences and other important parts of our business. So, that’s just, it’s more than just a label change for us. It does have meaning to it. It won't be meaningful to the overall business for the next – for another year or so. And we think that’s important. In terms of vertical integration, I think on a – one off, here and there joint venture to provide enclosures in a particularly difficult field [ph], localizing supply chains, for instance in India. When we first started building set top boxes in India, we invested in a present – in a current mechanical supplier to place in operation in India in order to localize the supply chain. So here and there we’ll find parts of the world where the supply base is inadequate locally and make investments to ensure ourselves of world-class supply. But other than that I don’t expect to see – you should expect us to make any additional big investments in vertical integration.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Helpful. Thanks very much.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citi Financial.
Jim Suva – Citi Financial: Thank you and congratulations. It looks like your mobility really at least if we look at the different segments of the Consumer segment growing 19 versus 5% and mobility of 20%, 23% I really think that was really the biggest upside and may be if you can just let me know if that is indeed correct and was that more from the growing of this new big CapEx program you put in or, Tim, I thought I heard you mention a few minutes earlier or ago that the materiality of that won't come for some future time period.
Forbes Alexander: Jim, yes, Forbes. You are correct. Tim’s characterization there was these investments will start to bear fruit in the coming few quarters. The upsides here mobility were – as we talked about earlier, ramping some electronics production and that continues in this upcoming fourth quarter. And in some of our revenue guidance, we – perhaps we haven’t handicapped fully the nature of these ramps, the timing of these ramps. So we are very pleased with that, with the way those ramps are – occurred in the third quarter and how they continue in Q4. But, as I say, it’s principally electronics based. There is some contribution from mechanicals area. But that will start to bear fruit as we move forward here.
Tim Main: Yes, if anything we had margin headwinds from the mobility area because the growth in electronic assembly was much more robust than the mechanical side. And we are growing through the ramp process with that mechanical investment. So don’t expect that to be profitable during the ramp period. And so if anything, we had headwinds there. And I think it’s, we have overdrive, very good efficiencies in the rest of the business and deliver a 50 basis point improvement on operating margins. So we felt that was at least a pretty decent performance given the circumstances.
Jim Suva – Citi Financial: Great. And that exactly lead me to my short follow up is if that’s the case, which I assumed it was, it seems hard to believe why 4% is the run rate, why the 4% operating margin shouldn’t be much higher when you are facing such – the ramps that you did and the large CapEx involvement and the ramping and the yield should improve that it seems like you know 4% should be kind of more the base line rather than the target goals and you know it was just a few years ago when you were consistently for multiple course setting 4.5% margin. So Forbes in 10 year kind of given a history overview for a good junk of this earnings call. May be you can talk about should we be looking at going back to 4.5% or why shouldn’t we be.
Tim Main: I don’t think there is any reason that what you are saying isn’t true. What you are saying probably is true. We just haven’t provided any guidance beyond the August quarter and we try not to back into that and I know people are going to struggle kind of what the heck am I going to put in my 2011 model now. Company is doing about $4 billion of revenue and – that implies at least $16 billion number in 2011 and what kind of operating margins like, yes, we’ll provide as much help as we can when we get to the September call. That’s what we can do right now. I mean I wouldn’t argue with you a lot. There is lots and lots of risk in the business. You know there is lots of things that can go up in the night. There is – you know there is still people say there is going to be double dip and we don’t see that. So – I think what we are saying is to say don’t ever expect us to go over 4%. It’s – this economic model works great where we are. I mean if we do 3.8% to 4% operating margins in the August quarter, we are going to drive 25% return on invested capital. I mean at that level of loan and a $16 billion 2011, we’ll drive almost $1 billion in EBITDA and probably drive 30% to 35% free cash flow after paying interest, dividends, and CapEx, and working capital consumption and everything else. So, yes, the margins can go beyond 4%, but where we are today is something that fundamentally is very sound.
Jim Suva – Citi Financial: Thank you and congratulations to you and your team for a good quarter and great outlook.
Tim Main: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan from Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan – Needham & Company: Yes, good evening. So, I am going to keep it to one question that kind of multi-part. Jim, thanks a lot for the strategy comments. That was actually I think very useful. When you look at this space today and you talk about the pie growing, gaining share of wallet of you customers, you talked about as well some examples of increasing efforts around life cycle management, consultation, et cetera. Can you share some of your views on how this may make your relationships more sticky the importance of that in your approach and then when you look competitively, how do you expect others in the industry to execute on similar type of approach?
Tim Main: Great question. I mean it’s really all about making these relationships so fundamentally powerful and the group of companies so small, that we must be one of two or three manufacturing partners to the most attractive companies in the world. I mean that’s what it’s all about. And our ability to do that if we were just say, we could be the best circuit board assembler in the world or we are just going to provide commoditized service from low cost regions, we shut down more plants, we jettisoned more SG&A, we wouldn’t invest in design, we wouldn’t make the investments that we were making over the last 10, 15 years. You know we think the world is changing. Every seven, eight years, the world seems to change fundamentally in our industry and in 2001-2002 the world changed in the direction of Asia. And Asia will continue to be extremely important, but its’ importance will become less as the factory to the world and more as a consumption reasons and growing affluence and what does the rise of the rest of the world mean to the United States and North America and the more mature economies.  So the world is going to change again. And it’s going to be very complex and the companies with the best IT systems, the best footprint, the best lean operations, the best systems to be able to connect all of the complexity around the world into something that’s understandable and simpler to manage, and has a very passionate, powerful culture of people that care like crazy about their customers, I mean those are the companies that are going to win. And we don’t think – we think there is really just a handful of companies out there that can provide that. Now customers want to have two or three suppliers in many cases and guess it will be big parts of the business that we don’t even touch. I mean we’ll never build a PC again. We’ll probably never build a notebook computer, but for anybody in the world with complex needs where the customer is providing software engineering, product design, any high mix requirements, regulated industries, those are the types of customers that we think we’ll be ideally suited for and we think that’s a big expanding market. And I think that it’s going to put folks that haven’t invested in systems and tools and don’t have a cohesive culture at risk and the companies that do have cohesive cultures and great systems and can make the investments I think will prosper. And there will be a number of companies in our industry that will do very, very well in that kind of environment.
Sean Hannan – Needham & Company: That’s great. Thanks, Tim.
Tim Main: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. My questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We move on to our next question, which is from Alex –
Beth Walters: Operator, operator, this will have to be our last question please.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. This will be our question from Alex Blanton from Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Just made it. Thank you. Just quickly, the tax rate again for this year what you are expecting?
Forbes Alexander: The core rate for the year will be 20% and for the fourth fiscal quarter also 20%.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: 20% versus 32% on the year just ended right?
Forbes Alexander: On a core basis it was also 20%.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Core basis is what we are talking about, right?
Forbes Alexander: Yes.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay 20%. Thank you. Tim, you mentioned that the targeted growth sectors on slide 21, they are growing at 33% for you or for the industry?
Tim Main: For Jabil. Now that would – I don’t have the slide in front of me – well I think it was about $4.1 billion–
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: (inaudible) and $3 billion in fiscal ’09.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, so that’s –
Tim Main: So, that’s about a 33% growth rate year-over-year.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: That’s the growth rate for the past year.
Tim Main: Yes.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: And you said $200 billion to $300 billion total available market?
Tim Main: Yes. When you consider all of those industries combined, it’s several 100 billion dollars of addressable market. We think the penetration rate is relatively low.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes. Do you have any forecast or a statistics on that penetration rate? What is it do you think–?
Tim Main: It’s different in – for instance in healthcare and life sciences, it’s in the 15% range.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: In the industrial and instrumentation area, it’s probably 15% to 20% range.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay.
Tim Main: Aftermarket Services I am not sure what the outsource percent is but the significant opportunity there is that even the stuff that’s outsourced is outsourced in a very fragmented, disorganized way. So there is a tremendous opportunity for us to provide a more rational solution to customers even though it’s outsourced. There are very few big players that have dominated that industry. So, that’s a significant opportunity for us.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So the 200 and 300 includes aftermarket?
Tim Main: Yes.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And – I had one other one here. Listen, let me just ask you about Nokia. I don’t know if you can talk about that. But they pulled a lot of stuff back in house last year because they said we’ve got factories and we’re going to use them. What do you expect from Nokia going forward?
Tim Main: Our Nokia revenue is very small, now immaterial to our revenue stream. We went through that negative experience with Nokia back in 2007 and thankfully we are through that, going on three years now.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So that’s not in – you are not expecting much of a bump from them at all then?
Tim Main: No, I would love to do more business with business but strictly in the mechanics area.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: Because I tell you what, we avoid like the plague competing with big vertical customers internal factories if they are not strategically committed to outsource. Because you get it in any of these soft economic periods, and they pull stuff back inside.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes, okay.
Tim Main: For that, we avoid that.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: One final thing. If I used the high end of your EPS guidance range for the next quarter and the mid range, mid-point of your sales guidance range, it implies about a $0.10 there. It’s the top end of your range, $0.50. It implies about 6% incremental margin on the additional sales to get there. Does that seem low to you, 6% incremental on – at this time or not?
Tim Main: Not given where we are today the mobility sector and particularly the electronics assembly sector is driving a lot of the growth in Q4. So there is margin headwind against us in terms of the Q4 guidance. I think we are really going to stop talking about, Alex, to the operating leverage side of it because we are in a range of performance now where we’d like investors to think about this is a good business that 3.8% to 4% operating margins if you just take what this company is going to do in fiscal Q4, Q1 and spin that out into fiscal ’11 it’s a $16 billion business that wants to run at 3.8% to 4% operating margin, that will produce $1 billion in EBITDA. That will produce free cash flow of 30%, 35% and you know that’s a good business.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Tim Main: And so we’d ask people to stop thinking about that quarter to quarter at this point, you know they will be fluctuating from how much leverage there is.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Well, as long as you can get that kind of top line growth, you don’t need to leverage. Okay, thank you.
Tim Main: (inaudible) keep focused – thank you for saying that but (inaudible) absolutely stay focused on driving lean and efficiency and making the business more profitable. We think over the next three to five years that incremental profitability is going to come from SG&A expense leverage and what we can do to manage, get a better balance in our portfolio
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: And now, I would like to turn the call back over to the presenters for their closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Okay, thank you, everyone. Thank you all our investors and analysts on the call today. We appreciate you joining us. And please feel free to call in for any other follow-up questions you have on the quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-03-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters – VP, IR & Communications Forbes Alexander – CFO Tim Main – President & CEO
Analysts: Steven Fox – CLSA Brian Alexander – Raymond James Lou Miscioscia – Collins Stewart Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel Joe Wittine – Longbow Research Amitabh Passi – UBS Jim Suva – Citi Kevin Smithen – Aragon
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Beth Walters. Please go ahead.
Beth Walters:
 : During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2010 net revenue and earnings results, our long term outlook for our company, and improvements in our operational efficiencies and in our financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2009; on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other Securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Please now turn to Slides Two and Three, results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. On revenues of $3.0 billion, GAAP operating income was $61.8 million. This compares to $706 million GAAP operating loss on revenues of $2.9 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, and restructuring charges for the quarter was $95.6 million or 3.2% of revenue; as compared to $51.2 million or 1.8% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share were $0.29 as compared to $0.13 for the same period in the prior year. On a year-over-year basis for the quarter, revenue increased 4%, while core operating profits increased 87%. On a sequential basis, revenues decreased by 3%, while core operating income decreased 9%, reflecting the seasonal nature of our consumer division. Of note, this was the lowest second quarter decline in revenue in core operating income since fiscal 2004. Please turn now to Slides Four and Five for a discussion of revenue by division and sector for the second fiscal quarter. Starting with the EMS division, it represented approximately 61% or $1.84 billion, sequential growth of 10% as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Core operating income for the division was 4.2% of revenue. The sequential sector movements are as follows computing and storage increased 15% from the first quarter, representing 11% of revenue; industrial instrumentation and medical sector increased 14% from the prior quarter as a result of growth across a broad number of customers. This sector represented 23% of revenue. The networking sector levels of production increased by 18% from the previous quarter. This sector represented 18% of revenue in the quarter. Telecommunications sector decreased 6% sequentially, and represented 5% of the second quarter's revenue. Turning to the consumer division, this division represented approximately 32% or $970 million in the second fiscal quarter, a sequential decrease of 21%, again reflecting the seasonal nature of this division. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 0% of revenue. Digital home office sector decreased by 7% from the first quarter and represented 15% of revenue. The mobility sector decreased 30% from the prior quarter, reflecting the seasonal nature of these products, and represented 17% of revenue in the quarter. Turning to the aftermarket services division, it decreased by 2% from the prior quarter to $196 million, and represented approximately 6% of overall company revenue in the second fiscal quarter. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 10% of revenue. In the second quarter, two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenue and our top 10 customers in the quarter accounted for approximately 58% of revenue. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by approximately $2 million to $119.8 million. Research and development costs were $7.4 million in the quarter. Intangibles amortization was $6.6 million. Stock-based compensation was $26.5 million in the quarter. The increase was primarily related to performance-based equity awards, which were previously deemed unlikely to debt in fiscal 2009, but based on current expectations, are now expected to meet the requirements for at least a portion of the amount to debt. Net interest expense for the quarter was $21 million. The tax rate on net core operating income in the quarter was 16%. I will now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth; good afternoon. I would like to ask you to turn to Slide Six through Eight. I will give you some commentary on our balance sheet. Our sales cycle in the second quarter expanded by one day from the first quarter at 17 days. The increase in days in inventory of five days was offset by an improvement in days sales outstanding of five days, while payables days contracted by one day. While our inventory days expanded, reflective of the constrained materials environment, we remain very pleased with the overall level of working capital performance. We continue to generate cash flow from operations, producing exactly $1 million in the fiscal quarter. Our return on invested capital was 18% for the quarter. Our cash and cash equivalents were $794 million at the end of the second quarter, with no sums outstanding on our $800 million revolving credit facility. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $78 million. Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $63 million, with core EBITDA in the quarter being approximately $159 million or 5.3% of revenue. Cash payments associated with the restructuring plan we announced in fiscal 2009 were approximately $16 million. The majority of payments associated with this plan are now complete. We are also pleased to note that we have recently renewed our Accounts Receivable securitization facilities so that total availability under these facilities of $300 million. In summary, we are pleased with the quarter's results. The quarter, where our revenue and income streams are typically sequentially done due to seasonal slowdown in consumer spending. We are encouraged that in a constrained materials environment, which we are all facing, such sequential decline at its lowest levels since fiscal 2004. Working capital management remains well under control, and cash flow from operations continues to be positive. On a year-over-year basis, first half of fiscal 2010 has seen us produce $50 million more in core operating income on a $177 million lack in revenues, reflective of our continued focus in turning the company to produce a long-term positive return level. I will now ask you to turn to Slide Nine, where I will discuss our third quarter of fiscal 2010 guidance. The overall guidance for the third fiscal quarter is as follows Revenue in the quarter is estimated grow sequentially in the range of 3% to 10%, or a range of $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion. The EMS division is expected to grow 8% sequentially, while the consumer division is expected to grow 5%. The AMS division is expected to have consistent revenues with those of the second quarter. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $100 million to $120 million. Our guidance reflects approximately $5 million of costs associated with our investments, and new program ramp activity associated with the expansion of process technology capabilities within our Jabil Green Point mechanical operations. I would also like to point out that the mid-point of our guidance reflects revenue growth of approximately $600 million or 22% on a year-over-year basis, while core operating income growth of $80 million represents an 81% growth on a year-over-year basis. A year ago, we discussed that we would expect income leverage of $0.10 to $0.15 per incremental revenue dollar from our low revenue point of $2.6 billion a quarter. At its mid-point, our guidance reflects a cumulative income leverage of $0.14 per revenue dollar. As a result, core operating income margin is expected to be in the range of 3.2% to 3.6% and core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.36 per diluted share. Our selling, general, and administrative expenses are estimated to be consistent at $120 million. Research and development costs are expected to be approximately $8 million in the third fiscal quarter, while intangibles amortization is expected to be approximately $7 million. Stock-based compensation expense is estimated to be in the range of $15 million to $26 million in the third quarter, depending on company performance in the second half of our fiscal year. Interest expense is estimated to be consistent with that of the second quarter at $21 million, and based upon the current estimates of production and income levels; our tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 20%. Finally, turning to capital expenditures, we plan to invest an incremental $70 million, which totals $150 million of expenditure in our third quarter. This incremental sum is principally to fund new process technology mechanical capabilities to support numerous exciting program wins within our Jabil Green Point mechanical operations. Now, I would like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Tim Main: Thank you, Forbes. The second fiscal quarter started with a great deal of uncertainty, but ultimately provided positive indicators for the course of our business. First of all, year-over-year margin expansion was 180 basis points on the gross margin line, and 170 basis points at the core operating margin line. This is on a relatively modest 4% increase in revenue. We also had two consecutive quarters of gross margins above 7% and core operating income margins above 3%. I believe our focus on efficient operations and realized savings from previous rationalization plans are delivering the expected improvement in our profitability, even more apparent now as we are growing revenue at the same time. Secondly, the second quarter was the lowest level of seasonality we have seen since fiscal 2004, indicating we are doing a reasonable job of expanding our business and targeted markets as the macroeconomic environment shows some sustained improvement. The industrial instrumentation and medical sector was up 14% sequentially and increased to 24% of our revenue in the second quarter, indicating we are successfully developing our value proposition for important customer relationships in this sector. Business in our enterprise sectors was also strong in the quarter, indicating some tailwinds to demand. The consumer facing parts of our business were down sequentially, a bit more mobility than expected, but our digital and home office sector, which covers displays and set top boxes businesses was only down 7% sequentially, lower than historical averages. Unbalanced consumer spending is out rebounded by the strength we have seen in other areas; there are positive signs of stability, and even some growth in certain areas. I think it is interesting that business spending appears to be leading a recovery, and businesses really clamped down on IT spending during the two-year recession, so we are seeing some investment to satisfy that pent-up demand. All companies are focused on productivity and in reducing variable expenses such as travel, and investment in a strong IT infrastructure and in products such as videoconferencing really helps companies improve their productivity and reduce costs. And there are some secular trends which favor a high speed, advanced communications infrastructure. Video content over the Internet and the telecommunications infrastructure is increasing at double digit rates. Data storage and management is becoming an enormous and complex task for companies all over the world. So some good reasons we are seeing what we are in enterprise spending. With all of these positive indicators in mind, we continue to be conservative in our guidance. We will simply earn in the second half of the fiscal year what we earned in the first half. Fiscal 2010 will be a record year for Jabil by a wide margin. Continuity of component supply continues to be initial regroup with and I don't expect a great deal of improvement in the near term. And we would like to see consumer spending rebound and be sustained for several quarters before we become more aggressive in our guidance. For the balance of the year, we will be focusing on customer service, improving our capabilities, reducing our cost structure, and expanding in targeted markets. We feel good about our opportunities and successfully executing these initiatives and deliver a good year for stakeholders in Jabil.
Beth Walters: Operator, we are ready to begin the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with CLSA.
Steven Fox – CLSA: Good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Tim Main: Yes.
Steven Fox – CLSA: Tim, can you just talk a little bit more about the investments going into Green Point? How much is it sort of next-generation type of mechanicals and anything you can expand on there in terms of the product it is going to drive?
Tim Main: Well, there are, as Forbes indicated, some new program wins in new process technology and because of the sensitivity around that, we really can't say much more about it at this point. Hopefully, as time goes on and we get a little bit more traction there, we will be able to provide more information, but for now, we really need to be precursory in what we can say there.
Steven Fox – CLSA: Can you talk about the timing of when the investments turn into programs at all?
Tim Main: It is basically (inaudible) with the investment.
Steven Fox – CLSA: And then just the last question. Can you talk about the components of buy constraints a little bit more in detail; where do you see the most constraints, and what is going to change that from – to get back to a sort of a normal supply environment?
Tim Main: Well, you know, it started with some of the IT spending increasing late last year in October, November and really in the semiconductor area and memory, we are really highly constrained, and actually, some of those areas have improved of that, some of the more responsible semiconductor companies have actually decided to bring additional capacity online. But as the overall economic recovery broadens into some of the other areas and actually starts to touch industrial controls, medical accounts, you know, other areas of consumer spending like printing, and even light goods, we are starting to see some really – type of supply constraints that we haven't seen in a long time, on things like (inaudible), and MOSFETs and even some capacitor types of commodities, which had been in plentiful supply for several years and I think the supply base in some of those lower level areas, I don't mean lower level from a prestige standpoint, it is in terms of lower level or in terms of expense on a typical given material. They are going to lag their investment and capacity a little bit longer, until they actually believe that the economic recovery is sustained. So, you know, what we see is an elongation of lead times, and we will probably continue to see that for a while and it has been difficult to predict what the type of specificity that we would like with customers exactly will be able to ship and when. But I think we are probably looking at a couple of two or three more quarters of a little bit of a dicey supply situation.
Steven Fox – CLSA: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Yes, the ramp-up in CapEx to $150 million next quarter for Green Point, what is the pace of investment beyond the May quarter? I think you had previously talked about $200 million to $250 million for the year in CapEx. It seems like you would be well above that. So can you just give us an update there?
Forbes Alexander: Hey, Brian; this is Forbes, I will take that one. I just wanted to be clear in terms of my prepared remarks. The $150 million in our third fiscal quarter is not all related to this mechanical expansion. It is somewhere in the region of $70 million to $80 million associated with that, and the balances are ongoing maintenance-type CapEx levels and IT infrastructure build-out that we talked about in previous quarters. Having said that, our CapEx levels in our fourth fiscal quarter should return to more of a normalized level in that $50 million to $70 million type arena. So that would put us somewhere about $300 million to $325 million, something of that nature for the fiscal year.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: And how much incremental revenue are we talking about related to these new wins?
Tim Main: Again, it is an area that we can't get into. I would remind you that the mechanical operations though tend to be a much higher value-add revenue stream, and so, the revenue levels are not what you would like to see in the typical printed circuit board assemblies, system integration type of revenue streams. So the revenue levels would be a little bit lower than you typically expect, although with the addition of value-add in the revenue stream, we believe the returns should be good for the company and certainly meeting the guidance that we have.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: So it seems like the EMS division has really been driving the contribution margins for the last few quarters and they are very healthy at over 4% for the quarter you just reported, with consumer break even. So should we expect a further improvement in contribution margin up to the $3.5 billion per quarter? Should we expect that incremental profitability that largely comes from consumer, given the ramps we are talking about and the breakeven status of that business?
Tim Main: Yes, I think looking at consumer being a break even sector, you know, keep in mind we have some consumer facing businesses in the EMS division, but in a February seasonally down quarter for consumer, you would expect significant margin improvements from consumer in the better quarters, our fiscal quarters of Q3, Q4, and fiscal Q1, so the next three quarters should be progressively better for consumer. I would discourage though people to look at that on a division-by-division basis, and I continue to focus people on the $0.10 to $0.15 of operating leverage per incremental dollar of revenue, right up until the $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion revenue per quarter range, and this is based on the guidance for Q3, that is now four or five quarters in a row of being able to demonstrate that type of operating leverage. So, I think people can still be reasonably comfortable that that is the operating leverage they will see as revenue recovers into that $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion per quarter range.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Thanks a lot.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lou Miscioscia with Collins Stewart. Mr. Miscioscia, your line is open.
Lou Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Sorry, I had you on mute. Is this better?
Tim Main: That is better, Lou.
Lou Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Okay, great. Thank you. Luckily, I figured that one out, I am very technical here.
Tim Main: Well, maybe she was putting your name so badly that you didn't realize it was you.
Lou Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: No, no, I usually pick that one up.
Tim Main: Okay.
Lou Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Well, stepping out of auto, can you give us your tactical and strategic view on consumers? Is it still an area that you want to heavily pursue or are there pockets that you are more interested in and then, also, could you just comment on the big picture of consumer, you know, is there a lot still to be outsourced to the EMS providers?
Tim Main:
 :
Lou Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Okay. Switching topics a little bit, on the component type mix, can you mention which areas are I guess running to the most difficult to do with?
Tim Main: You know, I am not a supply chain expert. I think about more customers and I am not going to say who the customers are. It really started in A-6 in semiconductors and has gone into lower and lower level components. You know, in some cases, we are even having some constraints in fab supply. But it is a pretty broad spectrum now of challenges. And you also have something that keeps us from being able to run our business effectively, but it is something that, you know causes us not to be able to fully optimize the demand of what we might be able to marshal otherwise, and also, impedes our ability to run with the complete level of efficiency that we might otherwise.
Lou Miscioscia – Collins Stewart: Okay, thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good evening, guys. Just a question on the inventory. It looks like it was up about 10%. Could you just talk about what is driving that? I mean, normally I think inventory growth has seemed to be a reasonable reflection of what you guys expect from next quarter revenue expectations. So I am trying to think if there are any offsets to that part process and because of that maybe you guys are building some buffer inventory?
Tim Main: Well, if you look at our guidance and if you look at our inventory level on a forward basis, we have beat about eight terms. So it is not out of line with what we expect to produce from next quarter. I think we are being relatively conservative in our guidance and yes, it is a little bit tougher to manage the whole supply chain, when there are, again, it doesn't do you any good to have $149.50 of a $150.00 bill of materials, but if the last $0.50 doesn't show up, you can't ship the product. So what we are going to do with that, there is a little bit more of buffer and a little bit more slack in the chain in terms of how effectively we can manage our investment in inventory. You know, that said, we would expect inventory churn rates to improve a bit in the next quarter or two, but I wouldn't expect any breakthroughs in terms of other inventory turnovers. So, I think you are looking at a combination of a growing revenue profile in forward quarters, combined with a component supply marketplace that is being constrained and difficult to manage it. Here you can see, you know, Amit, with the industrial and instrumentation medical segments, up 14% sequentially and some of the other higher mix parts of our business up sequentially. Those tend to be lower inventory turnover businesses, so that kind of (inaudible) a little bit challenged on the inventory side. All that said, I think we ought to be able to manage back to you know, in eight turns at least, and then over the next three or four quarters, get back to that nine level that we have been targeting.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And then just a question on the CapEx line, you know, probably Green Point was running around $550 million to $600 million annual revenues. Can you tell us what sort of revenues can you support for Green Point with the current physical capacity that you have, and what sort of incremental dollars can you add to that capacity with the $70 million uptick in CapEx?
Tim Main: Yes, I can't really get into that, we haven't provided any investor transparency to Jabil Green Point, other than what we had in the beginning, because they were a public company. So I would rather not get into that, but you know, at that level of CapEx, it would be about significant growth for their business.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then, I am sorry if I missed this, but do you have any customers over 10% of revenues in the Feb quarter?
Tim Main: Yes, we said two. Two customers over 10% and the top 10, 58%.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. I had a question about the mobility segment. It seemed like it was a bit weaker than you expected, you commented that it was a bit weaker. But it sounds like you are investing in that. So I am trying to understand, did you see a weakness in the engines pieces of the business, is that something that you are maybe de-emphasizing or was that a customer issue and now you are moving to the mechanic phase and you are focusing on that, or can you may be help us reconcile those two different businesses and the weakness that you saw this quarter?
Tim Main: I think the engines side of it represents the greater part of the revenue stream overall. There are no major particular issues driving mobility being a little bit weaker than expected. A couple of the products that we build were a little bit weaker than the overall mobility marketplace. There is a couple of products that may be going end-of-life relatively soon, but, you know, we have some replacement products to bring back into the revenue stream. So, the customer relationships in the basic program participation is in good health.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: So you would expect that to be back to sort of normal seasonality as we move into the third and the fourth quarters?
Tim Main: Yes.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I wanted to dig into the inventory issues a little bit. How much of your revenue would you say was impacted by the component shortages this quarter? Last quarter, I think you said somewhere around $50 million to $100 million, I think you said? $50 million to $75 million?
Tim Main: Yes, we said $50 million to $75 million. We didn't quantify this quarter. We get into some debates around well, what is fair and what isn't, and you can count on the fact that we were gated by materials and revenue could have been higher, although we want to get away from quantifying that.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And in terms of the inventory that maybe you are building buffer stock, is that primarily semiconductor inventory, is that, I don't know, 50% of it is semiconductor and the rest of it is other components or maybe to get a sense of where the real tightness is?
Tim Main: Well, you know, in terms of our overall spend, I mean semiconductors, memory, those are high price components and end up being a bigger part of our bill material and a material costs anyways. So, to the extent that we have additional inventory levels, those comprised a greater part of it. I say that the way we deal with this type of situation in terms of mature continuity, supply continuity is more around the challenges and more around mix management, and being able to predict and commit to customers reliable schedules, so they can in turn, commit to their customers. So the challenge is really about mix management, not as much as expanding, but for supply. And again, I don't think that that part of the equation is really the bigger part of the equation. You know, if I look inventory turns on a forward basis and where revenue levels are going, you know, it looks to us like although inventory levels are a little bit bumpy and a little bit higher than what we might have expected, they seem to be at reasonable levels as we look forward into fiscal Q3 and we look at the challenges we have to manage mix.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. That is helpful, thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Banc of America-Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot. My question is a clarification actually on the midpoint of the guidance. I think I heard you, Forbes, say that the incremental gross margin per revenue dollar the midpoint is $0.14. Is that excluding the $5 million or so of investments that you are talking about for the program ramps related to Green Point?
Forbes Alexander: No, that related to the cumulative impact. On this call a year ago, we talked about $0.10 to $0.15 incremental income leverage per revenue dollar. So that is the actual growth from this time last year is through the end of our third fiscal quarter.
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. And in terms of the investments in Green Point, why should we not think that your incremental gross margins are actually going to be higher or remain in the 10 to 15 at the higher revenue level, given the mix impact that will potentially come from Green Point?
Forbes Alexander: We previously talked about $0.10 to $0.15 up to that $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion. And to the previous question, we will not be providing any guidance or transparency around these incremental investments in terms of the revenue stream in that regard. We would certainly, there is a higher portion of value-add and that area of the business that would certainly afford us an opportunity to continue to expand our overall corporate operating margin.
Wamsi Mohan – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Yes, thanks. Just a question on the guidance for the EMS sector, up 8%. Is that, are you expecting to see the strength across the board or just a couple of segments continuing to do well like computing and networking?
Tim Main: I think we have to say kind of across the board; one, because we actually we don't want to get into the sectors in terms of guidance, that would be a little challenging for us, but in truth, we are seeing strength across the board.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: And Tim, is that just in-demand or are you seeing some new projects come online as well?
Tim Main: It is a combination of both I think in some of the more mature sectors, represents tailwind in-demand and then some of the targeted areas. We are doing a lot better in terms of win rates and expansion of existing relationships and market share.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Okay. Into a bigger picture question, as you expand your business and your headcount over the next few quarters, do you expect to encounter or are you seeing any issues in terms of labor costs, particularly in China or getting headcount back because of some labor shortages?
Tim Main: I think we had some challenges with that, but nothing that isn't manageable.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Okay, thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Joe calling in for Shawn Harrison. Can you hear me okay?
Tim Main: You bet.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: I wanted to go back to a couple of questions that Wamsi was asking about the incremental margins. I think I understand, Forbes, with the $0.14 you were referring to was on a year-over-year basis what you have done. But am I looking at it right when I strictly look at the May quarter guidance on a sequential basis? It looks like at the mid-point of guidance, you are adding $200 million in sales and at the mid-point of EBIT; we are adding about $15 million in EBIT. So, a lot of incremental EBIT margin of about 7% to 8%, somewhere in there, and then, you know, with the guidance calling for flat operating expenses and flattish R&D, I guess the incremental gross margin is also about maybe 8%. Is that accurate?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, that is absolutely correct and that includes we call about $5 million of investment. Still see it with infrastructure, the hiring of employees and both direct and indirect labor and infrastructure to support these new program ramps and mechanical capabilities.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Okay. So taking into account that $5 million as a key point, then you are probably down at the low end of the 10% or 15% range. So I guess the question is, you know, going forward, you know, seemingly consistent mixes, is that a reasonable level to model kind of taking into account the normal fluctuations from EMS versus consumer that you could see on a margin basis? I guess the 10%, are we assuming that you know, we are kind of at the lower end of the 10% to 15% range going forward from here, now that we have hit these revenue bogies?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, absolutely. Up to the level of $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion, absolutely. You know, we finished it over the last few quarters, this operating leverage and so that is certainly, you know, firmly in play as we move forward here.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Okay. And then just a real quick one. SG&A, you have held pretty firm over the last four quarters now. In fact, in the August quarter, you were doing $117 million; the current quarter guidance is for $120 million. So the question is that level sustainable, assuming these are consistent revenues from here?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I think, you know, $120 million, give or take $1 million or so, is I think a very sustainable level as we move forward.
Tim Main: I think that should be sustainable beyond the $3.4 billion. We are working diligently to control and compress our SG&A expense, and when we get beyond that $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion per quarter revenue run rate, at which point our capacity absorption has taken place, we will still expect to enjoy operating expense leverage at the SG&A line.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Okay, fair enough.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amitabh Passi with UBS.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Thank you, and apologies for the background noise. Just a clarification, Forbes, what is the best way to look at incremental operating margin, is it more on a sequential basis than a year-over-year basis, because it seems like you look at it across the two different ways and you shouldn't get different levels of drop here and I just wanted to clarify that 10 to 15 more on a year-over-year or on a sequential basis?
Forbes Alexander: Maybe you should look at that on a sequential basis, as we move forward. You know, we do have this incremental investment in terms of this quarter as we have called out, but certainly as we move forward, we should look at that on an incremental basis, as we drive towards revenue levels of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay, got it. And then just one final one, Tim, perhaps for you. The telecom segment, you have had two quarters now of sequential declines. I was just wondering if it is just a function of your end markets, is there a program just sort of backing away from any additional color on the massive market?
Tim Main: Yes, there is a particular customer program that actually isn't engaged in the GSM fiber optic transmission cycle products that we have been targeting in that area; it is more in terms of mobile communications, network communications that has experienced a severe slowdown in orders, that had a negative impact on the overall revenue levels there. If you look at the areas of our business that we are really targeting, the major telecommunications, particularly in Europe, our customers that we are targeting and the types of wireless and wire-line infrastructure products, we have actually done pretty well there and have actually added some pretty significant new program wins and we would expect to see the performance in that telecommunications sector really start to turn around over the course of the next two or three quarters. So, I am actually fairly bullish about our position there.
Amitabh Passi – UBS: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva – Citi: Thank you very much. Forbes, on the traditional investment that you have, should we expect a little bit of a ramping or initial burden on the OpEx line, you know, you typically install the equipment, you put them in and takes your workers a little bit of time to get the yields up. And then, a follow onto that, Forbes, is when you start looking at you know, your revenue outlook of $3.4 billion $3.5 billion and the operating margin associated with it, at what point do you as CFO say, okay, we are getting within a close-enough distance, you know, which your guidance now in the high end is $3.3 billion, but maybe now when you do start installing some more equipment and it seems like we are getting close to that standpoint. And then, maybe a question for Tim; Tim, on this investment in Green Point, is it a single-company specific or is it one that you will be able to leverage across multiple different platforms or how should we think about the risk/reward of that large capital equipment?
Forbes Alexander: Jim, let me try and take the second comment you made and then I will circle back to the first one. But in terms of – I think the question centers around you know when do we start making investment decisions beyond our $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion level, where we see current levels absorbed. You know, given the marketplace today and remembering that November quarter of calendar 2008, you know, before we saw the recessionary environment, most companies in our space were certainly gearing for significant continued growth, and with that, returning those levels of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion at year end, equipment tends to be pretty readily available.  So we are in a fortunate position today, where we don't need to be making investment decisions much beyond a four to six week time cycle, if you will. I think the biggest concern we have today in terms of making those investments is around material and component availability, which are certainly longer lead times more than equipment. So we need to see some clarity around additional capacities coming on in the various component marketplaces, and you know, once we see some clarity in that regard, we will start considering further investments. But certainly, we are under no pleasure in terms of equipment and testing equipment, anything related to production throughput.
Tim Main: When we talk about OpEx, just in terms of the vernacular, you know, we look at cost of goods sold and sometimes we use operating expenses interchangeably with SG&A. So when you say OpEx, and you know the investment in factory workers, installation, that type of thing, that is roughly cost of goods sold area and you know, the $5 million that we are talking about being devoted to that area and that is that assumption in the guidance. And of course, we will work as diligently as we can to contain and compress our SG&A expense. You asked a question about the investment being for a single company or a broad-based risk/reward. Not really in a position to provide that level of transparency. I will say generally though, our policy is that when a capital investment is so customer specific to a single customer, we would ask them to invest or buy that equipment or consign it to us, so long term, this is a capability that we think has a broader set of customers and opportunities than a single customer.
Jim Suva – Citi: Great. Thank you very much, Tim and Forbes.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mickey Schleien with Ladenburg.
Mickey Schleien – Ladenburg: Thank you. My question has been answered.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Smithen with Aragon.
Kevin Smithen – Aragon: Sorry, I think you have answered it, but just trying to get it quantified, did you break out the inventory between raw materials, components, and then work in progress, and finished goods?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, I don't have that data in front of me right at the moment, but it is in terms of dollar terms, but it is relatively consistent, on a percentage basis, with that of last quarter, which is in our filings, but I can certainly follow with you after the call, I don't have that data in front of me.
Kevin Smithen – Aragon: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Tim Main: Okay, we appreciate everybody's time on this call. I think that for us the takeaways, we are very pleased with the lowest level of seasonality in fiscal Q2 of 2010 that we have seen since 2004 and we have enjoyed significant margin expansion year-over-year of 170 basis points at the core operating income line and 180 at the gross margin line. We think that is a reflection of the better efficiencies in our business focusing on costs and customers. And we also think it is indicative of the business environment improving in our position to capitalize on an improving business environment in a better functioning engine provides a lot of confidence for us in being able to deliver both revenue growth and margin expansion in the next few quarters; and when we think about inventory or capital investments and the strength of our relationships and businesses and targeted markets, we feel very good about our position and our ability to deliver an excellent record fiscal 2010 and really look forward to continue to build the business in fiscal 2011 and beyond. So thank you, everybody, for your time.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-12-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters – Vice President Investor Relations & Communications Timothy L. Main – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Forbes I. J. Alexander – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Louis Miscioscia – Brigantine Advisors, LLC Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research [Lansey Mohan] [Unidentified Analyst] Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities Matthew Sheerin – Thomas Weisel Partners William Stein – Credit Suisse Jim Suva – Citi Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder, LLC
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil first quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Welcome to our first quarter of fiscal 2010 fiscal year call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO Tim Main and our Chief Financial Officer Forbes Alexander. The call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investors section along with today’s press release and a slide show presentation on the first quarter results. You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the website and begin with Slide One now, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2010 net revenue and earnings results, our long term outlook for our company and improvements in our operation efficiency and in our financial performance. The statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2009, on subsequent reports on Form 10Q and Form 8K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please now turn to Slides Two and Three, results for our first quarter of fiscal year 2010. On revenues of $3.1 billion, GAAP operating income was $66.3 million. This compares to $240 million GAAP operating losses on revenues on $3.4 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges for the quarter was $106.5 million or 3.4% of revenue as compared to $101.2 million or 3% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share were $0.32 as compared to $0.30 for the same period in the prior year. On a year-over-year basis for the quarter revenue declined 9% while core operating profits increased 5%. On a sequential basis revenues increased 10% while core operating income increased 63%. Please turn now to Slides Four and Five for a discussion of revenue by division and sector for the first fiscal quarter. Starting with the EMS division, it represented approximately 54% or $1.67 billion, sequential growth of 2% as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 3.4% of revenue. Sector movements are as follows, computing and storage increased 2% from the fourth quarter and represented 9% of revenue; industrial instrumentation and medical sector increased 8% from the prior quarter as a result of growth across a broad number of customers, this sector represented 20% of revenue. The networking sector level of production decreased by 4% from the previous quarter as a result of demand reduction from a European customer and material shortage that gated our production. This sector represented 15% of revenue in the quarter. Telecommunications sector decreased 5% sequentially and represented 5% of revenues. Turning now to the consumer division, the consumer division represented approximately 40% or $1.2 billion in the first fiscal quarter, a sequential increase of 27%. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 2.7% of revenue. Sequential sector movements are as following, as we discussed on our last quarter’s call we have combined the management of our display and peripherals sectors and these are reported as one sector, digital home office. This sector increased by 22% in the fourth quarter and represented 16% of revenue. The mobility sector increased by 30% in the prior quarter and represented 24% of revenue in the quarter. Finally, the aftermarket services division decreased by 3% from the prior quarter and represented approximately 6% of overall company revenue in the first fiscal quarter. Core operating income from the division in the quarter was 8.2% of revenue. In the first fiscal quarter two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenue and our top 10 customers in the quarter accounted for approximately 58% of our revenue. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $800,000 to $117.6 million. Research and development costs were $7.7 million in the quarter. Intangibles amortization was 7.1 for the quarter. Stock-based compensation was $14 million in the quarter, restructuring was $19 million including a $15.7 million loss on the sale of our French automotive subsidiary. Net interest expense for the quarter was $20 million. The tax rate on net core operating income in the quarter was 20%. I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander who will cover our balance sheet and ratio trends.
Forbes I. J. Alexander : I’ll now ask you to turn to Slide Six through Eight. Our sales cycle in the first quarter was consistent with last quarter at 16 days. Days sales outstanding were also consistent at 41 days. An increase of days in inventory of three days was offset by expansion of accounts payable days. We’re very pleased with the overall level of working capital performance and the revenue growth environment. As a result, we continue to generate cash flow from operations producing $74 million in the first fiscal quarter. Our return on invested capital increased from 11.5% in the fourth quarter to 19.8% in the first quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $852 million at the end of the quarter with no sums outstanding on our $800 million revolving credit facility. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $39 million. This level of expenditure primarily reflecting investments in our clean technology businesses, information technology and maintenance capital investments. Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $66 million. Core EBITDA was approximately $172 million or 5.6% of revenue. As seasonally driven revenue growth returned in the first quarter, we successfully continued to manage our working capital and operational cash generation. We’re very pleased with this result and this positions us well as we move through the remainder of the fiscal year. Let me now just update you on our restructuring activity. During our last earnings call I discussed our continuing efforts to rationalize the economic performance of our automotive sector and the intended divestiture of our automotive electronics manufacturing subsidiary in Western Europe. During late October, we concluded the sale of our French subsidiary realizing a loss on the sale below the low end of our previous guidance of $15.7 million, $3 million of which was cash related. With this divestiture the remainder of our automotive relationships are on a sound footing and lower cost geographies. I’d also like to thank our employees [inaudible] for their dedication and commitment over the last eight years and wish them every future success. During the fiscal quarter we also recorded charges of $3 million associated with our previously announced restructuring plans while cash payments associated with these plans were $9 million. Through the first quarter we have recorded charges of approximately $57 million and cash payments of $36 million. We expect cash payments to be approximately $17 million in our second fiscal quarter. In summary, we’re very pleased with our performance in the quarter, executing to the midpoint of our revenue guidance while core operating income levels and core earnings per share were at the high end of our previous guidance. The addition of additional revenue across our fixed manufacturing cost base has continued to deliver operating income margin expansion. Sequentially, $0.14 of operating margin expansion added per revenue dollar for a core operating margin of 3.4%. Positive cash flow from operations is also very pleasing in a double digit revenue growth quarter positioning us well for continued positive cash flows through fiscal 2010. Overall, positive effects on our path to returning the company to our long term targeted return levels. I’d now ask you to turn to Slide Nine, we’ll give you a business update. Overall company guidance for our second fiscal quarter of 2010 is as follows. Revenue is estimated to consistent to decline 6% for the first quarter or a range of $2.9 to $3.1 billion. At the midpoint of our range our expectations for the second fiscal quarter reflect and overall decline of 3%. The EMS division is expected to grow 5% sequentially while the consumer division is expected to decline 15% reflecting the seasonal decline of consumer based products. The aftermarket services division is expected to have consistent revenues with those of the first quarter. Core operating income is estimated to be in the range of $75 million to $105 million. The midpoint of our guidance reflects revenue growth of $113 million or 4% on a year-over-year basis and core operating income growth of $39 million or 76% growth on a year-over-year basis. As a result, core operating margin will be in the range of 2.6% to 3.4% and core earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.20 to $0.32 per diluted share. Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be $116 million in the quarter. Research and development costs are expected to be approximately $8 million in the second quarter. Intangibles amortization is expected to be $7 million. Stock-based compensation in the quarter is expected to be approximately $14 million and interest expense is estimated to be $21 million. Based upon the current estimate of production and income levels, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 20% for the quarter and the full fiscal year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter are estimated to be approximately $80 million, reflecting investments in our clean technology businesses, information technology upgrades, consolidation and expansion of our Jabil Green Point mechanical site in China and maintenance capital expenditure levels. Now, I’d like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Timothy L. Main : Well, what a difference a year makes. We are really delighted to conclude our first fiscal 2010 quarter with good momentum and new business, solid operations performance and an improving macroeconomic environment. I’d like to draw out a few observations that I think are pertinent for investors as they evaluate Jabil. Year-over-year Jabil earned $5.3 million more in core operating income on $295 million less revenue. This is particularly gratifying because the consumer business actually increased to 40% of our overall revenue over that same period. The sequential story was positive as well, we produced incremental core operating income of $0.14 per revenue dollar and core operating margins of 3.4% and core EBITDA margins of 5.6% are indicative of the earnings power of our company. I think it also demonstrates the fundamental economic model is still in good working order. A few key elements to the improvements and what we’re thinking about going forward. Number one, the company is very focused on lean manufacturing, costs control and improving our overall operational efficiency. We are committed to strengthening our focus in this area even though economic conditions appear to be improving. We will take proactive steps to ensure the structure is well positioned and highly competitive. Two, emphasis on industrial instrumentation in the medical sector has led to significant growth and an increase in the share of our business. This is now our second largest sector. Three, continuing to emphasis our end-to-end service capabilities inclusive of our aftermarket services division and world class mechanic capabilities at Jabil Green Point, gives us commend of a broader value chain and makes us a more valuable partner to our customers. Finally, four we continue the effort towards a time when we will be regarded as the undisputed leader of our industry in fundamental execution with superior capabilities. We will be investing in our business over the course of the next few quarters. These investments will be focused in our key growth areas such as industrial, instrumentation and medical market as well as clean tech activities. We are expanding capacity of our Jabil Green Point operations to accommodate some higher volume new business later this year. We are also condensing and consolidating operations to be a more effective and efficient partner to our customers. Although these initiatives with require some additional capital and expense, we continue to expect to drive significant operating leverage with revenue growth beyond our second fiscal quarter. In summary, we’re off to a good start and on a solid trajectory to an excellent fiscal 2010. If this nation’s economic recovery is sustained through 2010 then this good start should develop in to a welcomed finish to the year.
Beth Walters : Operator, we’re ready for the question and answer period.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Just a question regarding the guidance, it seems to be down a lot less than what you would normally expect. Can you just talk about maybe the EMS segment being up 5% in the Feb quarter, is this some specific new programs that are driving that and what is the underlying seasonality that you see in the Feb quarter?
Timothy L. Main : I think we’re embedding a little less than the typical seasonality in the consumer side and with the EMS division expected to grow sequentially 5% we’re definitely seeing a broad based recovery here. Particular strength in the industrial space and medical sector, that was up 8% quarter-to-quarter in Q1. We continue to see solid strength there particularly in the recovery of semiconductor markets. We actually categorize our clean tech activities which is inclusive of everything from metering to solar panels and everything in between, that’s been a very robust activity for us as well as the medical business seems to be recovering both in terms of our ability to generate market share as well as overall general market recovery. In the enterprise Amit, you probably have been very in touch with those, the enterprise markets have been very strong since August and were it not for component gates and some supply chain discontinuities. Over the last three or four months I think that would have been demonstrated in the results as well and we expect to see a solid order pattern for the enterprise market right through the quarter.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Inventory looks like it was up about 15% sequentially, could you start with what is driving that? I assume some of that is just consumer shipments in the month of December but have you started to essentially started to stock up on some components that may be in short supply right now?
Timothy L. Main : We’ve got a combination of things Amit and I’d say that while we – you know our objectives for the quarter was to be under $1.4 billion in inventory. At the end of the day we kind of feel that was decent performance. You mentioned that consumer continues to ramp in the December quarter and investors sometimes forget that so there’s still inventory position to continue to ship through December. Then, with the material gates that we’ve had in the enterprise areas and in the industrial space and medical sector in some areas, we’ve really had a bit of a [inaudible], material waiting for that last component to arrive to be able to ship. I think the company in terms of expectations, having the company continue to operate in an 8 to 9 inventory turn until we can really dial it in and get to nine or above and that’s a reasonable expectation for investors. From a cash flow standpoint I’d say that we might actually see negative cash flow from operations this quarter and that would not have been unusual and we actually had $74 million in cash flow from operations. So from that standpoint and actually since we spent less on cap ex than maybe anticipated actually had free cash flow in the quarter so we’re very, very pleased with that part of it.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Just my final question, can you maybe quantify how much revenue you may have left on the table because of these material shortages especially on the networking side?
Timothy L. Main : I knew you guys would ask that and I really don’t have a quantification. I mean, it’s not a huge number, it’s not $200 million but just a guess would be $50 to $75 million is probably the revenue that was left on the table.
Operator: Your next question comes from Louis Miscioscia – Brigantine Advisors, LLC.
Louis Miscioscia – Brigantine Advisors, LLC: Tim, could you maybe go in to a little more detail about what you’re doing in the clean tech area? You’ve mentioned that a couple of times now. And, maybe comment whether some of that stuff that you spent for cap ex there is transferrable to other areas or does it have to stay within the clean tech area?
Timothy L. Main : When I talk about clean tech I’m really talking smart grid, renewable energy, smarter appliances, that type of thing, we have activity in all of those areas. Generally for things like metering and smart grid activity, the capacity is the same type of capacity that we have used to manufacture routers and cell phones. In the case of some renewable energy areas, in particular solar, we are investing in some new manufacturing philosophies that while they’re easily transferrable to other panel manufacturing operations it’s new to our business so that has the impact of increasing our cap ex and that’s a relatively new manufacturing process for us. I’ll say that we are now I think in our third full quarter of mass production and things are going very well there.
Louis Miscioscia – Brigantine Advisors, LLC: You mentioned component shortages, can you call out things specifically that are in short of supply?
Timothy L. Main : At my own risk, we’ll call out specific things. It’s actually worsened a little bit over the course of the quarter to include things you wouldn’t think about like passives and actives but, really primarily it’s a semiconductor capacity issue and I’ll just leave it at that. I’ll also say that things seem to be abating a little bit and the supply constraints seem to be easing a bit but they’re definitely still there.
Louis Miscioscia – Brigantine Advisors, LLC: It sounds like from that comment that as we get in to the seasonally slow period things will then be able to catch up with itself?
Timothy L. Main : Yes, if it ends up being a seasonally slow period. I think our guidance brackets a typically seasonal quarter to something which isn’t seasonal at all. If from a macro standpoint things turn out to be not seasonal I would expect to see continued supply constraints in to spring or summer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: I wanted to delve in to the consumer business in two aspects, I think Tim you mentioned a little bit earlier that you’re seeing less than typical seasonality. It seems that maybe part of it, I don’t want to put words in your mouth, is the market driving through December here but are you also picking up market share because I think a statement in the prepared remarks suggested that you’re putting some nice cap ex to a new program that you won and will be ramping in the second half of the year as well.
Timothy L. Main : Well, in terms of seasonal activity, it is normal for us to have December sell through. I think that based on our history you’d see revenue declines of anywhere from 20% to 30% in the consumer area and we’re at the midpoint we’re looking at 15% so that’s a little bit less but it’s still seasonal. In terms of market share, there are some significant mechanics programs that we intend to begin ramping in the spring early summer. I wouldn’t point to big market share shifts there but continuing to build up our capabilities and again, the comprehensive service offering from design to mechanics, assembly, distribution, fulfillment and service is an attractive end-to-end solution and something I think just a few large scale global players can provide to the most attractive customers in the world today so I think we’re benefiting from that movement.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: In those ramps are those with existing customers or will those be new customers coming to you?
Timothy L. Main : It will be with existing customers.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: My follow up question is on the capital budget for the year, $80 million in the second quarter, what should we be modeling for the full year and will it trail off I guess here after the second quarter?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : You’re probably seeing, and again it’s very much depending how you see overall demand beyond mechanical in terms of recovery in the back half of the year, you’ll probably see numbers relatively consistent with Q2 for Q3 and then you’ll see that [inaudible] in Q4. So somewhere between $200 and $250 million type number feels reasonable at the moment.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: I think you said you think you’ll still be cash flow positive even with this higher cap ex number?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : Absolutely, yes we will.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Lansey Mohan].
[Lansey Mohan]: Now with your broken pass over $3 billion revenue and comfortably about 3% operating margin levels, what’s a realistic revenue level at which you can hit more of sort of a closer of 4% operating margin? Level and how much incremental investments would you need to achieve that revenue level?
Timothy L. Main : A complicated question, it’s a straightforward question but a complicated answer. The degree to which we can drive operating leverage, I think we’ve talked about $0.10 to $0.15 of operating leverage through the $3.3 to $3.4 billion per quarter range. After that we’ll continue to see leverage at the op ex line so SG&A will expand at a much slower rate than revenue above the $3.3 to $3.4. When you start looking at revenue levels in the $3.7 to $3.8 range I think then you’ll start to see the incremental margin performance be a little bit less. It depends a lot on the mix of the business and we do everything we can to grow our business in a methodical way. We focus on diversification, we have mobility and the industrial instrumentation medical sectors our two largest sectors, that shows good diversity. Our top 10 customers are 58% of our revenue, that shows good diversity but as hard as we try to balance our approach if they as customers decide they really like us and consolidate the business with us or we have significant new program launches or expenses associated with program launches than from quarter-to-quarter we could see some margin dilution. It also depends on where it shows up in the world and where we have to invest in the capacity. But, all other things being equal I’d say that once we get above the $3.5 to $3.6 billion per quarter range we should be getting much, much closer to the 4% operating level.
[Lansey Mohan]: As a quick follow up to the inventory question, inventory up 15% quarter-over-quarter, heading in to a seasonally weak quarter, I understand December still has two or three pretty strong weeks, do you expect to sort of work off most of that by the end of December and inventory levels sort of normalize post that? Are you seeing any meaningful atypical changes in December so far?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : Yes, we would expect to work that off as we move through December here. December is tracking as we expect here in to the third week. So, sequentially I would expect to see revenues decline more in line with the seasonal second quarter. So, no real surprises there.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Unidentified Analyst].
[Unidentified Analyst]: Forbes, my first question was for you, just on the margin if I look at the negative leverage in the second quarter, at the midpoint of your guidance range it seems to be just a little bit higher than the $0.10 to $0.15 drop you’ve talked about before. I’m just wondering if there’s anything unusual or if you could just maybe elaborate a bit on what might be explaining just slightly higher negative leverage?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : Nothing really unusual, we typically see somewhere in the range of $0.15 or $0.18 on the downside. We do have some investments going on with this mechanical expansion, nothing untoward in that regard. As we do see seasonal decline in the consumer space that tends to bring down essentially some of that leverage a little bit. But again, if one goes back historically Q1 to Q2 sequentially is in or around about that range. That is to say $50 million of expenses associated with some mechanical expansions brings that back in to the higher end of that range, $0.14 to $0.15 on the dollar.
[Unidentified Analyst]: Then just a quick question on some of your EMS end markets, if I look at computing and storage and telecom, I know you talked about networking being impacted by some component shortages, I’m just wondering if you could elaborate a bit on what’s going on in the computing and storage side in telecom, both of them fairly week this quarter?
Timothy L. Main : Computing and storage is up 2% sequentially so I didn’t think that was particularly negative and again, when I think about computing and storage, networking and telecommunications in total we’ve actually seen some pretty robust demand there overall. In the networking area there was really one customer that distorted the results, a European customer that is confronting some hyper competitive activity in their marketplace which is essentially really created a prop in revenue for us. That was a European customer and not in our top 10 so that distorted the number a little bit. Keep in mind, one of the things that’s happening in the enterprise area, particularly in the high end is the volume is going up and the unit prices are down because the customer base has done a good job of fundamentally reducing design and really making these products higher volume products, standardizing platforms and getting better penetration so our actual unit volume is up substantially in these markets. I think the enterprise markets will show very good strength through the balance of the year.
[Unidentified Analyst]: One final question, you had previously thought you were going to use cash from operations in this quarter, great performance. I’m just wondering if for the second fiscal quarter should we expect some usage of cash from ops or do you still think you could have a positive cash flow quarter next quarter?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : I would absolutely expect a positive cash flow in the second fiscal quarter and for that matter continuing through on a quarterly basis through fiscal ’10. We did a good job in the first fiscal quarter maintaining overall days there at 16 days, so we’re very pleased with that result. But certainly again, you’re right at the midpoint of our guidance, sequential decline of about 3% we should certainly continue to generate cash flows from operations and frankly in excess of the number we generated in the first fiscal quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: I was curious if you could maybe give us some detail on what you’ve seen so far in the month of December, particular on the EMS side of the business. I guess my question is sort of focused on what do you typically see in the month of December? Does business tend to be strong throughout the month or does it slowdown in the second half? And, are you seeing this year that demand is continuing through the second half of the month?
Timothy L. Main : We typically are not descriptive on a monthly basis for the quarter. I think on our guidance we’ve attempted to do the best job we can of handicapping the risks and the benefits that we see in our business. Forbes said earlier today that December is tracking normally and to what our expectations are.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: Would you typically see a fall of in demand in the second half of the month or would you typically see that demand is strong throughout the full month just in general not this year?
Timothy L. Main : Again, December is tracking normally. I mean you’ll have some customers that shut down for Christmas season but for the most part people are on calendar year ends and they’re going to continue to ship product right through the month. I think what we see is a normal pattern and again, we’ve tried to handicap everything we know today, I mean things could happen that we don’t know about tomorrow. But again, we’ve handicapped everything we can in to the guidance, everything that we know today, all the risks associated with it and everything else.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess I’m just trying to get a sense of how demand is tracking so far? You seem to be relatively optimistic with the guidance that you’re giving with the EMS business and it sounds like things are healthy. I’m trying to get a sense is that because you’re seeing healthy demand so far in to the end of the year? Some people have commented that they’ve seen healthy demand in to December or is it more a commentary about the forecast that you’ve gotten from your customers for the full quarter?
Timothy L. Main : Well, we try to bring the full force of our combined knowledge about the past, present and future in to our guidance and based on what customer activity has been like through Q1, what things look like in Q2, they’re forecast for Q3 and Q4 and doing some checks on how things are tracking before we get on calls like this. I think we’ve tried to do as much as we can to handicap the guidance and evaluate the trend analysis and we think our guidance is appropriate.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: Let me maybe ask a different question, do you feel that your visibility has improved for your business over the past couple of months? Would you still say you have about a quarter of visibility or do you feel that that is maybe elongated?
Timothy L. Main : Sherri we’ve always had annual visibility with customers. The truth of the matter is though that that shifts around based on what sell through rates are like so I wouldn’t make any comment about the length of visibility. I would say the confidence in our customer’s sell through rate and our confidence in the visibility that they’re providing us, the forecasts they’re providing us has improved a great deal over the last two or three quarters. A year ago we were handicapping our customer’s forecasts to Jabil 10% to 15% and at this point we’ve seen sell through rates come much closer to what customer forecasts are so our confidence level is improving.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities: Then maybe if I could just ask, I have three very short housekeeping questions, one is why did your share count go up in the quarter? Two, why was cap ex a bit lower than you had expected, maybe that’s just movement of cap ex in Q2 and then also where is the automotive business, is that in other?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : Let me try and deal with those, the last one first automotive is in other. In terms of the share count, let me try and walk you through that. Effective the first of September of this year there is new accounting guidelines out there that relates to participating shares or participating securities. What that basically means is if an enterprise or organization has performance related restricted shares which we as an organization grant performance restricted shares to our management team and employees so they only vest upon successful completion of various performance criteria. Those shares as we are a dividend paying organization carry a dividend. This new accounting pronouncement now deems that those shares must be fully included in the diluted share count, the calculation of earnings per share. This accounting standard is also applicable retroactively so what you’ll also see on our press release on the income statement, you’ll also see our share count is 213 million shares versus roughly 209 if you pulled our press release as of a year ago. What this does is have an impact of reducing earnings per share by $0.01 on the first fiscal quarter 2009. It adds about five million shares. What you’ll see is any organization that paid a dividend that has performance restricted stock or performance restricted securities will be impacted by this accounting standard. Then in terms I think the last question was cap ex, why that was a little bit lower, I think we guided to right around $50 million. No particular reason, I think just the way that the particular capital expenditures came in to the company as a [inaudible] at times when we give these calls. So I think some of that is just sliding around a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Sheerin – Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matthew Sheerin – Thomas Weisel Partners: I have a question regarding the handset business, you talked about new business coming on in the second half and obviously you’re doing very well with RIM so the question is how diversified is your wireless business now and what steps are you taking, if any, to ensure that going forward? Then, just regarding margins and return profiling that business, is it pretty consistent across your customer base or is that driven by either mix or type of customer, particularly customers that are involved with Taiwan Green Point?
Timothy L. Main : In terms of diversification of the customer base in mobility, I think we’ve talked about this in quarters past, we do business with virtually all the leading companies in that space so certainly the top five or six handset mobility OEMs in the world, we do business with today. From a revenue standpoint I think in our 10K obviously there was a disclosure of RIM being a 10% customer so from a revenue standpoint, particularly in electronic assembly areas that we’ve historically called engines that carries higher revenue with it. So there’s a little bit more revenue concentration but good diversification in terms of who we do business with again, the leading companies in the world we do business with. In terms of the margins in the business, I wouldn’t attribute the margins to anything except this, the amount of value add we have in the revenue stream per activity. So in pure electronics activities, the material content in that revenue stream can be between 85% and 90% so really a 10% value add if you will. Then in the mechanics area where there’s greater technology, more fixed assets, lots of differentiated activities, that type of thing the material content can be anywhere from 40% to 60% depending on the type of product and the complexity of the product and what we’re doing. We tend to carry similar return on capital metrics but different operating margin metrics. We’re looking to invest in areas that give Jabil technology differentiation, genuinely enriches our value proposition for customers, makes us a more valuable partner and ultimately delivers much stronger shareholder value and accretion to our shareholders.
Matthew Sheerin – Thomas Weisel Partners: In line with that Tim, have you been looking at any potential vertical component areas? You’ve done obviously well with Green Point and I know you’ve stayed away from some sort of drill down component segments so what’s your philosophy about adding some of those capabilities as you go forward?
Timothy L. Main : Gradual, incremental, small steps that will develop from the strength that we have in the current business and continue to look for opportunities that we can generate from our internal capabilities. So, extensions of our capabilities near adjacencies and things like operating agreements or alliances to enrich our value proposition. So, as an investor I’d look at it as gradual incremental smaller movement to higher value add activities. We’ll continue to do that and bring different activities in to that capability but again, they’ll be less noticeable from a capital acquisition standpoint but hopefully a heck of a lot more noticeable to our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein – Credit Suisse.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Just a question on the alternative energy or solar part of the business, am I correct in assuming that business would be perhaps higher inventory lower turns but higher margins kind of business? If that’s correct, has the investment in that area played out more or less in line with your expectations or has there been surprises around the margins or inventory returns.
Timothy L. Main : No surprises, it has played out about as expected. It’s actually a very high volume low mix business so the inventory velocity should continue to be very high.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Then one more small one, we talked a bit about inventories, I don’t want to beat that yet again but can you give us an idea of how much of the increase was driven by shortages in a particular component where you get the majority of the material in but not the last component so you kind of get hurt by that?
Timothy L. Main : That’s really tough to do. I said earlier that a guess would be $50 to $75 million of revenue was foregone because of supply constraints so the inventory associated with that would be $40 to $50 million roughly depending on the product and customer, that kind of thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva – Citi.
Jim Suva – Citi: When I look at your EPS guidance it looks like the range of it is a little bit bigger range, it looks like it’s about a $0.12 range for the guided February quarter. Last year it looks like it was about a $0.04 guidance range and last quarter about $0.08 so it looks like the EPS range is much wider despite the revenue range being very consistent. Can you help us understand the difference about why a wider EPS range?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : If we talk operating first then I’ll get to EPS, the operating range is the same so I think it’s really to do with the share count, now we’re upwards of 215 versus 209. I think what that does is add a couple of pennies there.
Jim Suva – Citi: So nothing else?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : No, because the tax rate is the same at 20% and the interest expense is running about $20 million also.
Timothy L. Main : Q1 guidance was $3 billion to $3.2 billion and 85 to 105 in corroborating income. So it’s kind of a $15 million handle on each side.
Jim Suva – Citi: So mostly math rather than anything else going on below the line?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : Yes, absolutely.
Timothy L. Main : It’s got to do with things further down the P&L.
Jim Suva – Citi: I was just wondering if there was any one off thing?
Forbes I. J. Alexander : No, it’s pretty consistent.
Jim Suva – Citi: Then on the mobility side, if we were to look at the mobility as one piece of your company’s business and say that piece of the pie, is it fair to say that there’s a customer there that represents like more than half that business? Back to the question about diversification of the mobility, can you speak to that a little bit?
Timothy L. Main : I don’t have that information in front of me. Again, we’ve talked about higher revenue concentration in the electronic assembly area and we talked about who the 10% customer are. We’ve got very good diversification in terms of who we do business with and what areas of the business actually are profitable and accretive to the company and what aren’t so actually better balance below the covers than above the covers.
Jim Suva – Citi: I guess if you can maybe help us better understand the concern where those of us who have been following your company for five years or something remember probably the same statement could have been said back in the day when one of your European handset companies was really the bulk of it there. Can you help us understand –
Timothy L. Main : That’s a great question Tim and I think fundamentally the biggest [solid] that investors should take or the most pertinent fact is that customer, that European customer was vertically integrated and competed against our suppliers. The customers that we have that were engaged in electronic assembly today have no vertical capacity or very little. So, we’re competing against people in our industry not against the customer for their own capacity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder, LLC.
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: How close are you to what’s really going on in the end market because in looking at other companies there are a number where the company is forecasting a substantial increase in their sales in 2010 but they’re also saying that the retail sales of the product are going to go down at the same time. The reason is that last year their sales went down much more than the end market because end markets were reducing inventory. So now, even to get back to where retail sales are going to be at a lower level than last year, their sales have to go up substantially. So how much of that is happening in your business? Of course, it’s a big question, it’s how much is happening in the overall economy as well?
Timothy L. Main : It’s a valid question Alex, we wring our hands about that ourselves. I think from an economic recovery standpoint we are embedding an expectation that the economic recovery will be sluggish but sustained. So, we don’t anticipate any third or fourth dip in economic activity. So, we need a sustained, even if it’s sluggish economic recovery. If you look at our Q1 revenue, we were $280 million or something like that lower revenue than the previous year period. In our second quarter if we hit the midpoint of guidance we’ll only be $100 million above Q2 of ’09 and over that period of time we’ve generated additional market share, we’ve penetrated new customers, we’ve added new business so we’ve had to pedal the bike really, really hard to get to that point. So, to the combination of chopping wood vigorously and really focusing on efficiencies, cost reduction, lean manufacturing which we’ll continue to do throughout the next couple of fiscal years actually, we’re able to generate more income on these modest revenue levels. I think from a company performance standpoint we’re not relying 100% on the economic recovery here I think is the bottom line. We’re driving efficiencies, consolidation of operations, lean manufacturing, we’ve weeded the garden somewhat in terms of the sectors and customer we do business with. We’re really focused on generating market share, our performance and so modest revenue levels will deliver a disproportionate amount of incremental income for our company. We’ve said that consistently, I think it’s the most gratifying thing for us isn’t let’s have the big party because the recession is over, it’s the most gratifying thing is that modest levels of revenue growth which we think are reasonable in a sustained, albeit slow economic recovery will deliver inordinate returns for Jabil and shareholders. So, we’re happy to kind of present that thesis to the investor base.
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: On that theme, the second follow up question and you’ve mentioned before that your results this year are a little higher than last year even though your sales are down almost $300 million and you attributed this to being leaner, more efficient and so on but you’ve been doing lean for I don’t know, 15 years at least. You would think you had become pretty efficient by now so my question is is there something else going on here? Is there some tightening of the pricing for example, in the industry so that part of this improved earnings is any of it due to that? Due to tightening up of margins overall for everybody?
Timothy L. Main : You mean a more severe competitive environment or easier?
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Less, in other words you could be earning more on lower sales because competitors have dropped out or there’s less competition or everybody has decided to get more profits or lesser volume or so on?
Timothy L. Main : I’d say that the competitive environment – my color would be is it’s not any more hyper competitive this quarter than it’s been for the last 10 or 15 years but it’s still very competitive out there. The food supply has gone down so only the most efficient people can compete and provide the type of pricing that the market requires and still make a buck. Yes, we’ve had lean for a long, long time. This is not a flippant comment but we are getting better at it and we are seeing better results today than we have in the past. There are a couple of things going on and I did mention them in the prepared remarks. The emphasis in the industrial instrumentation medical sector has led to some significant growth. Year-over-year I think that sector in terms of share of our business is up two or three percentage points so that’s important. Continuing to emphasis the end-to-end capabilities that we have through aftermarket services and Jabil Green Point has led to some beginning to get some decent traction in the aftermarket services for instance, that percentage of our business is up a point or two year-over-year so that’s very helpful. When things are slow and the environment is very severe we get refocused, thankfully refocused on cost, quality and delivery and fundamental execution. We have that in our muscle memory very well and we’re able to exercise that and hopefully we’ll be able to express that to our advantage this year. So, it is a combination of factors but nothing easy. It’s all based on hard incremental work.
Beth Walters : Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We’ll conclude our call and happy holidays to everyone.
Timothy L. Main : Have a safe and prosperous New Year.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-06-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Vice President, Communications & Investor Relations  Timothy L. Main - President & Chief Executive Officer Forbes I.J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Steven Fox - CLSA Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Jim Suva - Citigroup William Stein - Credit Suisse Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Brian Alexander - Raymond James 
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is Kamika and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil third quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Walters, you may now begin. 
Beth A. Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2009 call. On the call with me today are President and CEO Timothy Main and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander.  This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investor section, along with today’s press release and a slideshow presentation on the third quarter. You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the website and begin with slide one now.  Our forward-looking statements -- during this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 net revenue and earnings results; our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiency and financial performance.  These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2008, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings.  Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Please turn now to slides two and three for a discussion on the results for our third quarter of 2009. On revenues of $2.6 billion, our GAAP operating income was a loss of $7.8 million. This compares to $63.1 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $3 billion for the same period in the prior year.  Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, and restructuring charges for the quarter was $29 million, or 1.1% of revenue, as compared to $85.3 million, or 2.8% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share were $0.04, as compared to $0.26 for the same period in the prior year.  Please refer to slides four and five for a discussion of revenue by division and sector for the third fiscal quarter. The EMS division revenue represented approximately 58% or $1.5 billion, a sequential decline of 10% as compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2009. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 1% of revenue.  Sector results -- automotive declined 10% sequentially and represented 3% of revenue in the quarter; computing and storage decreased 17% from the second quarter and represented 11% of revenue; industrial, instrumentation and medical sector decreased 5% from the prior quarter as a result of general market declines being somewhat offset by growth in smart meter related productions. This sector represented 20% of revenue; networking sector levels of production decreased by 14% from the previous quarter and represented 16% of overall revenues for the quarter. Declines in this sector were principally related to wireless network products unassociated with traditional enterprise markets.  Telecommunications sector decreased 1% sequentially and represented 6% of the quarter’s revenue.  The consumer division represented approximately 35% of revenues, or $900 million in the third fiscal quarter, a sequential decrease of 12%. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 0.5% of revenues. Sequential performance displays decreased by 27% from the second quarter and represented 4% of revenue, reflecting our continuing effort to rationalize the economic performance of this sector and continuing weak demand across our European customer base.  Mobility sector decreased by 12% from the prior quarter and represented 21% of revenue in the quarter. Peripherals sector decreased by 8% in the second fiscal quarter and represented 11% of revenue.  Our after-market services division represented approximately 7% of overall company revenue in the third fiscal quarter. This was growth of 11% from the prior quarter and core operating income for the division was 10% of revenue in the quarter.  In the third fiscal quarter, two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenues, while our top 10 customers in the quarter accounted for approximately 59% of revenue.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $6 million to $112 million for the quarter. Second quarter expenses were lower as a result of one-time expense reductions in areas such as recovery of legal fees and bonus as the full impact of the macroeconomic conditions on the fiscal years operating performance was revised. Ongoing expenses are forecast to remain at approximately third quarter levels.  Research and development costs were $7.2 million for the quarter. During the quarter, we also recorded through core operating income a charge associated with [Disdion’s] bankruptcy filings. Discussions with [Disdion] are ongoing so I should note that we are unable to answer questions relating to our relationship and ongoing discussions at this time.  Stock-based compensation was $13 million in the quarter. Net interest expense for the quarter was $19 million, consistent with the previous quarter.  The tax rate on net core operating income in the quarter was 20%.  I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good evening. I would now like to ask you to turn to slides 6, 7, and 8 where I’ll review our balance sheet and some of our ratios.  The company’s sales cycle in the quarter increased by two days to 22 days. Day sales outstanding increased by four days to 40 days as a result of $114 million less receivables that off-balance sheet accounts receivable securitization program.  Accounts payable days improved by two days to 64 and inventory balances declined by $146 million, while days in inventory were consistent with the prior quarter at 46 days. Inventory turns remain at eight.  Cash flow generated from operations was $78 million in the third fiscal quarter; this after a decrease in our A&R securitization usage of $94 million. Year-to-date, we have generated $387 million from operations. Our return on invested capital in the quarter was 6%.  Cash and cash equivalents were consistent with the previous quarter with cash balances being $769 million after reducing debt and AR securitization levels by $136 million during the quarter.  No sums were outstanding on our $800 million revolving credit facility.  Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $50 million. This level of expenditure primarily reflects continued investment, IT infrastructure, and maintenance capital investment.  Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $65 million and core EBITDA was approximately $94 million, or 3.6% of revenue.  We remain pleased with the manner in which we executed to our quarter’s working capital and operational plans. In a difficult economic and end-market environment, we continue to manage working capital levels and we are pleased to have generated $387 million of cash flow from operations in the year-to-date.  While cash balances have remained consistent with those beginning -- with those of the beginning of year balances of $770 million, while at the same time reducing our debt levels by $278 million. We continue -- with our continued focus on working capital management, we have the opportunity to generate $500 million of cash flow from operations in this full fiscal year.  Now I would like to give you a quick update on our restructuring activity. During the third fiscal quarter, we recorded charges of $16 million associated with our previously announced plans, while cash payments associated with these plans were $10 million in the quarter.  Through the third fiscal quarter, we’ve recorded charges of approximately $49 million and cash payments associated with this plan of $17 million. Discussions with our employees and their representatives continue and we are complying with all statutory and consultation periods required of us. As a result, we currently estimate charges of $7 million and cash payments totaling approximately $15 million will occur in the fourth fiscal quarter.  In summary, we are pleased with the way in which we executed in our quarter. I would like to take a moment to talk about our year-over-year operating margin decline from 2.8% to 1.1%, while revenues have fallen 15% or some $500 million over the same time period, as I believe that it’s important to understand the various elements of this margin decline and how these will translate to operating income margin expansion when we see a return to revenue growth.  Of the 1.7% decline, 50 basis points were attributable to our SG&A cost base; the balance attributable to the distressed automotive customer charge, changes in foreign exchange, and most importantly fixed cost absorption. An important point here is that the value-add portion of our revenue stream has been relatively consistent throughout this period, reflective of a rational pricing environment.  SG&A expenses have been relatively fixed over the last year. I would expect this to be the case as we see revenues recover. Along with the absorption of fixed manufacturing costs, such as buildings, depreciation, information technology infrastructure, engineering and procurement activity, and a reduction in our overall cost base of $55 million annually occurring as a result of our restructuring activity.  In summary, we are well-positioned as we see revenue growth [over a] rapid margin expansion in the range of $0.10 to $0.15 per dollar of revenue growth.  With that, I would now ask you to turn to slide nine and give you a business update and fourth quarter guidance.  While we remain in a difficult and somewhat uncertain broad-based macroeconomic environment, we are seeing stabilization across all the sectors we serve. As a result, we shall not be providing specific sector guidance for the fourth quarter.  Overall company guidance for the fourth fiscal quarter is as follows: revenue is estimated to be consistent with that of the third fiscal quarter in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion. Core operating income is estimated to be $25 million to $50 million, reflecting ongoing benefits of our restructuring and cost containment initiatives. As a result, core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.02 to income of $0.12 per diluted share.  Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be consistent with $112 million; research and development costs are expected to be $7 million. Intangibles amortization, also expected to be approximately $7 million. Stock-based compensation is estimated to be $13 million in the fourth quarter. Interest expense is estimated to be consistent with the third quarter of $19 million, and we expect, based upon current estimates of production and income levels, a tax rate on core operating income to be 20% for the quarter.  Finally, capital expenditures for the fourth quarter are estimated to be somewhat consistent with those of the third quarter, reflective of ongoing IT infrastructure refreshes and maintenance capital expenditure levels.  With that, I would now like to hand the call over to Tim Main. 
Timothy L. Main: Thank you, Forbes. Fiscal Q3 turned out as expected. Demand continued to decline with uneven performance across most of our sectors. Some were a bit weaker than expected while others, such as our industrial instrumentation and medical, and our AMS division, performed well in spite of the circumstances.  The six-month period from mid-October to mid-April has been one of the most turbulent and difficult in our corporate experience. Excluding new business, revenues declined over 30% from fiscal Q1 to fiscal Q3. For Jabil, this was a higher level of decline than experienced in the dot.com implosion and in a shorter period of time. In addition to seeking new opportunities for growth in existing and adjacent markets, we focused on cash generation and cost control. We’re preserving our ability to grow again and to invest in our core business.  While we should and we will always effort to do better, we have produced $387 million year-to-date cash flow from operations and have converted $356 million in inventory to receivables or cash since the end of our first quarter. Our liquidity and ability to grow are in excellent condition.  Late in our February quarter and into the middle part of our May quarter, business continued to decline, albeit at a slower rate. More recently, we began to see genuine stabilization across most of our industry sectors, giving us higher confidence and guiding the consistent revenue levels for our August quarter. The cost reductions we’ve been driving, as well as the ramp of new business in targeted markets, will drive better earnings on similar revenue levels.  And now we turn to the future earnings power of the company and we have a very high confidence in our ability to quickly expand margins and income with revenue growth. Although mix will play a role, as will the timing and strength of the recovery, our operating leverage will be significant as we grow revenues back to the $3 billion per quarter level and above. With our market share and new business activity in a positive position, we look forward to growing our business again in a somewhat more receptive economic environment. 
Beth A. Walters: Operator, we’re ready to take questions and answers now, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good evening, guys. Forbes, just a question, you talked about 10 to 15 [inaudible] incremental dollar revenue flowing through the operating income line. If I kind of do my math, it looks like on a $3 billion revenue run-rate, you should be able to hit something around the 3% EBIT margin. Would that be the correct way to think about it in the long run as demand starts to come back?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Absolutely, Amit, yes. It’s very much depending on the mix but for that type of range, if you look at the midpoint of the range to the guidance that we’ve given for the upcoming fourth fiscal quarter against that incremental revenue, that certainly gets us to that 3% and relatively comfortably, so yeah, we feel pretty good about that. The leverage that we have here, we’ve seen some of that on the way down with my prepared remarks, as we’ve seen on a year-over-year basis about $0.5 billion of revenue to come out the top line and we certainly see that recovering on the way back. And we continue to take cost down and we are in really good shape for revenue recovery. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, and then just broadly speaking, I realize you don’t want to get into details on each of the end markets in terms of guidance but this generally would be a time we should start to see some of the consumer centric markets start to see some up-tick in seasonality. Are you guys seeing that at all and is that getting offset by flat or softness in the enterprise and networking side?
Timothy L. Main: We generally would not see a big up-tick in the August quarter. I mean historically, Amit, this has been -- this is kind of a challenging quarter. Consumer is really transitioning products into new products for the Christmas selling season and enterprise markets tend to be pretty sleepy, so this is a quarter where historically we’ve been happy to have consistent revenue and earnings historically. We are starting to see enterprise spending in some of the U.S. markets pick up a bit. That’s been good to see. And on the consumer side, more stabilization and we have decent exposure in the smart phone market now and that’s held in pretty well and we think we’ll be pretty robust as we move into the Christmas season, so I don’t think there’s anything out of -- anomalous about the quarter in terms of certain sectors being more robust or more weaker than others.  It’s pretty spotty -- you know, it’s a pretty spotty period. We are definitely not leaning into a recovery with this guidance. We are leaning into a bottoming of the market. There are some -- you know, a few green chutes out there but they could be mowed under and muddied up pretty quickly so really, we are not leaning into a robust recovery. We are really kind of planning on a bottoming, which is what we see in terms of our market sectors overall. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. That’s it for me. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with CLSA.
Steven Fox - CLSA: Thanks. Good afternoon. Tim, two questions -- first of all, can you talk -- you mentioned that you felt positive about new business opportunities. Can you sort of talk about the status of those and where you see the most opportunity near-term, or is it too soon to start thinking about new program wins? And then secondly, just details on the 10% customers, if you don’t mind. 
Timothy L. Main: The first one is pretty easy -- we’re not going to provide the 10% customer detail at this point. I think we’ll probably do that after the year-end, maybe. You know, our customer concentration has actually been in pretty decent shape this year, under 60% for the first time. Most of the year, it’s the first time in my memory that we’ve been able to have that level of diversity in the top end of our customer range.  In terms of new business, when we look at the industrial instrumentation medical sector, that sector I think was down only 5% for the quarter and that’s indicative of a number of new business wins, and some strength in the smart grid clean tech area that is starting to blossom for us. We have some longstanding businesses and things like alternative energy with wind power and that type of thing but we are also building more product for smart grid applications in the power grid. So that’s been good, as well as new business wins in medical and we are starting to see some glimmers of hope in our semi-con business as well, so pleased to see that.  In the mobility area, the reason our revenue is only down 15% year over year is really the strength of new business wins in that area, which had been very significant and although our mobility sector was down sequentially a bit, we still expect that to be a very robust sector for us going forward.  You know, we’ll see some broad-based new business wins elsewhere. It’s not a heck of a lot to hang your hat on right now, just because overall demand has been so weak that it has really swamped the benefit of new business and I think we’ll be in a position to talk more about that when we get into Q1 and Q2 and maybe we start to see a little bit more robust economic environment, we can talk about which sectors we think will be really driving the growth going forward. 
Steven Fox - CLSA: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. I guess if I could maybe look at the segments a bit overall, you are guiding overall to revenue to be flat sequentially. Would you expect for the segments, would you expect them to, within each segment, experience typical seasonality that they have seen historically? I mean, you did comment that the industrial is probably a bit healthier and I don’t know if that continues into the fourth quarter, maybe mobility is a bit healthier but maybe just trying to gauge it versus what we’ve seen historically by segment. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: They are all relatively -- looking relatively stable. Automotive will have its typical summer seasonality, which is roughly down 10% but it’s becoming a less significant portion of our business, 2% or 3% as we look forward here, so not really meaningful in terms of seasonality. But otherwise, as we’ve been saying, we’re seeing some stabilization across most of these sectors and on a relative basis, everything is looking relatively flat within a percent or two. There’s no real wide variation. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so everything more likely to be relatively flat sequentially with not a lot of variation, is that fair to say?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: That’s fair to say with the visibility we have right now, automotive, you should see some seasonality and again, not material to our overall business. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then Forbes, on the balance sheet, you guys have made some good progress in reducing the inventory levels and generating some cash. It seems like at least you probably stabilized -- my guess would be that you’ve stabilized at these levels and it’s going to be harder to get additional -- do additional working capital. Make additional progress on your working capital -- is that fair to say or do you think you can take some additional inventory and accounts receivable down, considering the revenue is going to be flat? Or what are your expectations there?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I think certainly on the payables and the receivables, they are relatively flat. That’s really now around the mix of the revenue stream and the material stream, and with expectations that for that mix of business is pretty consistent. I think -- you know, expect similar results for Q4.  In terms of inventory, you know, we’ve got some very focused efforts going on there and I should say we’ve made some decent progress in dollar terms, in terms of [inaudible] and base 46. But I certainly even with flat revenue levels, I think we have an opportunity to perhaps take another day or two out, which is $25 million to $50 million. Some of that will be predicated upon how we see Q1, our fiscal Q1 looking, which is too early to talk about that yet but historically, you’ll recall that that is our big seasonal quarter with our consumer exposure. So a lot very much there depends upon the ramp of that quarter -- in other words, are we going to start to see a consumer build in the month of September or are we going to see a [leap] in consumer builds this particular year in this recession into October or November timeframe? Clearly we see that build. We indicated from our customer base, September we’ll need to preposition some inventory but towards the end of August, early September fallout [inaudible].  It’s a little bit early to call yet but certainly I think there’s still opportunity for a day or two. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: A follow-up to an earlier question on just new business wins -- maybe if you could comment on what you are seeing on the outsourcing environment, whether you are seeing potential larger programs coming to market, OEMs starting to look a little bit more at -- you know, changing their model from a fixed cost to a vertical cost structure. 
Timothy L. Main: Without speaking about any large opportunities that may be out there, we absolutely expect to see a replay long-term of the move to outsourcing following a recessionary environment that is similar to what we saw in the 2000/2001 timeframe. That prompted a period of growth for the industry and for our company that was really, really very, very strong. Our revenue grew about $7 billion, $8 billion over a four-year period following the last recession, so we think we’ll see that again. There will be -- you guys will absolutely pick up on news that some vertical OEM pulling business back inside, potentially building a new factory. That’s also a normal behavior in the middle of a recession when they are really struggling to fill their own assets. I think the long-term -- the longer term response to that ability to manage their fixed costs, manage the manufacturing base will be to outsource.  I like our position, given the -- kind of the broad diversified exposure we have to a wide range of industry sectors and our ability to capitalize on those opportunities as they come up. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: But -- I’m sorry, your sense is right now that -- at least my sense is it doesn’t seem like it’s changed right now. It’s -- maybe as we look out a few quarters you would see that acceleration but right now it’s pretty much the same as if we look back six months, 12 months. 
Timothy L. Main: I’m not sure how to gauge that for you. There are a number of opportunities out there and my sense is that our vertical OEMs will continue to outsource more. When exactly they will show up into the revenue stream, you know, unclear to me.  Our industry overall continues to grow significantly and although 2009 will be an anomalous year in that growth because of the recession, it will certainly outpace the growth of the overall electronic market and I think when we look in 2010 and 2011, see very strong signs that the industry will grow robustly again. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, and then a follow-up question on the restructuring program -- given the cash charges taken to date, my math suggests maybe there’s say $45 million to $50 million of annualized savings here to come over say the next four to six quarters. Is that a proper estimate?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Over the next four to six, yeah. When we announced the restructuring program, we talked about $55 million on an annualized basis, so yeah, I think just the mental math, I think you’re about right there, yes. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citi. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great, thanks. Tim and Forbes, can you maybe help us better understand a little bit about the solar revenue opportunity, kind of when should we start to see these revenues come in? I assume it’s probably calendar, early part of calendar next year or -- and also, how big of a revenue opportunity it is, the margins associated with it, and what type of capital commitments that you have for this, as we’re really not used to hearing much about the solar industry going to EMS but it seems like it’s the trend that’s probably actually going to accelerate. 
Timothy L. Main: I think it’s a great long-term opportunity for us and I wouldn’t look at it as being a wide, wide departure from what our core business is. These are power generation panels. They are electronic in nature. They use our present factories. Some of the process technology is a bit different. Some of the machinery equipment is a bit different but the level of capital expenditure, for instance, relative to revenue is similar to what we would find in printed circuit board assembly, so certainly not distorted from a fixed asset investment or capital exposure.  So we will defer much commentary on specifically the solar areas until later quarters as we kind of ramp into production and mature the relationships that we’ve developed in that area. Having said that, I think we are very excited about our presence in a wide range of clean tech industries which are -- some of which are currently embedded in our industrial instrumentation medical segment. We talked about smart grid products, wind generation products, and adding this exciting opportunity in alternative power generation and solar technologies is really a part of a more broad-based effort to connect the company and connect our business to what we think will be a sustained, long-term robust growth in an area that will definitely employ our strong skillsets in global supply chain manufacturing and supply chain management.  I think again, long-term, getting out of what’s going to happen over the next quarter or two, looking over the next two or three years, we’re very excited about our presence in that whole area. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: And then as a quick follow-up, on the after-market services, does that market tend to typically do a little bit better during a recession as people maybe try to upgrade their servers rather than replace new servers, or is your after market services just growing that much faster and should we look at it to continue to grow as a piece of the pie that you have?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, we’ve had some interesting debates with our folks that run our [inaudible] services area and what the recession actually means. I mean, it’s true that people will repair products more often in a recessionary environment than buy new ones. On the other hand, there’s so much less new product flowing into the environment, people are buying 30% less products. Eventually you think that that would catch up to you. So we’re not sure. In the short-term, I think it’s probably good and I will say that our [KMS] division is doing an outstanding job in securing new programs and expanding their presence, so they are legitimately apples-to-apples growing their business significantly and doing a great job of running it. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you very much, gentlemen. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from the line of William Stein with Credit Suisse.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thanks. I’m wondering if you could talk a bit about the plastics business at Greenpoint. I know traditionally there’s a lot more operating leverage potential in that business. Can you tell us -- maybe give us an update as to how our sales are tracking there relative to the rest of the company?
Timothy L. Main: Well, they’ve experienced a significant reduction in revenue after fiscal Q1 of ’09, so Q2 and Q3 were very low quarters and we experienced significant deleveraging of our profitability there. And having said that, they’ve done an outstanding job of managing costs but also of penetrating new opportunities to grow their business, particularly in the smartphone area. I think when we look at fiscal 2010 and a number of new programs that are ramping as we speak and into fiscal Q1 of 2010, we expect to enjoy positive operating leverage with our plastics vertical business.  You’re right in that the value-add associated with that business is about twice the value-add that we have in our EMS, traditional EMS business and that means that the fixed cost as a percentage of that value-added and manufacturing cost is much higher than our legacy business, so there’s a stronger operating leverage going both ways. They’ve had a couple of rough quarters in Q2 and Q3, beginning to see some significant recovery in Q4 and into Q1, we think that business will continue to be in good shape.  It’s our technology and know-how in that area is contributing significantly to our ability to grow the mobility space, and so I’d say legitimately, genuinely that it’s a key part of our value proposition and value stream that we offer to -- particularly to higher end customers in that space. 
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Great, and then maybe shifting to the telecom segment, you did the Nokia Siemens networks deal a few quarters ago and now they are buying part of Nortel’s assets. I think it’s another customer that you were ramping prior to their bankruptcy. Can you comment as to how that relationship is progressing relative to this announcement we saw earlier in the week?
Timothy L. Main: Well, we are trying to do business with everybody that we think is going to be strong and survive and establish a presence in the technology products that we think will be important in those companies longer term. I can’t comment on the NSN Nortel acquisition or what that will mean to us. Truthfully, we’ve been positive about the relationship with Nortel but given the circumstances there, it would be inappropriate for us to comment much on that and in truth, to date it’s not been very material to our results. 
William Stein - Credit Suisse: And then one real quick one, if I can, we have a write-down [from disti] on this quarter, not too surprising. Do you think there’s anything else that could be come along the lines of credit problems with customers, or do you think we are behind that now?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: No, I think we’re in pretty good shape. We have a pretty robust process. Clearly there was always some risk to run in the automotive space here over the last 12, 18 months, as credit markets declined in overall economic recession but otherwise, we are in pretty good shape with the balance of our customers. We feel good that we shouldn’t see any future events. 
Timothy L. Main: What we have left in the automotive space is actually pretty good company, we’re well-capitalized, [inaudible] any credit risk, so -- 
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alexander Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Good afternoon. I’m going to ask you about the guidance for the fourth quarter. That seems like a very wide range. I got on late so you might have covered this during your presentation but what explains that wide range and what does it depend on?
Timothy L. Main: I think it’s the same range that we provided in Q3. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: I’m talking EPS now, is what I’m talking about. 
Timothy L. Main: EPS should be very similar as well. We had a $40 million spread in core operating income in Q3. We actually have a $25 million spread in Q4. That’s actually tightened up a little bit. We’ve taken money. We’ve increased the flip-side of our guidance from zero to $25 million in core operating income and raised the high-end from 40 to 50. And in terms of very specific [inaudible] on the EPS range [inaudible] -- 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: -- cents, 25 to the low end of the range -- 
Timothy L. Main: That’s versus $0.16 last time, right because minus -- 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: We’ve tightened the range now. 
Timothy L. Main: Still a wide range -- you know, who knows? We believe we see a bottoming of the economy. We believe we see genuine stabilization of the revenue levels. We believe that we’ve got the right products, the right customers. We think we are going to do significantly better before than we did in Q3 in terms of earnings. But you know, this economy is a long, long way from being in a healthy mode where you can determine direction, so I think it’s pretty prudent for us to remind investors that we are wary of the actual [inaudible] sell-through to customers and we need to give ourselves a range and remind investors through that guidance that given the economic environment, earnings are far from a certainty. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, second question is you mentioned earlier the possibility that some manufacturers initially might decide to move some things in-house. Do you have any examples of that in your business?
Timothy L. Main: I think the one that’s been well-publicized is the Nokia announcement three, four months ago. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Right. 
Timothy L. Main: Other than that, we don’t have any significant customer accounts that [inaudible] that type of move. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Because recently NCR announced that they would in-source some ATM manufacturing and as I can determine, the reason they are doing that is so they can get some tax incentives from the State of Georgia that require a certain number of jobs to be created in the State of Georgia. And it really has nothing to do with the economics actually of in-sourcing. But there was some comment accompanying that in some of the local press that oh, there’s a trend toward in-sourcing. But from what you can tell, is there any such thing?
Timothy L. Main: I don’t think there’s any such thing. I might have mentioned NCR but I’m glad you brought it up. I forgot that that was a public statement that they made, so -- you know, these OEMs will have certain drivers, different personalities, and opportunities like NCR has to receive significant tax benefits for an activity that maybe they think can be supported domestically within their own site.  [If you take] a couple of data points, a $1 trillion dollar industry and say that’s a trend, I don’t think so. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Yes, well, there was a bill in the State of Georgia that if you can create 1800 jobs or more, you can get some tax incentives. Well, the only way they could do that was to in-source this ATM manufacturing because they didn’t have enough people coming from Dayton to meet the 1800 bogey. This is not the way the press presented it but it’s obviously the case, so it had really nothing to do with lowering costs or anything like that. 
Timothy L. Main: Right, well, the politics that we are in today are going to really be very negative towards out-sourcing and that type of thing. I mean, that’s -- let’s just accept that but recognize that the trend to out-source and the cost benefit of out-sourcing are so compelling that these temporary political statements I think will impact the temporary and the broader economic force of what compels OEMs to do what they do will prevail.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Well, you are absolutely right. The CEO of NCR bragged that oh, we’re bringing jobs back from overseas when in reality, they are coming from South Carolina. Okay, thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Thank you. So you had commented a little bit earlier, it sounds like we are seeing a little bit of stability here and that’s kind of continued on from the last call and Tim, I think you made a comment earlier, it sounds like enterprise is picking up a little bit. So without assuming guidance and just in talking around your business and mix, when we eventually get to a recovery point, what in your mind is going to show some of the stronger recovery signs, you know, excluding some of these newer markets such as smart grid, where this is really kind of new business to the industry but as you look at your traditional business, where do you expect to see some of those stronger recovery points?
Timothy L. Main: Well, I mean, this may sound disingenuous but IT enterprise spending and consumer electronics I think will be very robust. There’s been under-investment. There’s been under-investment in IT. There’s been under-investment in data centers and computing. Consumers have been on the sidelines. When we look at parts of our consumer electronics business year-to-year, unit volumes are down 40% to 45%. I mean, it’s a huge drop in sell-through rates, so consumers come off the sideline and start to buy again, I think we’ll see significant up-ticks in printing, in mobility, and in some of the other set-top boxes and some of the other areas that we support.  The sectors like telecommunications and our industrial instrumentation medical segments that have performed relatively well short-term, but we won’t be as robust on the up-side. But when you look at enterprise IT spending, I think we should see significant growth there. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: There’s some OEMs that have started to plant some of the seeds with the investor community around the opportunity that might come with the next Windows release and I didn’t know if there was anything from your perspective, commentary on drivers around that and how you expect that could translate within your own business.
Timothy L. Main: We don’t have much of a PC or even an industry-standard server business. Our computing and storage sector is -- gosh, must be 80%, 90% now, high-end enterprise storage, along with some lower end mid-range products but dominated by high-end enterprise storage products. Our networking sector is enterprise IT. There’s some consumer level products in there but we don’t -- I’m really referencing sectors that we play in today. We really don’t play in the industry standard server or PC notebook market. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: That’s helpful around the servers. And then lastly, on the industrial side, so when you talked about some of these -- the newer programs that you are having a little bit of benefit from that are relevant to the smart grid, you have some partnerships with some near companies, solar companies. Obviously this is still a pretty small space in general for you today but is there a particular group within those cleaner technologies that is much more meaningful versus another, or are they around similar levels?
Timothy L. Main: Well, you know, if we consider our participation in smart grid, smart electronics, power reduction efficiency, lighting, as well as things like solar and group that into a business activity which is directed towards power and energy, efficiency, and alternative power generation, it’s actually already a pretty decent business for us and I think that solar will be just a part of what we have in that total business activity. And I expect it to be -- I expect it to increase in importance over the next few years. It’s really a long-term play for us, not anything that will make a difference in how we perform in Q4, probably how we will perform in Q1. It’s a farther out prospect although we do have new relationships in that space and we will be ramping those relationships through 2009 and our historical behavior and protocol on that type of thing is to talk about those customers or activities when they become meaningful to our results, and that’s still a few quarters off in the distance, so I think we’ll provide more detail, more information on what’s happening there as we get closer to the advent of material revenue and meaningfulness to our business. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: That’s helpful. And sorry, one quick follow-up, if I could -- in terms of the guidance, if we were to extend the current environment from August, and I know we’re not giving some commentary around obviously the November quarter but if we were to assume generally similar levels, should the restructuring benefits that we are seeing that’s basically embedded in your guidance for August, kind of around 30 basis points, should we see something similar to that transpire?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Yeah, that’s reasonable. Your question is if revenue levels were consistent?
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: That’s correct. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: -- Q1, yeah, that’s reasonable. We’ve got ongoing restructuring activity. We expect about $15 million of cash expenditures associated with that in Q4, so yeah. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: That’s great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: Good afternoon. Just going back to the comment that you expect to see the $0.15 of each incremental revenue dollar drop to the operating line, what are the key assumptions embedded in that expectation as you think about mix shifts, utilization levels, et cetera? And what segments are most responsible for driving that? I’m just trying to understand what would have to happen for that leverage to not materialize on the revenue -- where the revenue would actually get to that level?
Timothy L. Main: Let’s be clear on -- there was a range. It was $0.10 to $0.15, so in that range, there’s assumptions around mix, a more materially intensive revenue stream that we might find in low-end consumer electronics or highly commoditized activities like high volume printed circuit board assembly, will produce fewer operating income dollars per incremental dollar revenue. If we were to see that revenue increase, slanted more towards our vertical integration activities, our higher margin sectors, then we’ll be at the high-end of that range, maybe a little bit better. So there’s a mix.  So if you were to take that midpoint, same thing, company grew all sectors at the same rate, at the same time, we’d expect to see $0.12, $0.13, $0.14 of operating leverage, depending on how we did.  What do we need to assume? We need to assume that the company manages what it can manage, which are things like SG&A expense that we absorbed the fixed costs that we have in place today and that pricing doesn’t collapse, and I think that’s one of the reasons that Forbes discussed, all of the value-add to the revenue stream today versus a year ago, because I think it’s very important to note that the value add on our revenue stream today is within a half a percentage point of where it was a year ago, which is like very confusing to talk to investors about what the price environment is like as they fairly -- a fairly good proxy for what’s happening in terms of value-add and pricing and the overall business. So we don’t think that price will be necessary to drive additional revenue or a significant determinant of how we are able to grow revenue. So what would it take for that not to happen? I’m not sure. It would have to be something which would be outside of our control. I think the only thing to really keep that from happening is the revenue doesn’t grow. We simply can’t seem to move from $2.6 billion a quarter back to $3 billion and I don’t think -- I don’t know if that will happen in Q1 or later. That depends on the overall economic environment and how we continue to do in terms of new business awards.  I can tell you from the management team standpoint, we have very, very high levels of confidence that in a stable economic environment, really our GDP growth of 1% to 2% a year will give us a platform that we’ll be able to grow the business significantly year over year, if there is new out-sourcing because there is new business awards because we are gaining market share. 
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: I guess I was thinking back to the mobility segment where the leverage didn’t materialize because you had to end up adding capacity where you thought you’d be able to utilize existing and I wasn’t sure if that was a risk going forward. 
Timothy L. Main: That operating leverage actually occurred. It didn’t occur at the high rate that we thought it would, so we’ve given ourselves maybe a little bit more conservative range in terms of that operating leverage than we gave ourselves a couple of years ago and -- but in truth, I mean, even though the operating leverage is a little less than we expected on the mobility ramp-up a year ago, still there. 
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: Great, thanks, Tim. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. 
Beth A. Walters: Great. Thank you very much for joining us on the call today and we appreciate your time. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-03-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters – VP, Communications & IR Tim Main – President and CEO Forbes Alexander – CFO
Analysts: Brian Alexander – Raymond James Amit Daryanani – RBC Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Jim Suva – Citigroup Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel Joe Wittine – Longbow Research William Stein – Credit Suisse
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Second Quarter 2009 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Ms. Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. Joining me on the call today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Main, and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the Investors section, along with today’s press release and a slide show presentation on the quarter. You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the web site, and begin with slide one now, our second quarter forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter of fiscal 2009 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiency, and in our financial performance. These statements and are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2008, and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I will now turn the call over to Tim Main for some opening remarks.
Tim Main: Thanks, Beth. Over the course of the second fiscal quarter, our first focus was managing working capital and adjusting our infrastructure to the lower demand levels across the board. In this respect, I think we were successful. We generated cash flow from operations of $343 million. We paid down $100 million of debt, reduced inventory levels to $200 million, and ended the quarter with $775 million in cash. We also successfully renewed our AR securitization facilities of $450 million. Our liquidity position has been enhanced by $224 million in the first quarter. We're reducing our cost structure having announced a $65 million dollar rationalization program in January. This process is under way, and we still expect roughly one-year payback on the cash cost of that rationalization. The overall business environment remains poor with limited visibility. As expected and previewed in our December earnings call, customers reduced schedules significantly, especially from mid-January to the first two weeks of February. Although the erosion in demand has abated a bit, we remain cautious and wary of further deterioration. I will turn the call over now to Beth and Forbes before I close with some additional comments.
Beth Walters: Thank you, Tim. If everyone could turn now to slide two and three, the results for our second quarter of fiscal 2009. On revenues of $2.89 billion, our GAAP operating income was a loss of $500,000. This compares to 1.6 million GAAP operating income on revenues of 3.06 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges for the quarter was 51.2 million or 1.8% of revenue as compared to 67.8 million or 2.2 for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share were $0.13 as compared to $0.20 for the same period in the prior year. On a year-over-year basis for the quarter, revenue declined 6% while core operating profit declined 25%. On a sequential basis, revenues declined by 15% while core operating income declined 49% reflecting the seasonal nature of the consumers sectors we serve and a reduction in schedules as a result of the global economic recession in which we are operating. Please turn now to slide four and five. Turning to a discussion of revenue by discussion and sector for the second fiscal quarter, the EMS division represented approximately 58% or $1.67 billion, a decline of 16% as compared with the first quarter of fiscal 2009. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 1.3% of revenue. Sector movements are as follows. Production levels in the automotive sector declined by 31% sequentially and represented 3% of revenues. Computing and storage sectors decreased by 6% in the first quarter and represented 12% of revenues. Industrial instrumentation and medical sector declined 10% from the prior quarter and represented 19% of revenues. Networking decreased by 20% from the previous quarter and represented 17% of revenues. Telecommunications decreased by 32% sequentially and represented 5% of revenues in the second quarter. And the consumer division represented approximately 36% of overall revenues of 1.04 billion in the second fiscal quarter, a sequential decrease of 15%, reflecting seasonal declines offset by the ramp of new business wins in the mobility sector. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 1.3% of revenue. Sequential sector movements are as follows. Display sector decreased by 52% from the first quarter representing 4% of revenues. The mobility sector increased by 13% from the prior quarter and represented 21% of revenues. The peripheral sector decreased by 29% in the second fiscal quarter and represented 11% of revenues. The aftermarket services division represented approximately 6% of overall company revenues in the second fiscal quarter. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 9% of revenue and revenue grew by 4% from the prior quarter. Turning now to our second fiscal quarter, there were two customers that accounted for more than 10% of revenues and our top 10% customers in the quarter accounted for 61% of revenue. Selling general and administrative expenses declined by 11% to 106 million as a result of restructuring and cost control initiatives in the quarter. Research and development costs were consistent with the prior quarter at 5.7 million. During the quarter, we also reported a distressed customer charge of 7.3 million associated with the filing for bankruptcy by Nortel. This translates to a provision for pre-bankruptcy account receivable. Stock-based compensation was 5.2 in the quarter reflecting the reversal of some previous expense associated with performance-based equity awards no longer expected to vest. Net interest expense for the quarter was 19 million reflecting reductions of debt and increased liquidity levels during the quarter. Tax rate on net core operating income in the quarter was 17%. I will now turn the call over to Forbes for a review of our balance sheets and ratio trends.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now ask you to follow along on slide six, seven and eight. The company's sales cycle in the quarter contracted by four days to 20 days. Days sales outstanding improved by eight days to 36, while accounts payable days fell by four days to 62 days. Our entry balances declined by $200 million, while days in inventory were consistent with the first quarter of 46 days. Inventory turns remained at eight. Cash flow as generated from operations were $343 million in the quarter reflective of net working capital contractions. Return on invested capital was 6% in the quarter while cash and cash equivalents increased by $195 million to 775 million. Debt levels are also reduced by $100 million during the quarter and no sums were outstanding in our $800 million revolving credit facility. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $70 million. This level of expenditure primarily reflects continued investments in our IT infrastructure and capacity to support new programs being ramped in the mobility sector. Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $64 million with core EBITDA in the quarter being approximately $180 million or 4.1% of revenue. We are extremely pleased in the manner in which we executed through our quarter’s working capital operational plan in a very turbulent economic and end market environment. Cash flow from operations of $343 million, debt levels being reduced by 100 million with cash levels increasing to 775 million. We shall continue to execute to put our plans in place to reduce inventory levels to reflect forecasted demand to which we are guiding, while continuing to manage our accounts receivables and payables balances. Capital expenditures will continue to slow through the third quarter given the overall macro demand environment. We expect our sales cycle to remain around 20 days or better in the coming quarter. As a result, cash balances at the end of the third quarter are expected to approximate $900 million while debt levels remain consistent with those at the end of the second quarter. We're also pleased to note that as we announced earlier today we have renewed our accounts receivable securitization facility with total availability under this facility of $450 million. I would now like to turn to our restructuring activity. In light of the ongoing economic slowdown, during the second quarter, we announced restructuring activity a total of approximately $65 million over the balance of fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010. Cash charges associated with such plans are estimated to be $54 million. As a result of such activity, we expect to realize $55 million in annualized cost savings. During the second fiscal quarter, we recorded charges of $32 million associated with these activities while cash payments associated with these plans were $1 million in the quarter. Discussions with our employees and their representatives continue and we're complying with all statutory and consultation periods required of us. As a result, we currently estimate cash payments totaling approximately $10 million will occur in the third fiscal quarter. We currently expect to record charges of $12 million on a GAAP basis associated with this facility. Turning to goodwill impairment, due to the recent macroeconomic environment, and in particular, the decline in our equity values as of 28th of February 2009 as compared to that of 30th of November 2008, and the resulting decline in the market capitalization, we have determined that an indicator of potential goodwill impairment is present for the second fiscal quarter. Accordingly, we are performing goodwill impairment analysis using the two step approach as required under SFAS 142. Any such impairment may also result in deferred tax valuations allowance charge. This analysis is anticipated to be completed in early April. In the event that we determine goodwill is impaired, either in whole or in part, a non-cash charge will reduce reported GAAP net income and earnings per share. The goodwill and net deferred tax asset balances at the end of the second fiscal quarter totaled 731 million and $184 million respectively. Any such non-cash charges will not impact our normal business operations, availability under our credit facilities, or are reflective of our future earnings power. I'll now turn to slide nine to give you a business update. As a result of the continuing very difficult broad-based macroeconomic environment, we estimate sequential declines across all sectors the serve. As a result, we expect at the midpoint of our guidance 10% sequential decline in revenue. We shall not be providing sector guidance for the quarter. Overall company guidance for the third fiscal quarter of 2009 is as follows. Revenues is estimated to be in the range of 2.5 to $2.7 billion, core operating income is estimated to be zero to $40 million. As a result, core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of the loss of $0.08 to income of $0.08 per diluted share. Selling general and administrative expenses are estimated to be consistent at $106 million. Research and development costs are expected to be approximately $7 million in the third fiscal quarter. And tangibles amortization is estimated to be approximately $7 million, and stock-based compensation is estimated to be approximately $14 million in the third quarter. Our interest expense is estimated to be consistent with that of the second quarter. Based upon the current estimate of production and income levels, tax rate and core operating income is expected to be 20% in the quarter. Our capital expenditures in the third quarter are estimated to be in the range of $40 million to $50 million, reflecting ongoing IT and infrastructure refreshes and maintenance capital expenditures level. I would now like to turn the call back to Tim Main for some closing remarks.
Tim Main: Thanks, Forbes. At this point, the next 90 days is now really the most important test for our company. I think – I believe we have assured ourselves of adequate liquidity and have solid control of our business. If business stabilizes, our earnings will rebound smartly and we will progress from there. If business deteriorates, we will continue to convert working capital to cash and we will increase our liquidity. We will remain flexible and adapt to the near term challenges we confront. But with challenges come opportunities and as much as anything we're working to capitalize on the opportunities to increase our long-term earnings power. It doesn't show up easily in this environment, but we have actually enjoyed new business wins in most of the sectors we serve. We are encouraging customers to narrow the supply base to fewer suppliers having sustainable financial strength and an ability to invest in critical core capabilities and technologies. We have reduced our participation in sectors that have lacked growth and return characteristics we expect. And we do think the recession will be a catalyst for more outsourcing from more companies and a broad base of industries. We are stressing customer service and maintaining an aggressive posture to build our business. Business has been unpredictable over the past year and I don't expect the clouds to break in the next 90 days. But I think people and businesses will continue to need electronic products and adjacent services and I expect much of this to be outsourced to experts like Jabil and a few others in our industry. A severe recession can be transformative and cleansing. With our financial strength, breadth of services and focus on customer service, I think we have a solid future ahead of us.
Beth Walters: Operator, we are now ready to begin our question and answer period.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Thanks. Just on the EMS segment, if I did the math right, it looks like the revenue was down about 18% year-on-year but operating income was down about 66%, so quite a bit more negative leverage than I think some of us were expecting, could you kind of talk about that and relate that to the gross margin weakness that you saw in the quarter? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Brian, yes – I mean if you look at where we have come from over the last couple of quarters, it is really about some of the declines we've seen in the EMS sectors we're serving there against the cost base we have in place. So going back, as we had started the beginning of the fiscal year, we are building a footprint, we are in place of about 3.8, $3.9 billion, and the EMS sector being a very large proportion of that, we expect those (inaudible). And as we come through, we have seen somewhere in the region of $300 million to $400 million of revenue peel off there. And it is a case of appropriately bringing our cost base in line as that revenue declines which we are attacking. We have announced a restructuring plan in the quarter. That is in process. We're communicating that to our employees and we should start to see benefits of that moving forward into the back half of the year. The one thing we do need is revenue declines to abate with the end markets we're in. But it is principally around the rate of decline you have seen there. Now as you point out, the consumer division is doing relatively well given the marketplace we are facing here with some sequential growth in our mobility sector, offset by seasonal declines in displays and peripherals. So it is really about appropriately sizing the cost base in the EMS sector and to a degree the consumer sector.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: And then maybe just comment on the guidance, the pretty tight range of revenue guidance, 2.5 to 2.7 billion, but clearly a wide range of profitability of breakeven to 40 million in terms of core operating income, what is driving such a wide range of operating incomes on such a tight range in revenue outcomes?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. So if you look again, I take you back to the progression of what we've seen in terms of declines in revenues. So what we saw in the second fiscal quarter versus the first fiscal quarter, for every dollar of revenue, we saw approximately a $0.10 of income peel out. The low end of our guidance, as you point out, the range is wider, the low-end of our guidance for fiscal Q3, we suggested $0.12 to $0.13 type decline for $1 revenue. So we're really depending on the mix across our sector base, some of the potential timing of that and our restructuring activities will very much depend where we land in the quarter. So there is some – there is little bit of conservatism built in there at the lower end given that metric that I just quoted of $.10 on the dollar of decline, but we feel it is appropriate given the overall macroeconomic condition in the markets we are serving, so appropriate but I think realistic in terms of the range.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Okay…
Tim Main: I think the revenue guidance being a little bit tighter is a little bit of a function of I think the rate of erosion slowdown a bit and I feel a bit more confident that our revenue range is pretty solid. The mix of the business will have a pretty significant impact to the actual profitability levels. And frankly I think we are just being relatively conservative in this environment. Operator, we will take the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. In the past, you have talked about I think looking at strategic alternatives on the display and even the auto business. Is that still on the table and do you expect to have some sort of decision on that business in the near term I think given that profitability continues to be an issue in both those segments?
Tim Main: Both segments are much less of an issue than they have in the past. We have really proactively worked those sectors down below 7% of revenue and so I wouldn't expect them to be a significant topic of discussion going forward.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: All right. And then I guess looking to calendar 09, do you get a sense that this should be the low point in terms of the May quarter from a revenue perspective or do you think it remains choppy and will possibly continue to trickle down sequentially on a broader revenue basis?
Tim Main: I don't think our crystal ball is any better than yours and visibility is pretty tough to predict. I think we have just really recently over the last three or four weeks started to see a little bit most stability. And our February report versus our March report, but March reports are really bad. Our February quarter was up a little bit by the fact that December was still a pretty good month in terms of run rate and the consumer season and then the inventory adjustment took place I think customers probably overshot or were a little bit too optimistic in the October, November, December time period. And that was definitely an inventory adjustment in the January, February period. So I think your March reports will probably reflect that as well. And as well, early, if we were reporting in April, which we would have if we are a March reporting, we might have a little bit in guidance and a little bit more confidence that maybe we were starting to see the bottom. This coupled with recession here, bottoms are unpredictable. They by nature tend to be pretty choppy, but what you will see is revenue levels starting to stabilize overall. The mix will become very unpredictable but the fact that we are winning new business if we gain some stability, the numbers still have to go up, they just have to stop start going down at the rate they have been. Then the new business wins will begin to show positive growth in revenue and will start to enjoy some significant operating earnings leverage. At this point, we are being – if we had to take a guess, the $2.7 billion range is kind of where we are today. We are guard banding a bit for further erosion down to 2.5. And we will see I think our primary focus right now is to make sure that we have the right liquidity and the right financial flexibility which I think we have done and then when things start to stabilize whether it is this quarter or next quarter, then we will be able to start to grow earnings and margins again.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: Fair enough. Just a final question for me, Forbes, you guys did a pretty good job with cash and ratio in the quarter, could you just update us on your thoughts regarding the debt that comes due next year and is the goal really just to pay it off with the cash you have or roll over the debt with some new issues at some point?
Forbes Alexander: Amit, we will continue to look at that, but certainly with the cash generation that we are seeing, certainly very, very healthy levels as you pointed out this quarter, we expect that to be healthy again at the end of May. But certainly you we will keep an eye on the credit market overall and depending where the bottom is here, we continue to see further cash generation. If this were not the bottom, we all hope that it is, but certainly cash levels with our working capital would remain in that 900 plus type arena. So we will mark to the credit markets. I think there is opportunity to potentially redeem those but we will wait and see. We will wait and see. Obviously, when we see an upswing, we will be consuming working capital just when that occurs, but there is material in July next year. We have got plenty of runway yet to determine the course of action. Right now, we're focused on liquidity, growing the cash balance and managing working capital.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: Fair enough. Thanks a lot for your time guys.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you. Tim, last quarter you gave a lot of detail in terms of how you thought about revenue in the quarter and the guidance that you gave and then talking about this quarter that you are handicapping the revenue by about 9%. I was hoping maybe you would give us a little bit of detail on how that works out versus – how the quarter played out versus your expectation? Clearly, the revenue was a bit better than the Street was expecting and then also what you see going into the third quarter?
Tim Main: It was a little bit like Q1 in that when we have the conference call, orders really hadn't been cut and we were looking at a forecast which was significantly higher than we were guiding to. And in December, we felt that probably when January rolled around that customers – there was a high probability that customers would come back and cut their forecast and that is what happened. So the same thing again happened in September, we provided guidance, and then mid-October through November, customers cut schedules pretty significantly, so I think it played out pretty close to how we thought it would play out. You know we went into the quarter with a much higher revenue level than 2.88 billion, and experienced the erosion again in mid-January through February. Again the last three or four weeks have been relative to our experience since mid-October has been relatively stable. I wouldn't say numbers have been real good but we have seen a couple of customers here and there enjoy higher sell through rates and a couple of upsides that have offset a couple of downsides so starting to look like we are either there or approaching a bottoming off the recession. But again I think Forbes said and I will say it again I think we are taking – continuing to take a – be wary of additional potential erosion in trying to handicap that into our guidance.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. That is very helpful. And then, Forbes, in terms of the portion of the debt that is on the – in the current portion, I was hoping you could give us a little detail of what is in that current portion and also give us an idea of what you think your maintenance CapEx is, is that 400 million to 500 million a quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Maintenance CapEx is about $30 million to $40 million a quarter in terms of the maintenance CapEx. In terms of – sorry the first part of your question, I'm sorry, Sherri…
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: In the current portion of your debt, what is actually in that number right now?
Forbes Alexander: Okay. That is primarily the on balance sheet accounts receivables securitization program.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Forbes Alexander: That is a 364 day facility.
Tim Main: There is two. There is a US and European, and the European one is on balance sheet.
Forbes Alexander: European is on balance sheet and the US once is off-balance sheet.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: And you renewed both of those?
Forbes Alexander: That is correct, yes.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Great, thank you. Tim, last quarter you mentioned that you had a couple customers that were looking at in sourcing a little bit to I believe to fill some of their internal capacity, not have them lay off some of their own employees and shut facilities, have we reached the end of that or are there some more room to go on that, both in terms of those couple of companies as well as are there additional ones?
Tim Main: I haven't heard of any additional ones and I think the process is pretty complete.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Okay, great. And as a follow-up, the outsourcing trend, which is the Holy Grail of this industry, but yet we are facing a recession, does it take a little bit of stability for the OEMs to start to outsource more or when you think we should start to see a meaningful push to incremental outsourcing?
Tim Main: Well, using the ‘91 recession and the 2001 and 2002 recession as guides – I know it is very hard, and I don't mean to be Pollyanna-ish about it, but we – it is hard to think – not to think in 90 day buckets. Let’s put it that way. These things take more than 90 days to transpire and have position made. So if you looked at the three to four year trend after each of the 2001, 2002 recession, and the ‘91 recession, the next three, four years were extremely robust periods of growth for the entire industry and pretty darn good periods of growth for Jabil as well. And for Jabil, that 2002 to 2006 time period was the most robust period of growth for Jabil and the industrial, instrumentation and medical sector, we opened up consumer electronics and enjoyed some great growth there. So our revenue in 2002 was 3.5 billion, by 2006 it had gone to 10.3 billion, so that is about 190% growth over that four year period, and EBITDA grew substantially as well by 73%.  So the next 90 days are important. I don't mean to minimize that and we're hard at work managing the details in our business to ensure that we manage inventory receivables and the blocking and tackling in our business that is kind of our bread-and-butter that really that is not the most important thing from running a company that intends to create shareholder value long-term. What is really important for us is to make sure that we capitalize on the opportunities. And what we think of it is, we are the best funded and financially strong large-scale global players in the business and using that to our advantage in terms of building market share and opening up new opportunities for our company with the existing and new customers and even those who have not outsourced in the past.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Okay. And then switching over to Forbes, Forbes, can you may be help us a little bit about post the restructuring efforts, what level of revenue run rate will you be repositioned? And any thoughts on the dividend, is it stable here, you planned it quarter by quarter, because the yield is about 7% if I do my math right, which is quite high?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. In terms of the dividend, I mean we obviously review that with our Board on a quarterly versus. We will continue to do that. Certainly, our cash generation is strong, but yes, we will continue to review that. My sense is that fairly there has not been any discussion about removing that dividend with these types of cash generation and recovery that we expect going forward. Jim, your first question, I didn't quite understand in terms of levels going forward in terms of revenue?
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Yes. Post your restructuring, what fixed costs and footprint run rate of revenues for profitability are you kind of gearing towards?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. So obviously with this guidance you know we're looking at breakeven of 2.5 billion or so. We will get the restructuring complete over the coming months here. Really that would – assuming revenues remained at those levels, that would certainly make us a profitable by that $50 million of annualized savings, if you will. But once the restructuring is complete, I think overall, we expect to see business wins come in and we're planning really around the 2.8 type billion dollar quarters, 2.8 to 3 billion type quarters over the coming six to 12 months.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Great. Thank you very much for the details.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Yes thanks. Good afternoon. Just a question regarding your guidance and I appreciate the fact that you're not giving specific guidance on your end markets given the lack of visibility but could you give us a sense of I mean I know you are guiding down for each of those areas but a sense of areas that are stronger than others or weaker than others?
Tim Main: In the next quarter?
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Yes.
Tim Main: The next 90 days I think mobility will be a little bit stronger than the rest and then some of our IC areas will be relatively weaker. If you were to look at the percentage of our business, kind of select any revenue number, 2.6, 2.7 billion, I think that each sector in terms of the percentage of our overall business will be relatively stable, mobility probably up a little bit and then one or two of the IT areas down a little bit.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: And is mobility, Tim, related to more customer wins? Or just strength within existing customers?
Tim Main: That has more to do with volume of existing customers.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Okay. And do you have a sense of inventory issues at customers because I know that some of them have their own inventory issues that they have to work down and how much of that do you see and how much noise do you have to deal with there aside from end market weakness?
Tim Main: In terms of customers managing their inventory?
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: That is right.
Tim Main: Yes. How that shows up for us generally is a reduction of schedules. I mean I think that had some impact to us in the January, February period. And it depends on the customers and their leverage point with us and it is always negotiation but I think we will continue to work our inventory levels down and continue to strive for lower levels of investments, short-term and long-term in our entry levels, and generally that is good for the customers. I mean if you just look at the last quarter, we did reduce interest expense I mean to the extent that we have a lower-level investment in inventory, that lowers our cost structure and it is good for the customers too. So I don't see that being, it is not like the relationship that might be in place with some d distributors, component distributors and customers and that type of thing works, but it is a straight shifting of ownership responsibilities, more of a focus I think in the industry today. It is looking at total network costs and trying to reduce those network costs and inventories and the costs customers and their EMS providers have, at the end of the day really have a common interest in reducing.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: And on that inventory issue, you did a good job of taking inventories down, and should we expect a similar reduction and do you expect to keep your inventory turns at that eight level this quarter as well, in the May quarter?
Tim Main: Keep the inventory levels at eight?
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Yes.
Tim Main: I don't see inventories falling below an eight turn level. I think we are on a very good path, we have made a significant progress late in the second half of the second quarter, and that's really where we saw the most pronounced reduction in our orders too. So we are on top of it, I think we will – I think from a modeling moral purposes standpoint I think it would be well advised to stay with eight and maybe you'll get a surprise if it becomes a little bit better but I don't think we need to worry about it being at a lower-level than that.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Okay. And then just lastly, your commentary about increased outsourcing as we get deeper into recession, and that make sense, and the question is, are you having conversations with OEM customers now that may be looking to take some of their own capacity off-line at some point?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. I mean that is consistent with general trends of the outsourcing particularly in these recessionary times, discussions are ongoing. As Tim made in his – said in his earlier remarks, there is no instant gratification, if you will, it is not next 90 to 180 days, but certainly there is some up tick with OEMs looking at their fixed costs base versus moving to a more variable model in the EMS space. So, yes, those conversations continue, but again one has to consider the timeline there in the next 6 to 12 months, but those are continuing across a number of segments.
Matt Sheerin – Thomas Weisel: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Hi. This is Joe Wittine calling in for Shawn. Most of my questions have been answered at this point. I wanted to the drill in on some of the details on the restructuring plan just to be perfectly clear I guess. So the 55 million in savings that you are forecasting, hoping you could give us some guidance for modeling, how to model the quarter by quarter. In fact you had said in the prepared comments that I think restructuring was a favorable – had a favorable impact on SG&A during the quarter, so I'm assuming you saw a little bit of the benefit in the current quarter, but I am just kind of curious how you are modeling those going forward?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. I mean there is probably $0.5 million to $1 million of benefit in the current quarter. The way really to think about this is to follow the cash. So in my prepared remarks, I give some guidance on the cash that we expect to expand next quarter, I think it is up by 10 or $12 million. So that is really tied to employees leaving the company, so as we look forward, having given guidance yet over the next 2 to 3 quarters truly becomes we are still in discussions with employees and their representatives, particularly in Europe. But certainly next quarter I would expect to see $5 million to $6 million of benefit baked into the guidance that we have seen and then you should see that progress towards a double-digit number in the following quarter and beyond to an annualized run rate of about 55 million.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Okay. That is helpful from an accounting perspective. And then what about from a balance sheet – excuse me, from a P&L classification perspective as far as the SG&A versus COGS break down, I'm assuming it will be over weighted in SG&A savings?
Forbes Alexander: It is actually more headed right now towards the manufacturing cost line, primarily because we have announced closure of one site and the scaling of direct labor in other sites. So the majority of that cost currently certainly is within the manufacturing cost line.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Okay, great. And then switching focus I want to ask a I guess a specific end market question, when I was going over your end market versus kind of what you said previously, displays looks it was a little bit better than you had thought, it was down 50% versus 70% and obviously it is difficult to forecast when numbers get that big, but just curious if anything, if there were any positive surprises there, or it was just a difficult number to forecast?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. That is no real positive surprise fortunately there. It is – and the scale of that sector, as we said – we are de-emphasizing that, but the revenue stream in the quarter was $100 million or so, so the actual dollar shift there or surprise if you will are up or down more than that large – I think just generally, it is a little more robust than perhaps we thought in the December period , but no clear indications of positive moment.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Great. And then just lastly if I could a real quick ratification, the Nortel write off, what line on the income statement should that come on, is that in COGS?
Forbes Alexander: It is actually reduction revenue because those were sums that have been built and have been reserved against.
Joe Wittine – Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks very much.
Forbes Alexander: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein with Credit Suisse.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Thanks. Tim, you spoke about some business wins and also mentioned some customer disengagement, it sounded like you guys initiated maybe because of lack of profitability with them, can you talk about what segment you saw that in and whether there is a broader strategy around that going forward?
Tim Main: Just to be clear, we didn't mention any customer disengagements. What I said is that, specifically that, reduced our participation in sectors that lacked growth and return characteristics that we desire, so no big customer disengagements. We don't expect to have any large customer disengagements actually going forward. I think the reduction in our automotive and display sectors kind of speaks for itself.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: And new wins focused in any particular area, any particular segment?
Tim Main: We certainly have done well in mobility, we continue to target the industrial, instrumentation and medical segment as a key sector that would drive our growth going forward. We intend to be very robust and aggressive in the storage sector and…
Forbes Alexander: We are doing well in the peripheral sector also.
Tim Main: Yes, we have done actually some very significant wins in the peripheral sector both in our traditional markets as well as in set top boxes. So it’s a pretty robust sector there.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Peripherals, can I take it to mean a customer consolidating into fewer vendors?
Tim Main: That could be part of the benefit that we would expect to see there long-term, but specifically with regard to new business wins, I was thinking more of the set-top box business, but certainly customer consolidating their supply base, we think would be a beneficial process in a lot of cases, in most cases, nine out of ten cases, we expect to be the benefactor.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Just one other quick one, it has been a while since we talked about Taiwan Green Point, can you – and I know you don't disclose on that separately, but can you talk about status with that part of that business in terms of delivering integrated assembly and componentry in the mobile market?
Tim Main: I think it is a true end to end solution that is still a work in process. I would say that I regard the integration of our traditional EMS services with the technology which includes the capabilities of Taiwan Green Point to be complete within our mobility sector, and it is our intent to drive that end-to-end solution with our customer base. There will be different rates of adoption and different levels of acceptance, customer to customer, depending on what their particular supply chain strategy is. The traditional vertical assets that we have shown very good profitability when loaded more typical for them to earn satisfactory returns in environment like this when numbers go down abruptly. But as recently as Q1, we have seen significant levels of profitability and we think the overall trend and our strategy is the correct one within the mobility sector. So we intend to continue to press our advantage there and our focus is more in the high range smart phone area and we think there is really know reason to believe that – and our numbers will be up and down and they will be our product and not our product, but we think that consumers overall around the world will continue to migrate to a more integrated device, and we are targeting the best customer in the world in that space, and we intend and have seen good evidence of our ability to earn our fair share or more in that space.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: So higher operating leverage in that business right? So you said…
Tim Main: Much have operating leverage absolutely. So yes, I mean in a stable to positive environment, I think it would be – mobility would be an accretive business to our overall business. In an environment like this, it is pretty tough.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s what I figured. Thank you very much.
Tim Main: Okay.
Beth Walters: Operator, I understand we have one final question on the line?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: Thanks. Just had a couple of quick follow-ups, first on the restructuring side, can you just talk about how much of those savings that we expect would actually flow through Jabil’s P&L versus how much would you have to really share with your customers as you positively transition that work from one region to another?
Tim Main: That's a great question, Amit, and I'm sorry to say I'm unlikely to give you a direct answer to it. We need to adjust our cost – you the kind of the way we look at this, let me put it this way. So we're making a judgment that probability is that we will be running at 2.8 to $3 billion run rate per quarter for the next few quarters. And we have got our cost base. We are trying to adjust our cost base to that level to earn a 3% operating margin on better. If business were worse than that, then we have to reduce our cost structure even more, and if business got better than that, then we will experience positive operating leverage and gets above that 3% level. We intend to provide our customers the absolute best cost optimized, value optimized solution in the world amount and deliver our shareholders a margin expansion and growth models for their investment in our company. So it is not as easy as black-and-white and when we talk about a 55 million a year cost reduction, that is a cost reduction we expect based on where are margins have been, that is a costs reduction that we need to earn an adequate return on our business.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: Got it. And on the revolver that we have, I think there is a covenant of three and a half times debt to EBITDA on that, and at least if I annualize the guidance we have for May, it looks like you would be breaching that covenant to me. Is that fair and is that an issue? I mean do you have to go restructure it, or do you think you'll just make enough money in the next few quarters?
Tim Main: Now let us be clear on that. If you annualize $118 million of EBITDA…
Amit Daryanani – RBC: I am sorry, I am actually talking about May quarter guidance and annualizing that.
Forbes Alexander: Amit, you're correct. The three and half times debt to EBITA, that is trailing 12 months. So we would have to be in this type of environment for the next year to be and do nothing in terms of cash generation or reduce our levels of debt to be near any beach of any covenants. So we are in particularly good shape, we have very strong cash generation this quarter as we talked about, we expect the same again next quarter. That gives us the flexibility across our capital structure and the overall management of the corporation. So we're in great shape, that covenant is certainly below three times and is anticipated to be so into perpetuity.
Tim Main: I mean if we ran the company for four consecutive quarters to breakeven, that would be a problem. But at the high end of the Q3 guidance, which I consider probably is as bad as we can imagine things getting, we're right about at the covenant. And with the cash flow generation to be over a billion dollars, we would simply go out and retire the bonds and reduce that back down to a manageable level. So let’s be clear that there is really no – there is no refunding debt risk there that we can't manage through. And the other side of it is if we got into the quarter and we thought that instead of running $2.8 billion a quarter, we are actually going to stay at $2.5 billion a quarter for the next few quarters, we have reduced our cost base more so that we can earn money at that level. And we will generate a heck of a lot more cash and actually be in a more liquid position to retire the bonds that would be necessary to stay within the terms of the covenants. We don't really perceive any funding reserve.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: Got it. That is extremely helpful. Hey Tim, just to be clear, did I hear you say that at the high end of your guidance is about as bad as you think it gets?
Tim Main: No. The guidance that we provided for Q3 is about as bad as we can imagine it getting.
Amit Daryanani – RBC: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Beth Walters: Great. Thank you very much, operator and everyone, for joining us on the call today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-12-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters – VP, Communications & IR Tim Main – President and CEO Forbes Alexander – CFO
Analysts: Louis Miscioscia – Cowen & Co. Brian Alexander – Raymond James Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Ryan Jones – RBC Capital Markets Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research Jim Suva – Citi Sean Hannan – Needham & Co William Stein – Credit Suisse
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Rachel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Jabil First Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Ms. Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters:  Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2009 call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO, Tim Main, and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in Investors section along with today’s press release and a slide show presentation on the first quarter. You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the web site, and begin with slide one now, our forward-looking statements. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, are currently expected second quarter of fiscal 2009 net revenue and earnings results. Our long-term outlook for the company and improvements in our operational efficiency, and our financial performance. These statements and are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2008, and subsequent reports on form 10-Q and form 8-K and other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would like to turn the call now over to Tim Main.
Tim Main:  Thanks, Beth. And as most of you know, we provided fiscal Q1 guidance in mid-September prior to the worst of the financial crisis and resulting abrupt reductions in end market demand. We don’t normally do this, but I think it would be helpful to review how we looked at our guidance then as will be instructed later on in the call when we cover our guidance for the second fiscal quarter. In September, we were looking at customer schedules, which translated to $3.85 billion in revenue for fiscal Q1. The demand behind the revenue was broad based but also included a significant ramp up production for our mobility customers. Anticipating that are schedules could be reduced if the economy worsens, we handicapped our revenue guidance by 9% at the midpoint with a commensurate reduction in earnings. The launch of the new mobility program was delayed until very late in the quarter which reduced our expected revenue another 3% overall. Therefore the total reduction from the beginning of the quarter revenue expectation was 12%. Excluding the effect of the new mobility program, the intra quarter reduction was 9%, right on our expectations. Given the rather severe reduction in orders over the course of the quarter, we’ve actually worked very hard and I think well to maintain inventory turns of eight. We are positioned to rapidly generate cash liquidity over the course of the current quarter as we collect receivables and liquidate inventory. We expect to exit fiscal Q2 with inventory turns of eight or better and with accounts receivables at normal levels. Our pace of capital expenditure will also slow as we adjust for the lower revenue levels. This should result in a cash flow of about $750 million by the end of February. These are very turbulent times and I hope the additional transparency is helpful for you understanding the dynamics of our business. Recessions are unpleasant, but we have taken a fairly hard blow and it appears very clear to me that Jabil’s weathering it very well. Now we will take a look at the detail we typically provide and then I will close with some additional commentary on our guidance and expectations.
Beth Walters:  Okay. If we could please now turn to slide two and three four for our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2009. On revenues of $3.38 billion, GAAP operating income was $77.7 million. This compares to $98.9 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $3.37 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges for the quarter was $101.2 million or 3% of revenue as compared to $122.1 million or 3.6% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share was $0.30 as compared to $0.36 for the same period in the prior year. On a year over year basis for the quarter, revenue was consistent, while core operating profits declined 17%. On a sequential basis, revenues increased by 4% but core operating income declined by 3%. Please turn to slide four now for a discussion of revenue by division and sector for the first fiscal quarter. The EMS division represented revenues of 59% or $2 billion, a decline of 6% as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 2.7% of revenue. Sector movements are as follows. Production levels in the automotive sector grew 7% versus the prior quarter, primarily reflecting seasonality across much of our customer base. Computing and storage sector decreased 5% from the quarter reflecting scheduled declines across the majority of customers in the sector. Industrial, instrumentation and medical sectors declined 4% from the current quarter, primarily reflecting clients and point of sale products. Networking sector levels of production decreased by 10% from the previous quarter. Telecommunication sector increased 4% sequentially reflecting new product ramps with new and existing customers. Taking a look at the consumers division, it represented approximately 36% or $1.2 billion in the first fiscal quarter, a sequential increase of 24% reflecting seasonal growth and the ramp of new business wins across the mobility and peripheral sectors. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 3.1% of revenue. The sequential sector moments are as follows. Display sectors increased 41% from the fourth quarter, on the back of a seasonal European demand across our customer base in the sector. Mobility sector increased by 43% in the prior quarter, reflecting seasonal volume growth and the ramp of new program wins with a broad range of sectors customers in the sector. Expectations came in lower than our previous guidance as a result of a new product launch being a little bit later in the quarter than previously anticipated. The peripheral sector increased by 2% from the fourth fiscal quarter as a result of more muted seasonal demand for set top boxes than previously anticipated. The aftermarket services division represented approximately 5% of overall company revenue for the first fiscal quarter. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 6% of revenue, and revenue was consistent with the prior quarter. Please now turn to slide five for divisional sector information for the quarter in percentage terms. Automotive, 4%; computing and storage, 11%; instrumentation, industrial and medical 18%; networking represented 18%; telecom 7%; and other 1%, for a total EMS division of 59%. Display was 7% for the quarter, mobility was 16% for the quarter, peripherals was 13% for the quarter for a total of 36% in this division. As I mentioned, the aftermarket services was 5%. In the quarter, two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenue, Cisco and HP. About ten customers in the quarter accounted for approximately 57% of revenue as compared to 60% last quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses were consistent with the fourth quarter at $170 million. Research and development costs were $5.7 million in the quarter. Stock-based compensation was $14.8 million in the quarter. Net interest expense for the quarter was $23.8 million, and the tax rate on net core operating income for the quarter was 19%. I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander for a look at the balance sheet.
Forbes Alexander:  Thank you, Beth. Good morning, everyone. As Beth said, I would like to review our balance sheet, and some of our ratio trends. I would ask you to turn to slide 6, 7 and 8, which I would like you to follow along with my comments. The company’s sales cycle in the quarter expanded by four days to 24 days. Days sales outstanding grew by four days to 44 days, reflecting growth in seasonal consumer sales and the new product ramps during November. Accounts payable days and inventory days were consistent with prior quarter, inventory turns remaining at eight. Cash flows used in operations was approximately $33 million in the fiscal quarter despite some net working capital expansion. Our return on invested capital, 10%, consistent with that of the prior quarter. Our cash and cash equivalents were $580 million. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $150 million. This level of expenditure primarily reflects investments in our IT infrastructure, capacity to support new programs being run in the mobility sector. Capital expenditure in the quarter were planned and permitted to support significantly higher revenue levels. Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $64 million, with EBITDA in the quarter of approximately $165 million or 4.8% of revenue. Our operating performance at the low-end of our previous guidance was a function of broad based schedule declines in the second half of the fiscal quarter, but our networking capital expanded by approximately $160 million. We were pleased with the performance given the volatile nature of the demented environment. Inventory levels remained at eight turns, a good result given when we enter the quarter with revenue forecast levels significantly higher than the end result. Accounts receivable expanded by of approximately $200 million as a result of the revenue profile within the quarter associated with consumer seasonal demand and the launch of new product volumes in November. As we enter the second fiscal quarter, we have assessed our inventory and accounts receivable positions. Firm plans are in place and being executed to reduce inventory levels, to reflect the forecasted demand levels to which we are guiding. Accounts receivable at the end of the second quarter should be back to more recently normalized levels of 40 days. Our capital expenditure level should also significantly slow as we move through the balance of the fiscal year given the macro economic demand environment. As a result, cash levels at the end of the second quarter were expected to be approximately $750 million. And I would briefly just like to update you on the cash impact of the previously announced restructuring. During the quarter, cash payments associated with our restructuring activity was approximately $19 million. Total cash payments to date against that fund is now approximately $140 million. The cash, call it the first charges, remains estimated to be $175 million, and we currently estimate approximately $6 million of cash payments to be made in the second fiscal quarter. I would now just like to take a moment to discuss goodwill impairment analysis that we are undertaking. Due to the macroeconomic environment, the overall decline in equity values, and the decline in our market capitalization, we determined that an indicator of potential goodwill impairment is present for the first fiscal quarter. Accordingly, we are performing a good will impairment analysis using a two stepped approach as required under SFAS-142. This is anticipated to be completed in early January. In the event that we determine goodwill is impaired, either in full or in part, a non-cash charge will reduce the reported GAAP net income and earnings per share. The goodwill balance at the end of the first fiscal quarter was approximately $1.1 billion. I will now turn to a business update and ask you to turn to slide nine. Our overall company guidance for the second fiscal quarter of 2009 is as follows. Revenues is estimated to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $3 billion. The resulting core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.12 to $0.16. At the midpoint of guidance as a percentage of revenue, we estimate core operating margin of 2.1%. Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be $118 million. Research and development costs are expected to be approximately $7 million in the quarter, intangibles amortization $9 million, stock-based compensation is estimated to be approximately $15 million in the second quarter. Our interest expense is estimated to be consistent with the first quarter of $24 million. And based upon the current estimate production and income levels, tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 20% for the quarter. Capital expenditures for the second quarter are estimated to be in the range of $40 million to $50 million, reflecting ongoing IT infrastructure refreshes, and ongoing investments in our mobility sector. If you would now please turn to slide ten, where I would like to cover revenue by divisions and sectors for the second quarter. As a result of the continuing very difficult broad based macroeconomic environment, revenues in the EMS division are estimated to decline 14% as compared to the first quarter, or a decrease of 13% on a year over year basis. The sector breakdown is as follows. The automotive sector is expected to decreased by 35% in the first quarter, despite some typical seasonal decline in production levels, the continued difficult worldwide environment in the automotive industry, and a concerted effort to rationalize the economic performance of the sector. The computing and storage sector is estimated to increase by 5% in the first quarter. Our industrial, instrumentation and medical sector is estimated to decrease by 7% in the first quarter. Our networking sector levels of production are expected to decline by 20% in the first quarter due to end market demand levels, and also our telecom sector is estimated to decline by 20% also again due to end market demand levels. Turning to the consumer division, estimated revenues are to decrease by 16% in the second fiscal quarter, less than is historically typical for this time of the year. This decline is reflective of the macroeconomic environment, more than offset by continuing new product ramps during this fiscal quarter. Our sector breakdown is as follows. Displays, an expectation that revenues will decrease by 70% in the first quarter, reflective of traditional seasonal decreases and our continuing efforts to rationalize the economic performance of the sector. As we de-emphasize our participation in this sector, we expect revenue levels to be less than 50% of those levels as compared to the same period a year ago, a decline of $120 million. The sector will comprise approximately 3% of revenue for the quarter. Mobility sector is estimated to increase by approximately 13% from the first quarter, reflecting a very difficult demand environment, more than offset by the continued ramp in new program wins. With Nokia’s decision to insource (inaudible) assembly and our efforts to rationalize the economic performance of the sector, we expect Nokia to be a less than 4% customer in the quarter and the fiscal year. The peripheral sector is estimated to decrease by 20% in our second fiscal quarter, reflective of a difficult economic demand environment. Finally our after market service division is expected to remain consistent at levels of the first fiscal quarter. I would now like to hand over to Tim Main for some closing remarks.
Tim Main:  Thanks, Forbes. I will make a few closing comments regarding where we go from here. First let’s consider our guidance. We are taking an approach of fiscal Q2 similar to the approach that we took in handicapping our guidance for Q1, roughly a 9% reduction to our present schedules with customers. I don’t think we’ve hit the bottom yet, but I do believe this is reasonably conservative for several reasons. Number one, customers have already severely curtailed their demand for this period relative to 90 days ago. Two, I think it is a bit less likely we will experience abrupt intra quarter schedule reductions on the order of what we experienced in Q1. And three, the large new mobility program has ramped up well. We will not be providing any guidance beyond the second quarter, but I do think there are valid reasons to believe our earnings will improve in Q3 and Q4 from second quarter levels, and let me go through a few reasons behind the statement. Some of the severe cutbacks in Q2 will be related to balancing pipeline and inventory, but this will dissipate in the second half of the year. We have cut back our exposure to underperforming sectors and you’re seeing evidence of this as our displays and auto sectors continue to decline as a percentage of our overall business. We have new customers, new programs which will begin to contribute to our business. The pipeline of opportunities is actually very good right now. Finally in this environment, customers will favor financially strong suppliers with deep capabilities and a solid record of execution and we fit that description pretty well. Many of you will be concerned with the industry dynamics in this environment. I’m sure we will see some unsavory behavior from time to time, but we see that even in good times. And I can’t tell you exactly how things will turn out, but I can tell you how Jabil will behave. I expect there will be a number of occasions wherein customers will move to consolidated their vendor base. From past recession (inaudible) we’ve added to this vendor consolidation. We will be aggressive in adding market share where we can and taking advantage of our relative strengths, but we will do so with an eye toward building margins, profitability and returns over revenue. In summary I’m actually confident we had solid control over our business and understand the dynamics very well. Conservatively, I think we have built significant liquidity in the short term and can use our financial strength to tactful advantage. It is true we are operating in a severe environment, so severe that I believe the vast majority of customers will be motivated to outsource more of their electronic content and that new customers and markets will became available to us over the next year. I would characterize our attitude as calm determination to manage well through the bottom of the cycle and position ourselves for even better results when the recovery cycle begins.
Beth Walters:  Operator, we are ready to begin the question and answer period.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Louis Miscioscia with Cowen & Co.
Louis Miscioscia – Cowen & Co.:  Okay, thank you. Hopefully, I am coming through okay. Forbes, can you walk us through I guess your thoughts about the debt coming due in 2009 and 2010, and maybe also sync that up with Tim’s opening comments about getting the cash balance back up to 750, just how you guys are going to get it back up?
Forbes Alexander:  Sure, yes, absolutely. So in terms of our debt profile, in 2009, we have two accounts receivable programs, I think everyone is aware of that that total right about $400 million that we have applied. Those come due in March and April respectively of 2009, so our plans are to renew those. That marketplace remains open. In fact, securtizations are getting done on a regular basis. So we feel very comfortable in that regard. With regards to the next maturity, that is in mid to late 2010 and those are senior notes we put in place in 2003, the $300 million. In terms of refinancing those, that parlays into the cash generation that we expect in the balance of this fiscal year and beyond. As we noted in our comments, we’ll exit the February quarter, this coming quarter with cash of at least $750 million, which is a nice position to have. With $800 million of available credit on our revolver, so $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion of liquidity. As we move through the balance of the year, I would expect continued cash generation both for the fiscal year somewhere in the region of $400 million to $500 million of operating cash generation. Our CapEx levels are slowing, I would estimate somewhere in the region of 200 to 225 for the year. So it is a pretty good free cash flow generation now. Like to call up the earnings, say, 300 million plus, which gives us plenty of flexibility should we decide to refinance those loans or not. So we feel pretty good about that. In terms of how we’re going to get there, well between now and the end of February, our accounts receivable will liquidate very naturally. We expect for the quarter of about $1.7 billion there. And if you look at the profile of our revenue in the first fiscal quarter, with the new product ramp, hundred percent of that revenue which came in the last two or three weeks in November. So that cash is slowing in the month of December, will continue to do so in January here, so no issues there. And inventory, as we have talked about, we have got some pretty firm plans there and some actions to reduce inventory levels and honestly it needs to be some modest reduction there, Lou, maybe a day or two, and we will see that 750 at the end of this fiscal quarter.
Louis Miscioscia – Cowen & Co.:  Okay great. One quick follow-up for Tim, obviously you gave us second quarter guidance, I appreciate that. I guess when you look at the rest of the year, you have said that you didn’t want to give guidance. Do you think that will hit the low point in the first quarter just from a revenue standpoint, or do you think that it is going to be pretty choppy, possibly even to continue down on a sequential basis from a revenue standpoint?
Tim Main:  For the balance of the year?
Louis Miscioscia – Cowen & Co.:  Yes.
Tim Main:  That is pretty speculative. Right now based on our continuing softness in fiscal Q2. So if things get softer from here, I don't think we have hit the bottom yet. And as things start to bottom out, but they early spring and summer, then I think we would see some revenue growth in the back half of the from Q2 levels.
Louis Miscioscia – Cowen & Co.:  Okay, thank you.
Tim Main:  Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James:  Thanks. Tim, with displays becoming a much lower percentage of your business, and that having been a significant drag on profitability in the consumers space, and with mobility gaining momentum, do think the consumer segment will be profitable in the second quarter and for the rest of the fiscal year?
Tim Main:  Yes, I think it will be. I don't think we have provided any guidance for divisional profitability, but yes, peripheral segment tends to be, or peripheral sector, excuse me, tends to be a lower margin, operating margin business but a very good return on invested capital business. Mobility is a mix of assembly services and mechanic services that the mechanic side are higher margin and the assembly side is higher margins, but again accretive returns on invested capital. The displays, it’s it's been a drag on, it is a primary drag on earnings in the division, and we think what we are doing there to rationalize operations. We may still continue to build TV sets, but it will be a smaller part of our business and tuned to economic performance as opposed to strategic penetration of the space. And so, yes, I think for the year, it will be a profitable business for us. With Q1, it was actually an accretive division because our overall corporate margins and I think it certainly has the opportunity to do that for the year, but let’s see how the rest of the year goes.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James:  Right. And then just, Forbes, a follow up. I don't know if you touched on this earlier, but do any of the loan agreements that you have total network covenants that could be affected by goodwill impairments charge?
Forbes Alexander:  (inaudible) no.
Tim Main:  We have one covenant, right?
Forbes Alexander:  Yes, that is true. In terms of the covenants that we have (inaudible) on our revolver, and the key covenant there is the debt to EBITDA ratio of 3.5 times, which we are certainly well under three and are in good shape here. So goodwill impairment would have no impact on any of our debt structure whatsoever.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James:  Great. Thank you very much.
Forbes Alexander:  Sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: 
Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?:
Tim Main:  Yes.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  Hi. A couple of questions. First of all, in terms of outsourcing trends, I think you mentioned that Nokia was pulling some business back in house. Can you talk about quantifying how much of that you saw across your customer base and how many more quarters of that do you think you are going to see where customers are more focused on pulling stuff in house before they look at reducing cost by outsourcing?
Tim Main:  It is very, very isolated and very counter to long-term, short-term and in my opinion rational trends. So isolated case, I know two customers that have done that. In both cases, it’s generally relatively marginal business and business that we tend not to put a great deal of emphasis on anyways, because we hate being in a position where we are competing with our customers’ internal capacity. So we try and avoid that as much as we can here and there we ride into it. It is typical though to begin a recession like this, again it is an aberration, but several customers might be a little bit conflicted about the manufacturing strategy to pull a couple of things inside. That will be overwhelmed by the number of customers that will engage in do outsourcing initiatives and eventually these customers that end up pulling production back inside will have increasing difficulties justifying their manufacturing investments. So we are saying we haven't quantified in the call but I'd say in terms of just kind of organic business opportunity, we're looking at $2 billion, $2.5 billion of pipeline of opportunity which is actually really good. And a pretty good percentage of that are vertically integrated OEMs looking to move into the outsourcing space and taking this opportunity in terms of slower economic activity to do what they may have plans for long time to take the opportunity, take a rationalization charge on their site, just on their factories and move their production into more efficient manufacturing like Jabil. So I think that will be, Steve, I think that will be a very pronounced trend, particularly as we get into later into fiscal 2009. So around mid 2009 I think you will see a great deal of activity that will overwhelm the isolated instances where an OEM is has points up in sight.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  That's very helpful. And then just looking at the businesses that have been giving trouble or the segments, the auto and display, as you sort of rationalize down and focus a little bit more on profits there, obviously it is a drag this quarter. Are those businesses still a drag next quarter incrementally, or as you go quarter to quarter, do they actually help profits, by some of the actions you are taking?
Tim Main:  It is still dilutive, so we are still struggling with profitability there a little bit, but certainly a much smaller problem than it was a year ago. You know unfortunately in this environment, it doesn't show up as well because of the reduction in trajectory here, but we will probably get whatever is left in a profitable footing by the back half of the year.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch:  Great, thank you.
Tim Main:  Okay.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner with Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank:  Hi, thank you. Forbes, I had a quick question on CapEx and G&A. I thought that last quarter the CapEx guidance was to be for CapEx to be lower than the 115 and I know you commented a little bit about it coming down in the February quarter, but just sort of curious a little bit about that? And then also why did the G&A come down? It came down pretty significantly and what is the trend for that over fiscal 2009?
Forbes Alexander:  Okay. In terms of the CapEx, yes, Sherri, CapEx came in I think roundabout $20 million to $25 million, a little bit heavier than we had anticipated. And that really (inaudible) high levels of capacity we are putting in place for this ramp in mobility. We have put in additional overall capacity to support that program and that would accelerate into the quarter a little bit. That is moving very nicely. In terms of the depreciation and amortization, those levels are relatively consistent. Our depreciation are like $64 million to $65 million for the quarter and our amortization was about nine, that’s was relatively consistent, I believe.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. It just seemed like it was down about $6 million versus the last quarter?
Forbes Alexander:  No. On my notes here, so it's relatively consistent. I can certainly follow up with you at the office.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Maybe I'm looking at it with the amortization or maybe without amortization?
Forbes Alexander:  Yes. Our intangibles was about $8 million.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank:  And the deprivation was $64 million?
Forbes Alexander:  $65 million, yes $64 million.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. That clarifies it. And then in terms of the mobility customers, I think last quarter you mentioned that you had a number of mobility customers ramping in this quarter. It seems like you are just emphasizing one significant customers that ramped later in the quarter. What happened with those other customers, did you see a nice ramp there also, and what would be your expectations as we move into the rest of fiscal 2009?
Tim Main:  We do have multiple customers ramping new business with us. There is one in particular that is relatively large, so that is still, we are still seeing some broad-based penetration there, but there is one in particular that is quite larger than the others.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And let me just quickly ask a question on the accounts receivable. Obviously you talked a lot about it and it picked up and it impacted your cash levels. How much of that accounts receivable would you feel is at risk, is sort of longer dated accounts receivable or do you feel like all of that is finding you are comfortable with that, you made some comments that you felt that a lot of that would turnaround in the second quarter and you get the cash from that?
Forbes Alexander:  No, Sherri, I am very comfortable. And the quality of our potential receivables is very good and our customers pay us on time and we are pretty vigilant about that. So I feel very, very good. Clearly the profile of the revenue in the quarter and we typically see seasonal expansion here in this particular quarter of somewhere in the two to three days generally. Some of our customers in the space hopefully have longer-term than perhaps in the EMS division for example. So with the growth in consumer, this is not unusual. It may be one to two days unusual, which is $50 million to $60 million, not primarily a run back that’s the new products that ramped in November.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Great, thank you very much.
Tim Main:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Jones with RBC Capital Markets.
Ryan Jones – RBC Capital Markets: 
 :
Tim Main:  That was a general phase and I can't really provide any color on customers we're talking to, but the dynamic in this type of environment generally is for the customer base to look to consolidate their vendor base. The kind of severe environment that we are in will really I think impair some of the more thinly capitalized and less financially stable players in our business. That may contribute to some market opportunities for Jabil and so we will have more color as we move through but that’s a general statement, not about specific customers.
Ryan Jones – RBC Capital Markets:  All right. And then just one last question is, if you work to restore the cash balance to $750 million, would Jabil consider reducing its dividend?
Tim Main:  We don't see any need to do that at this point. We have ample cash flow even in this severe environment. Our operating cash flow will be more than sufficient to continue to support our dividend.
Ryan Jones – RBC Capital Markets:  All right. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research:  Hi, good morning. A few questions. Just looking at the automotive and the displays business, is there a revenue run rate that we should think of when getting back to a level of breakeven or profitability, kind of getting to that number, is it facility closures involved, or is there just kind of pruning the mix of products you are involved with?
Tim Main:  Yes, I think as we look forward, the two sectors combined will be 5% to 7%. So I don't think it's actually going to be a topic in the back half of the year simply because it will be down to a level or improving to a point where it will be profitable or it would be noise level. And at this point – I mean things can change, but at this point, we don't see any large-scale facility closures due to the de-emphasis in the auto and the display space.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research:  Okay. Secondly just on the gross margin profile this quarter, it looks like it is holding up relatively well, especially given the down forecast in sales. Is a lot of that just driven by the continued ramp of some of those higher margin handset business?
Forbes Alexander:  Yes. We're also seeing – we are seeing that certainly, but also in terms of cost base as we move forward here. We do have some impact as we’ve undertaken rationalization over the last year or two. So it is holding up pretty well. We will have continued focus also to render SG&A which has been relatively consistent over the last few quarters and look forward to that going forward. So certainly the ramping business helps in that regard, and that should continue to hold as we go forward.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research:  Okay. And one final question, if you look at in terms of customer orders, what are you seeing in terms of say, maybe inventory corrections coming with those orders in terms of excess inventory at the OEM level versus actual underlying demand, if you can kind of without what your are seeing in terms of your customer orders?
Tim Main:  I don't know how to – I'm not sure how to handicap that at this point in a clean top-level way. I think if you have looked at the cumulative revenue between the beginning of the fiscal year and where it'll be kind of halfway through the year from original expectations, we're probably down about 25%, 20% to 25%. I certainly think there is a significant level of inventory adjustment and pipeline management on the part of our customers in order for them to participate their inventories levels in fiscal Q2. Again I think that activity will dissipate a little bit as we get into Q3, Q4, and we will have some seasonal recovery as well. So I would expect that to be less a factor, and I think it's a little bit instructive, if I could spend a minute talking about it, this recession versus the most recent recession in 2001, 2002, going into the 2001-2002 recession, Jabil was 70% commutations based and about 70% of our production was in the United States. Since then, we’ve significantly diversified our customer base, the markets that we serve. We have moved most of our production into low-cost locations. So we are much better positioned to enjoy the benefits of diversification and less exposed to dislocating structural events that would put Jabil in an uncompetitive position. So I feel very good from the standpoint. And when we look at inventories levels, in the last recession, the commutations business which is a high margin business, we were chasing demand blindly that inventory levels were very, very fat at that point, and it took very significant effort and actually some customers that charged off billions of millions of dollars of inventory in that recession. And I feel like going into this recession that the inventory management process, in fact we do a lot of order fulfillment today. Customer demand is coming directly into our factories that the entire inventory of pipeline is much, much leaner than it was in the last recession. So I don't want to sound probably anxious [ph] about that, but I actually have been through – I was through both recession in the position I am in and I actually feel even though this recession is more severe than the 2001-2002 from a global economic standpoint, I feel a lot more confident about Jabil’s ability to get through the bottom of the cycle and to really grow the business and improve its attractiveness to investors on the – when we start to come out of the down cycle than I did in that one. I feel less exposed to things like extremely high levels of inventory and obsolete inventories, because all of that stuff is in better shape as we go round.
Ryan Jones – RBC Capital Markets:  I guess just as a quick follow-up to those statements, Tim, have you seen kind of a slowdown in the negative order revisions as we’ve gotten here into the December timeframe? I know it is a seasonally lower period to begin with but…
Tim Main:  Y, it has slowdown a little bit. I don't know (inaudible) it is December, it is getting close to Christmas. There are still a lot of human beings that they kind of go to sleep this time of the year, so that is why we are taking a more conservative view of the fiscal quarter even though the amount of reduction will slow down typically because after the first of the year we could see another hair cut. And I don't think that we have seen the absolute bottom yet, but it seems like the free fall that we saw in October and November is slowing down a bit.
Ryan Jones – RBC Capital Markets:  All right. Thanks a lot and happy holidays everybody.
Tim Main:  Okay.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva – Citi:  Great. Thanks. Hey, Tim. On the trends, you know the phases, the insourcing from customers and then order revisions and such, and then eventually outsourcing, can you talk a little bit about, it sounds like you have one other customer in addition to Nokia that is doing some more insourcing, do expect any more? And then when we come to the point that is even more favorable for Jabil, of more outsourcing, can you talk about do you expect this round to be more asset sales or is it pure outsourcing trends? I mean in the past some of the asset sales for some of the EMS companies have not been absolutely their most glowing, can you talk a little bit about that, those phases that you see?
Tim Main:  Sure. First of all I would say that insourcing is not a trend. There is a couple of isolated cases we have – I don’t know, 80, 90 customers, and two is not a big number. One is them has a big name, but in terms of how important those product lines are to overall profitability and the health of the company, is really not as material. And even in this environment, I would say that the real trend is that we will see – we are seeing more opportunity come towards us and more vertically integrated OEMs approaching us right now to engage in a dialogue about how to move them from their vertical assets into an outsourced model. So that trend is already started. In terms of the asset sales, I don't think you are going to see that at all. There is not a lot of assets that are attractive. Nobody needs high cost capacity. Here and there you may see an acquisition of a particular technology, a key facility, places in the world where people want to be, but that would be, I think that would be the exception more than the rule. The days of big asset sales are over. And then just kind of close that out, Jim, I said during the prepared remarks that there will be opportunities for us to grow market share, we are going to be aggressive, better consolidation is generally good for us. I think in the last recession, by my tally, we were three in one in consolidation, but we will definitely favor returns and margins. And the controlling factor would be how good is this for a business from a profitability standpoint, and if we have sacrifice some revenue to do that, we're going to sacrifice revenue.
Jim Suva – Citi:  Okay. And as a quick follow-up, this quarter, you some cash and inventory came up in front of the quarter where we are seeing some slowdown in sales outlook. I would have expected I guess inventory to come down going into a period of sales coming down sequentially. Was it just some programming as far as the timing of the mobility or some of the customer cuts came later in the quarter, can you just kind of help us connect those two data points?
Tim Main:  Yes, not at all. I mean you should expect to see inventory build in that quarter, particularly when you start the quarter, it is scheduled expectation of $3.85 billion and you ended $3.4 billion and a very significant program that was to launch early in the quarter didn’t launch until two or three weeks before the quarter ended. So again I feel like given the deceleration and end market demand and the position that we were in the beginning of the quarter, I think our teams did a very good job to generate eight turns, and that settled us with a huge inventory bubble. And as we move through Q2, we will look at some of the inventory that is still here. So I think with the deceleration of orders, have pulled our inventory turns consistently with previous performance.
Jim Suva – Citi:  Thank you very much, everyone, and happy holidays.
Tim Main:  Okay.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Co.
Sean Hannan – Needham & Co.:  Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Tim Main:  Good morning.
Sean Hannan – Needham & Co.:  So, if we look at the current environment today, and outside of some of the ramps you have in mobility, is it possible, Tim, if you can explain to us a little bit where you view your strongest opportunities based on the current business development or code activities as we look through the remainder of 2009?
Tim Main:  Well, we have talked about mobility. We expect that to be a strong sector for this. I think there's a significant opportunity for us in computing and storage, telecommunication, and then the industrial, instrumentation and medical segments seems to be very vibrant right now, and a lot of opportunity embedded in that sector. I think we will hold our own in the other areas, but probably will function more as a result of what end market demand looks like. The sectors that I mentioned will be able to probably outgrow any expectations based on additional penetration.
Sean Hannan – Needham & Co.:  Okay. Thank you. And then separately, you have been in Mexico for a good period of time, you have been building some of your capability there. Is it possible if you can maybe provide us with a little bit of color in terms of where you stand with your current capabilities out of your various facilities there, and how that is – whether it is driving any increased near-shoring discussions with current customers or with prospective customers?
Tim Main:  There's a lot more talk about that when oil was $140 a barrel. We have two last mass production sites in Mexico, one in Guadalajara and one in Chihuahua. We have I think the world's largest aftermarket services operation in Reynosa. So we're pretty mature there. The capabilities in the Chihuahua Guadalajara sites are very, very strong. They serve everything from telecommunication customers to mobility customers. And I think long-term there will be some near-shoring as you call it, it’s a great term. As people look at logistics costs, become more sophisticated in the way that we look at what the lowest total cost analysis looks like. And so I think that with the increase in costs in China, escalation of taxes and other things there, along with probably the long-term trend, logistics products will increase in spite of the short-term reduction in oil prices. That will contribute to more near-shoring, more business from Mexico, and I think generally will play into the hands of, in my opinion, will play into the hands of the service providers that had diversified global footprint, that can offer customers a richer solution and more choices in terms of their manufacturing locations.
Beth Walters:  Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator:  Your last question comes from the line of William Stein with Credit Suisse.
William Stein – Credit Suisse:  Thanks. I am always last which is – I am glad to get in here. So first, I'm curious about the decline in op margin guidance for the next quarter relative to where we were this quarter. The declines have been more than I expected. Is that owing to more to the leverage, the negative leverage from revenue or mix, or are there any kind of more unusual items that are in the cost basis that would get us down to 21 next quarter?
Forbes Alexander:  No, nothing unusual. Historically, the decline is actually a little bit flatter, if you will. In other words, it is not a steep, the decline quarter over quarter, Q1 going to Q2, than we have seen historically. Historically, as you move out, as Jabil has seen, as we moved out of our high seasonal quarter, we are seeing – typically, we saw over the last 4, 5 years, about $0.18 on one dollar of revenue decline in operations. As we are moving into this quarter, it is certainly less than that. And again you have got a cost based around seasonal demand, that remains both muted more than previous years, the seasonal demand as we sit here and (inaudible). Obviously we do have a continuing ramp of the product in the mobility sector. So we're actually pretty pleased with that. I am pleased with it, but it is not a steep a decline as we have seen historically over the last four or five years. It is currently nothing extraordinary and we feel pretty good about it.
Tim Main:  It is really all about the negative revenue leverage.
Forbes Alexander:  Yes.
William Stein – Credit Suisse:  That is revenue, it is not the mix? Did I get that right?
Forbes Alexander:  Yes. The revenue decline, yes.
William Stein – Credit Suisse:  Okay. Another quick one on the credit side, I think Nortel has spoken about pursuing or at least retiring council regarding a potential bankruptcy filing. Would that impact Jabil if that were to happen?
Forbes Alexander:  Not in any material way.
William Stein – Credit Suisse:  And then one more quick one on the mobility segment, that is being guided up quarter over quarter. I think normal seasonality is about 25% down in the quarter. First I am wondering if you can comment as to whether that normal seasonal view is correct, and if so, it's a pretty massive separation from normal, right? And I'm wondering if that is owing to a big ramp with the same customer that ramped in the November quarter? Is it a greater number of customers, and whether it is assembly or components or where the majority of it is, in assembly or components?
Tim Main:  Yes, it is more traction with Jabil’s customers, but the large mobility programs we talked about clamping in fiscal Q1, which is more of a tiered level of production in fiscal Q2, and so that is really the primary driver behind the better than normal performance in that sector.
William Stein – Credit Suisse:  But you are down normal – down 25% normal, is that about right or am I over seeing?
Tim Main:  No. I think the last two years have been, the last two years have been averages [ph] for different reasons. Last year it was down about that much, but that was really from an industry standpoint, Motorola really imploded. And then this year, we have the most severe recession we’ve had in a couple of decades. So I think normal patterns, if you looked at analysts that cover that space and that cover that for a long time, it is generally about 10 to 15%. As end market, that market continues, this year it will not grow, but the typical growth pattern in that space has been 8% to 10% a year and the typical seasonality has been more like 15% up.
William Stein – Credit Suisse:  Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
Tim Main:  Okay, thank you.
Beth Walters:  That concludes our call for today. Thanks everyone for joining us on today's call.
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-09-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Tim Main - President and Chief Executive Officer Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Lou Miscioscia – Cowen & Co. Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank Brian Alexander – Raymond James Jim Suva – Citigroup Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research William Stein – Credit Suisse
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Walters you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Joining me on the call today are President and CEO Tim Main and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investor section, along with today’s press release and a slideshow presentation on the quarter. You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the website and beginning with our first slide on the forward looking statements. During this conference call today we will be making forward looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter of fiscal 2009 net revenue and earning results; our long term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiency and in our financial performance. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2008, and subsequent reports on Form 10-K and Form 8-K for all of our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Please turn now to slides three, four, five, and six, I’ll be referencing for our results in the quarter. On revenues of $3.26 billion our GAAP operating income was $86.5 million. This compares to $50.5 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $3.12 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation, and restructuring charges for the quarter was $104.6 million or 3.2% of revenue as compared to $103.8 million or 3.3% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share was $0.30 as compared to $0.29 for the same period in the prior year. On a year over year basis for the quarter this represents 4% growth in revenue while core operating income profits grew 1%. On a sequential basis revenues increased by 6% while core operating income increased 23%. Revenues for the fiscal year 2008 were $12.8 billion. GAAP operating earnings were $251.4 million compared to $12.3 billion and $181.9 million respectively in fiscal 2007. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock based compensation and restructuring charges for the year grew 15% year over year, was $379.9 million as compared to $331.6 million in fiscal 2007 resulting in core diluted earnings per share of $1.12 versus $0.95. This is a growth of 18%. Please turn to slide seven, turning to a discussion of revenue by division and for sector for the fourth fiscal quarter. In our EMS Division represented approximately 65% or $2.1 billion consistent with the third quarter. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 3.5% of revenue. Our sector movements are as follows. Production levels in the automotive sector declined 13% versus the prior quarter primarily reflecting typical summer seasonality and a continued difficult automotive industry. Computing and storage sector declined 1% from the third quarter. Industrial, instrumentation and medical sector increased 7% from the prior quarter reflecting growth across multiple customers in this sector including new assemblies within our medical customer base and strength in our point of sale products. The networking sector levels of production decreased by 2% from the previous quarter. Telecommunications sector increased 6% sequentially reflecting strength in Europe for microwave products. For the full fiscal year EMS revenues represented approximately $8.2 billion or 64% of total Jabil revenues, a year over year growth of 9%. For the full fiscal year core operating income was 3.4% of revenues.  In the Consumer Division we represented approximately 30% of revenues or $1 billion in the fourth fiscal quarter, a sequential increase of 21% reflecting new business wins across the mobility and peripherals sector. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 1.8% of revenue. Sequential sector movements are as follows. The displays sector increased 8% from the third quarter reflective of a very challenging European demand environment with our customers in this sector. The mobility sector increased 15% from the prior quarter. The peripherals sector increased by 39% from the third fiscal quarter as a result of strength in printing products and the ramp of a new set top box product with existing customers. On a full fiscal year basis revenues represented approximately 31% or $3.9 billion a decline of 6% on a year over year basis as a result of declines in displays and mobility sectors. Core operating income for the full fiscal year was 1.3% of revenue. The Aftermarket Services Division represented approximately 5% of overall company revenue in the fourth fiscal quarter. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 8% of revenue. Revenue was consistent with the prior quarter. For the full fiscal year revenues of $0.7 billion represent 5% of total Jabil revenue with growth of 13% from the prior fiscal year and core operating income of 7.5% for the full fiscal year. Please turn to slide eight, our divisional and sector information for the quarter and percentage terms is as follows. Automotive represented 4% in the fourth quarter, computing and storage represented 12% of revenue, instrumentation, industrial and medical represented 19% of revenues, networking accounted for 21% of revenues, telecommunications 7% of revenues and other represented 2%. Again, the total EMS Division 65% of revenues. Displays represented 5% of revenues in the fourth quarter, mobility 12%, and the peripherals sector 13% of overall revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter. Again, the consumer division at 30% of overall company revenues. The Aftermarket Services Division 5%. In the fourth fiscal quarter and full fiscal year two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenues; Cisco Systems and Hewlett Packard. Top 10 customers in the quarter accounted for approximately 60% of our revenue as compared to 63% last quarter. For the full fiscal year top 10 customers accounted for approximately 62% of our revenue. Selling, general and administrative expenses of $117 million were consistent with the third quarter. Research and development costs were $8.6 million in the quarter. Stock based compensation was $7 million in the quarter lower than anticipated as a result of the reversal of stock based compensation associated with performance based restricted stock which is no longer expected to vest.  Net interest expense is in line with previous guidance at $23 million an increase of approximately $3 million from the third quarter reflecting a full quarter of interest associated with the $150 million, 8.25% 10 year senior unsecured note offerings completed during the third quarter. The tax rate on net core operating income in the quarter was 25% as compared to our previously forecast of 20%. The represents approximately $4 million of additional tax expense in the quarter as a result of higher income levels and forecasts in higher tax jurisdictions during the quarter. I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander.
Forbes Alexander: I’ll now ask you to turn to slides nine through 11 to follow along with my comments. The company’s sales cycle in the quarter improved by one day to 20 days. Day sales outstanding grew by three days to 41 days. Accounts payable days outstanding improved by two days to 66 days and our inventory days declined by two days from the prior quarter with inventory turns consistent at eight. Cash flows were approximately $7 million used in the fourth fiscal quarter primarily reflective of growth in our accounts receivable balances as a result of the ramping of new volume wins in the peripheral sector in the second half of the fiscal quarter. Our return on invested capital was 10% as compared to 8% in the third quarter. Our cash and cash equivalents were $773 million.  Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $123 million. This level of expenditure reflects capacity being put in place to support higher revenue levels in our first fiscal quarter and beyond. For the full fiscal year capital expenditures totaled approximately $338 million. Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $62 million and EBITDA in the quarter was approximately $167 million or 5.1% of revenue. We are very pleased with our performance in the quarter in a very challenging macro economic environment, executing to above the mid point of our revenue and core operating income guidance, continued positive steps in our operating performance. The results for the full fiscal year 2008 the revenue of approximately $12.8 billion and core operating income of $318 million or 3% of revenues represents growth in revenue of 4% for fiscal year 2007 and core operating income dollar growth of 15%. Cash flows from operations for the full fiscal year were $412 million. Fiscal year 2008 free cash flow or cash flows from operations off the capital expenditures and dividend payments were approximately $17 million. We are well positioned to continue to produce very healthy cash flows during our fiscal year 2009. During fiscal year 2008 we completed a series of long term debt transactions, as a result of our ample liquidity approximately $1.6 billion available in cash and a revolving credit facilities to fund our future growth and capital expenditure requirements. I’d like to take a moment to update you on our restructuring activity. Charges recorded in the fourth quarter were approximately $300,000. Our overall rationalization plan continues to be managed according to our previously announced plans with charges recorded totaling approximately $244 million. We continue to expect our total restructuring charges to be approximately $250 million as we previously discussed. During the quarter cash payments associated with this restructuring activity were approximately $12 million with total cash payments to date against the plan of approximately $130 million. The cash cost for such charges remains estimated to be $175 million while we currently estimate $23 million of cash payments to be made in the first fiscal quarter of 2009. If you now please turn to slide 12, I’ll give you a business update. Given the present macro economic environment we are not providing guidance for full fiscal 2009. The guidance we are providing for our first fiscal quarter at its mid point reflects a consistent revenue stream in the fourth quarter and our EMS after market services divisions. While our consumer division is anticipated to be grow by 30%. Our overall company guidance the first fiscal quarter is as follows; revenue is estimated to be in the range of $3.4 to $3.6 billion. As a result core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.38. As a percentage of revenue we estimate core operating margins to be in the 3% to 3.4% range. Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be $121 million.  Our research and development costs are expected to be approximately $9 million in the quarter. Our intangibles amortization $9 million also in the quarter and our stock based compensation expense is estimated to be approximately $15 million in the first fiscal quarter. Our interest expense is also estimated to be consistent with that of the fourth quarter or approximately $23 million. Based upon the current estimated of production and income levels the tax rate on core operating income for the quarter is expected to be 20%. Capital expenditures for the first quarter are estimated to be in the range of $75 to $90 million reflecting ongoing IT infrastructure refreshes and ongoing investments in our mobility sector. Now please turn to slide 13. Revenues in our EMS Division are estimated to be consistent with those of the third quarter or an increase of 4% from a year over year basis. The sector breakdown is as follows; the automotive sector is expected to increase by 5% from the fourth quarter reflective of some seasonal up tick in levels of production with our European customer base.  The computing and storage sector is also estimated to increase by 5% from the fourth quarter and our instrumentation, industrial and medical sector also expected to increase by 5% from the fourth quarter. Our networking sector levels of production are expected to decline by 12% while our telecom sector is estimated to decline by 5% from the fourth quarter. The Consumer Division is estimated to increase by 30% in our first fiscal quarter with a sector breakdown as follows; the display sector is expected to increase by 15% in our first quarter reflective of modest seasonal increases in a continuing very challenging European TV demand environment our customers are experiencing. Revenue levels in this sector are expected to be approximately 50% of revenue levels as compared to the same period a year ago, a decline of $180 million. Our mobility sector is estimated to increase by approximately 30% from the fourth quarter reflecting some seasonal increasing level of demand with the larger driver of growth this quarter being associated with new program wins with a broad range of customers in this sector. Our peripherals sector is estimated to increase by 10% in the quarter reflecting some seasonal up tick with our set top box customers. The Aftermarket Services Division is expected to remain consistent with the fourth fiscal quarter. Now I’d like to hand the call over to Tim Main
Tim Main: Our results for fiscal Q4 were very good particularly when we take into account an unreceptive macro economic environment. Core operating margins were 40 basis points higher than the previous quarter and 23% higher in absolute dollars. Our balance sheet remains in good condition with no major concerns regarding inventory and our liquidity is in excellent condition. Clearly the financial markets are mired in a deepening crisis and emotions can play an exaggerated role in this type of environment. I’ll try and give you the most unemotional and objective take in our forward looking expectations as possible. Our capital expenditure level in fiscal Q4 was significant, new program wins with new and existing customers has been robust in the last year and all sectors, with the exception of displays are growth oriented in coming quarters. This is particularly true in mobility. We are gaining traction with our vertically integrated value proposition and have several rapidly expanding relationships in the sector resulting in a substantial pipeline of business positioned for fiscal Q1 and for the balance of fiscal 2009. We began to see a revenue contribution in fiscal Q4 ’08 and expect the contribution to expand further throughout the fiscal year. We are attempting to handicap a number of factors into our guidance for fiscal Q1 ’09. Our guidance at all revenue levels does contemplate erosion in end market demand in the quarter. While this is not yet manifested and reduced schedules from customers we believe it is prudent given the highly unpredictable environment and the potential fall out from tightened credit. We did note a decline of end market momentum in late July and throughout August across most sectors. In addition to the macro environment we have a significant level of new program revenue ramping during the quarter, the results for which are always difficult to predict. Operating margin progression should become more straightforward as the new programs stability and end markets find a more predictable equilibrium beyond the first fiscal quarter. With this in mind our guidance is a bit more accommodating to variance than is typical for us but that is a reflection of the environment and not any foundation of weaknesses in the business. In fact, business levels are very good and we do expect very solid revenue growth. This, in spite of the typically strong seasonal display sector being down 50% year over year.  Diversification has also been a positive trend and we expect this trend to continue through fiscal 2009. Growth in fiscal 2009 will be led by mobility, industrial, instrumentation and medical, peripherals and telecommunications. Our approach to the market will be to aggressively deepen our participation in targeted sectors while being mindful of our drive to expand margins and returns. We base our growth on the secular trend to outsource the design manufacturing service of electronic products in a wide range of industry sectors. This has been good for us. Throughout our history dating all the way back to our initial public offering in 1993. The most severe economic downturn in that 15 year history occurred in 2001 following the dot com bust and 9/11. In that downturn our revenue levels declined 30% over a six month timeframe. That was a tough period but the post recessionary period in 2002 onward was incredible. In fact, since 2002 Jabil has produced over $50 billion in revenue and earned more money in that period than in the entire previously 28 year history of the company. Our post recessionary growth after the 1991 recession was similarly robust. Conditions for Jabil to do well in a soft economy and to accelerate growth in a recovery has never been better. It is a good time for calm perspective in my opinion taking advantage of our relative strength in the market.
Beth Walters: Operator we’re ready for our question and answer period.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox – Merrill Lynch: You mentioned higher levels of Cap spending I was wondering for this quarter, next quarter, could you be more specific on where you’re adding capacity and what types of new programs especially your spending on. Secondly, I was wondering when I look at the outlook for Q1 the revenue growth obviously is still pretty good in the tough environment but are there any drags on operating leverage and shouldn’t we be looking for a little bit more margin expansion quarter over quarter.
Tim Main: The CapEx going into a number of areas; investing in Mexico, continuing to invest in China, particularly our vertical operations there associated a lot with the mobility sector. We’re also expanding other sites around the world. We are expecting and have been positioning for substantial increase in revenue not just in the next quarter but over the ensuing 12 to 18 months and beyond. In terms of margin progression I said in my prepared remarks that our guidance at all revenue levels contemplates some erosion in end market demand. At the high end of our range that would be relatively modest, at the low end of our range more significant. That will impede our margin progression in Q1. A second factor that I mentioned in the prepared remarks had to do with a very high level of new program revenue ramping during the quarter the results for which are always unpredictable.  I think as we move into an economic environment with a little greater equilibrium than we have today margin progression will be a little bit more straightforward and utilization rates will go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: A question on the mobility side we were expecting a pretty large jump in sales up 55% is there a way you can slice the $215 million of incremental sales how much of that is coming from the casings operation versus assembly?
Tim Main: No, we don’t break that out. We expect growth in both areas. We will see a substantial increase in operations as well as a much higher contribution from assembly operations around the world.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: I don’t want to get too ahead of myself here but I think last year when I look at the first quarter there was quite a bit of disappointment on the, I think you had 9% sales decline and the margins went down 140 basis points or so. When you look at the mix of the business today versus last year if you see a similar kind of decline in the first quarter do you think you can get a comparable margin degradation or is that some offset someplace for that.
Tim Main: We don’t want to get too far ahead of ourselves either. We can stand in November and see the second quarter but we can’t stand in September and see it. We’ll have to see how it goes. Last year the economy stalled late in Q1 and Q2. I think that disappointed a lot of people but it turns out that the economy was in a contraction period in the fourth calendar quarter. I don’t know if we’ll see the same thing play out this year.  
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Can you update us on your part in the display segment and in addition if you’ve had any new wins that may change the strategic outlook you’ve had there?
Tim Main: There have been new ones in the display sector and we don’t have a strategic update at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lou Miscioscia – Cowen & Co.
Lou Miscioscia – Cowen & Co.: I realize that we’re all not economists here and it’s very hard to predict the future but do you see any parallels to where we are now if you look back to 2001 and 1991 from a big picture standpoint in the sense that back then everyone there were so many false rallies and hopes that we’re pulling out of the abyss and then it would end up being three years both times of either double dip recessions or just difficult times. Do you think this is going to be a really elongated turn around or just to get some of your thoughts on that?
Tim Main: If you look at a long enough time frame the parallel that I prefer to draw is that post recessionary periods of growth for Jabil have been extremely robust both from a very good end market environment but also from a very, very pronounced increase and level of outsourcing from vertically integrated OEMs. There’s still a significant level of vertical capacity in the world that will be under intense competitive pressure over the next 12 months. You asked an interesting question how long will the recovery take. Who knows? I think one of the things to talk about is what your starting point is. I think the emotional kind of panic period that we’re going through right now feels as though we’re starting today. I would assert that we started in the fourth calendar quarter of 2007. That was the period in which the economy turns out did go through a contraction. The initial GDP numbers shortly after that quarter was I think growth of 2% to 2.5%. It turns out that that was a contraction period. Aside from the Federal stimulus induced growth quarter in the last four I would think that we’ve had little to negative growth throughout those quarters. When I look at it we’ve been through a year of it already. Will it get a lot worse? I don’t know. We don’t see that in the demand signals from our customers today and I think in terms of Jabil’s position we have an incredibly better level of diversity than we did in 2001. In 2001 I mentioned that we went through a contraction of about 30% of our revenue over a six month period about 65% to 70% of our business was concentrated in the communications industry and most of our productive capacity was located in the United States. Today we have great diversity throughout the corporation. We have 10 significant electronic sectors we pursue and most of our productive capacity is dispersed throughout the world primarily in low cost locations. We’re actually in, I think, a very good position to make hay during the recession as well as do very, very well in the post recessionary period. One last thing I’d like to add is that times like these can be very stressful for customers. The fact that Jabil is standing with great factories and the best locations in the world with a very strong financial condition gives us relative strength to a number of players in the industry.  I would expect to see some defensive moves from customers to get their production with players that have long term financial viability as well as are in a position to be able to make the investments they need for us to keep them competitive in years to come. I think it’s a good period for us to take market share and put some distance between ourselves and some of the weaker players.
Lou Miscioscia – Cowen & Co.: Pulling it much more back into the here and now, when you look at your guidance networking and telecom looks like it’s going to be down on a quarter to quarter basis and this is even off of somewhat tepid results here in the fourth quarter. Is it just the end demand for those two areas or is there something else going on there? Alternatively you did pretty well in peripherals both in the quarter that was just reported and in guidance going forward maybe if you could just give a little bit more detail that would be very helpful.
Tim Main: In the peripheral sector we’ve got some significant market share gains going on there and so that’s really what’s driving the growth there. In telecommunication and networking nothing going on there other than a softer end market environment. To the contrary on anything else going on we’re actually gaining significant market share in the telecommunications space.  I would expect, I said in my prepared remarks that after we get through this soft period I would expect telecommunications to be one of the top four or five growth sectors for us for the year. That should be okay for us networking is really a reflection of end market demand and particular mix of products that we have quarter to quarter. No major concerns there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan.
Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the overall inflationary nature of costs in China and throughout Asia and whether or not that was something that you guys started to see stabilize and maybe a little bit here as oil prices came down in that same time if you could just help explain the whole pass through nature of some of those costs like freight and so on and so forth.
Tim Main: We have seen inflation in China both in terms of basic labor costs as well as because of depreciation of R&D relative to major currencies I would expect that to continue although maybe at a more modest pace going forward. How that plays out for Jabil we tended not to pay minimum wage to begin with in China. I know some of the ODMs and some the other competitors there have experienced more significant direct cost increase because of their pay policy and that type of thing. I think we’ll induce a little bit more turn over and our costs have definitely not increased as well there. I think in terms of the logistics cost of oil prices and that type of thing freight out is typically an expense of our customer, freight in is part of the bill of material costs that we have for customers which is typically looked at on a quarterly basis. Not a perfect pass through condition principally on a timing but generally that’s a cost that we look to recover. You bring up some interesting points though that I think play to Jabil’s strength long term as this global environment changes. One of course is our diversified global footprint. In the last couple of years we focused on diversifying our Asian footprint and I think that will pay dividends for us in the next couple years. We opened up a sight in Vietnam; we have two sights in India one of which is reaching very significant levels of production the other we hope to reach significant levels of production in the next 12 to 24 months. We think it’s important to have a diversified global footprint within Asia and globally. You talk about logistics costs we have a significant amount of our production in very bulky, heavy, large scale telecommunications geared networking geared, medical and communication products. Our analysis is indicating that we’re very close to inflection points to localize production. Some of that Chinese production actually Asia based production is ending up back in places like Mexico and Eastern Europe. In a more complex environment in terms of how we architect the overall supply chain for customers potentially producing printer circuit board assemblies and low cost locations, shipping them into consuming regions and finishing final assembly and work with them within the consuming regions. We have a great capability to do that and I think that will pay dividends for us in the next few years.  I think actually a continued increase in oil costs, although I hope it doesn’t accelerate because of the impact it might have on consumers that will actually be good for us because we do have a diversified global footprint, very sophisticated IT systems and the ability to architect supply chains that work for customers.
Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan: You had mentioned Mexico as one of the areas that’s been earmarked for CapEx expansion is that an area that you’re noticing is maybe sticking out in the mud to some of your customers in terms of an area where they want to have more exposure going forward or more of a diversified manufacturing footprint.
Tim Main: I’ve just gone through some reasons why we think that localizing, particularly final assembly and order fulfillment in the consuming regions makes sense. Mexico is the final assembly and fulfillment sight in a wide range of products for shipping into the United States, Canada, Mexico and other parts of the North American market generally.  It makes a lot of sense so we’ve been in Mexico since 1997. We have operations in Chihuahua, Guadalajara, smaller operations near the border particularly our AMS operation in Reynosa so we’re pretty well positioned to the extent customers want to continue to consume higher levels of capacity in Mexico.
Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan: I wanted to clarify I thought when Forbes spoke about the mobile segment he mentioned up 30% sequentially but I know that your presentation says up 55%.
Tim Main: He said consumer electronics was up 30%.
Forbes Alexander: The Division up 30%, mobility up 55%.
Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan: At this point can you give us an idea of maybe aside from your largest customer how many other customers in the fourth quarter you’ve also transitioned into the assembly mode as well for mobility that should contribute in a major way to your growth rate?
Tim Main: We do have some significant growth in the assembly area. I’ll just leave it at that.
Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan: Can you give us CapEx expectations for ’09 and D&A and I guess tax rate if you expect it as this point you guys would model it to remain at the 20% level or not.
Forbes Alexander: On the tax rate 20% is reasonable for modeling purposes right now. In terms of CapEx that’s going to depend clearly on how the fiscal year pans out. I certainly think it would be in the sub 300.
Kevin Kessel – JP Morgan: No much change in D&A?
Forbes Alexander: A little bit of up tick obviously with some of the capacity put in this place but nothing hugely dramatic.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: I wanted to talk a little bit about the guidance in terms of you mentioned that obviously you have some conservatism baked into the numbers. It sounds like the news coming out and the concerns that people have suggest that things are pretty bad. How conservative is your $0.30 estimate for the next quarter and what’s really baked in there?
Tim Main: I think it’s a rational, practical, reasonable look at both our anticipated business levels for handicapped as best we can based on our judgment for a softening macro economic environment. I did say that we noted a decline in end market momentum in late July and August. We have already seen some degradation in end market activity. I don’t think we entered the quarter with a particularly rosy outlook on conditions anyways. I’m not going to be more specific and provide percentages of decline you have to make your own judgments there and it’s a very unpredictable environment. We’ve done the best we could. We intend to, as always, we’re not trying to be overly conservative, we’re not trying to be overly optimistic, we’re attempting to provide rational, reasonable guidance, handicapped of what we don’t know today and the intent obviously is to be within the mid points of the guidance.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: If you look at the Consumer business you guys are modeling pretty regular up tick in that business and there’s been some concern about consumer spending in the US and Europe slowing. Do you think those numbers are…
Tim Main: Our guidance for the Consumer sector is really not regular. I know that the 30% sounds regular but when you peal the onion back and kind of look where we’re guiding underneath it’s very irregular. Our display sector being up 15% is about half of what it would typically be in the November quarter. So that’s a very significant reduction in forward looking expectations for the display sector. Keep in mind the display sector is down something like 50% or $180 million year over year. I think that is obviously we’ve baked significantly leaner outlook into the display sector. The mobility sector being up 55% is way outside of what a normal condition would be in the November quarter. That’s clearly indicative of significant new business ramping during the quarter as well as a modest seasonal up tick in the demand there. In peripherals I think Forbes talked about new set top box wins and some other things. I don’t think that we expect a very significant seasonal up tick associated with the peripherals. I’d ask you to kind of look at the notes and what we said about that sector and consider it. It just so happens, it’s a coincidence that those numbers end up being a 30% increase in the sector overall that looks like a normal condition but it’s anything but a normal condition.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: If you look at the mobility being up so much obviously you’re commenting that you have business wins there but how much are those at risk if consumer spending is weaker, those business wins?
Tim Main: The new business wins aren’t at risk if consumers buy fewer the ramp would be lower. I think the risk in terms of new product ramps; it’s partially what consumer demand is during the quarter. Another thing I’d like analysts and investors to keep in mind is that new product ramps are by nature unpredictable in and of their own right even in robust economic periods.  What manufacturing yields we have, how quickly they’ll come out of the gate with design issues might be input the supply chain might transpire as we move into higher levels of production those are all risk factors to realize and anticipated levels of production.
Sherri Scribner – Deutsche Bank: On the displays business obviously underperforming what you would usually expect, I know you said you’re not going to give any update on the displays business but I think last quarter you said that business needs to be what $300 to $350 million a quarter to be profitable. What are your long term goals for that considering this should be the best quarter for that business.
Tim Main: I don’t think our narrative on the display sector will change for this call and the next couple months. That narrative is we look at the sectors that we do business in. We have return targets and growth targets for those sectors. If they fall below those return targets they need to have remedial action plans or we will divest or move away from those sectors strategically. This is not the best time to make announcements or pronouncements or admonishments to a sector like displays given the fact that this is an important quarter lower than historical levels for us but important none the less. We have a number of customers in that sector we care deeply about and we will move through this quarter and make additional assessments over the next two or three quarters and make appropriate moves as we determine at that time. At this point in time like I said in the prepared remarks we really don’t have an update in terms of strategic positioning for that sector. Right now we’re looking at ramping additional customers into production making sure that we handle our customers requirements this quarter and continuing to work on improving the actual returns in that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Alexander – Raymond James.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: The contribution margin just to go back to an earlier question on a sequential basis that you’re guiding to is about 3.5% and that’s obviously well below what you’re striving for. To be fair you did say that this would be choppy. In light of the 55% sequential growth you’re looking for in mobility what you described at the analyst day is having the richest contribution margin profile. I’m a little surprised we’re not seeing more leverage in the model.  Can you just be a little more specific where you’re seeing lower than expected contribution margins? You referenced program ramps as having a depressing impact but I would have assumed those ramps were anticipated when you laid out the contribution margin goals at the analyst day.
Tim Main: Dating all the way back to the analyst meeting we talked about the first $1 billion in business generating significant return levels. We didn’t anticipate that that would occur. What we didn’t handicap into those comments, we actually did but it’s soon forgotten is it’s highly dependent on where that additional production takes place, what sectors and what the timing is and what the general environmental conditions are at the time. We have a big rush of new revenue which is unpredictable new programs frankly occurring in some areas of the world where we’re already fully loaded. Not providing additional capacity absorption on the contrary we actually have to create new capacity to accommodate that production. That provides an impedance to strong margin growth. I also think you need to consider that we are in a very choppy unpredictable environment. I don’t think it makes sense for us to be too optimistic about what progression we’ll see. Having said all that if we can make above 3% operating margin in this environment and successfully launch the programs that we have I think it should turn out to be a great year for us and we’ll make a lot of money. We’ll produce excellent cash flow, our EBITDA margins continue to march forward and operating margin expansion will certainly come as we achieve maturity of the new program ramps and as we achieve higher levels of utilization in some of the more under utilized areas of the world.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James: Is the mobility segment one of the segments specifically where you’re not seeing the incremental leverage that you expected because of where the incremental business is coming from or are you seeing it in mobility and not other places?
Tim Main: I think we have seen very good margin progression in the company overall. We’re focusing on Q1. I understand the reasons for that but we had a 40 basis point improvement in operating margins in Q4. We credit it an excellent quarter on $3.26 billion of revenue we showed a 40% operating margin improvement in spite of significant addition of capacity around the world. I think in terms of the mobility growth there is a significant level of mobility growth that is more EMS related than it is vertically integrated related. That tends to carry lower margins with it and because we are in the early ramp periods of some of those programs then that also has a mitigating effect on strong operating margin improvement.
Forbes Alexander: I think also from our comments if you go back to the analyst meeting six months or so ago we in those remarks there I don’t think we really contemplated continued degradation in the displays sector quite frankly. We’ve continued to see degradation from that point down by another 30% to 40%. As we said earlier in our prepared remarks we running about 50% of same period a year ago type run rates. Typically we see some very strong leverage and high utilization of that asset base that we have in place in that sector. Clearly that’s not performing where we want it to perform. Tim in his remarks to the previous question we will continue to revisit that in the next quarter or two and we will move forward from there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva – Citigroup.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: You mentioned networking down about 12% on the outlook and you mentioned macro concerns there. Is that basically across all your customers because it looks like that is pretty sizably lower than normal than expected. I wonder if there are some program shifts going on or is it just end demand related.  If you can clarify, I thought I heard you said stock comp and maybe I heard this wrong due to lack of sleep but stock comp of $15 million next quarter and if so if this quarter was less than $7 million it looks like that may be double and are you paying people more in stock or what should we think of or then again maybe my number is just wrong.
Forbes Alexander: You’re absolutely correct, $7 million during this fiscal quarter. Part of compensation for executives and employees is based around performance based restricted stock. What we mean by that is specific performance targets set and in this case three years in advance. We concluded the end of this fiscal year those performance targets were not met. The accounting rules as such therefore have you credit out that expense that was accrued in there over the previous period. If you recall last quarter it was $7 million came out and this quarter again the final piece another $7 million came out. Actually around some of the subjectivity around meeting those targets that the accounting rules look at. As we move forward we have performance based targets that are rolling on a three year basis and we would expect $15 million to be a pretty accurate number as we move forward given there should not be any reversal of contemplated expense given first quarter fiscal year is not really a measurement period if you will. It’s just not quite a measurement range to look out two to three years yet.
Jim Suva – Citigroup: Even looking at past history the stock comp looks to be about more than double what it’s been. I just wonder if you’re paying people more in stock and moving stuff below the line.
Forbes Alexander: We’re not actually, far from it. I’d be happy to walk you through the last couple years on this performance based. 
Tim Main: The networking I think Lou Miscioscia asked that question and there are no program shifts, no major concerns and it’s just generally flat to being a little bit down. We’ll see how it turns out.
Forbes Alexander: That is across the broad base of customers in that sector.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: On February seasonality within the Consumer business given that the ramp you’re seeing as you mentioned is atypical within handsets and weaker than normal within the displays business. Should we expect maybe a more moderate type of seasonal decline during the February quarter if everything stays in terms of consumer demand patterns even with where we’re at, at this point in time?
Tim Main: I think that’s fair.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: The question I’m trying to get at is you mentioned earlier the majority of the ramp here in the November quarter is actually tied to new demand coming in not a seasonal up tick. An equivalent 50% fall off shouldn’t be the type of dynamic for the February quarter.
Tim Main: Yes, that’s true.
Shawn Harrison – Longbow Research: On the automotive business I think last quarter you mentioned it reached break even given the commentary an uneven demand environment how do we get profitability to improve in that business beyond seeing a volume up tick.
Forbes Alexander: It’s a break even level in terms of improving our particular sector we talked about a very difficult marketplace, OEMs worth a lot of our capacity and that continues to be a work in progress. Selling the capabilities of our corporation and also consolidating down some of our global footprint in terms of that regard. I’m not talking about restructuring there but actually creating two or three centers of excellence across the corporation which we’re in the process of doing. We’ll see some leverage there at these types of levels of revenues. We continue to sell and hard there across the OEMs and we’ll continue to sell the virtues of an outsourcing model. Again I think that’s a work in progress over the next year or two.
Operator: Your last question comes from William Stein – Credit Suisse.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: I’m wondering if you guys can talk a bit about the linearity of bookings and billing coming out of August and into September.
Tim Main: The linearity of Q4 I think August was our highest revenue level and the fact that we noted a decline in end market momentum in late July and August so we still had more revenue in August than the previous two months. That’s consistent with the ramping of the new programs into a seasonally strong quarter and the new business wins we have.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: I’m thinking excluding the share shift where you seem to be gaining some share with customers. Like you said earlier the end markets lost some momentum in late July and August did that continue into September, did it improve or decline. I know you’re giving us the quarter guidance so that’s the number we can use but just to think about the trend would be helpful to understand if things are of late getting what you think might be better or worse relative to normal seasonal trends.
Tim Main: I don’t know that I can answer that. I’d like to but the 25th of September we’ve seen some data come inside of our company we’ve tried to incorporate that into the guidance we provided. I’d say that we haven’t seen the bottom fall out of anything. We haven’t seen an acceleration, erosion, that type of thing. I don’t see a crumbling economy at this point. We’ll see, prospectively we don’t know what’s going to happen any more so than you guys do. There’s nothing on our radar screen right now that suggests we’re in a complete stall out falling out.
William Stein – Credit Suisse: Normally, for those of us with historical perspective on this industry we know that when times get tight like this in many industries the concern is you get some undisciplined competitors pricing things down and you see margins in the industry get damaged. Can you comment as to whether you’re seeing that now, is the industry restructured enough to avoid that you think in this environment, any comments around that would be helpful.
Tim Main: We’re not seeing that now. Having been with the company 21 odd years and been through a couple of recessions here and freak outs by investors, competitors, customers and like. I think that to the extent that happens we’ll be able to manage through it.
Beth Walters: Thanks for joining us on the call today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-06-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Vice President, Communications & Investor Relations  Timothy L. Main - President & Chief Executive Officer Forbes I.J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Kessel - J.P. Morgan Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company  Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Sean Hannan - Needham & Company William Stein - Credit Suisse Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder 
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is Vanessa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Walters, you may begin your conference. 
Beth A. Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter fiscal year 2008 call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO Tim Main and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander.  This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investor section, along with today’s press release and a slideshow presentation on the quarter. You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the website and begin with slide two now.  Our forward-looking statement -- during this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter fiscal 2008 and full fiscal year 2008 net revenue and earning results; our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiency and in our financial performance.  Statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2007, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings.  Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Please turn to slide three and four now for the results of our third quarter. On revenues of $3.09 billion, GAAP operating income was $63.1 million. This compares to $33.6 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $3 billion for the same period in the prior year.  Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, and restructuring charges for the quarter was $85.3 million, or 2.8% of revenue, as compared to $87.1 million, or 2.9 for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share were $0.26, as compared to $0.23 for the same period in the prior year.  On a year-over-year basis for the quarter, this represents a 3% growth in revenue with core operating profits declining 2%. On a sequential basis, revenues increased by 1% while core operating income increased 26%.  Please turn to slide five for a discussion of revenue by division and sector for the third fiscal quarter. Looking at the EMS division, which represented approximately 69% or $2.1 billion, growth of 5% on a sequential basis. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 3.6% of revenue.  Sector movements are as follows: in the automotive sector, production levels increased by 21% versus the prior quarter, primarily reflecting growth across four customers in this sector; computing and storage decreased 1% from the second quarter; industrial instrumentation and medical increased 5% from the prior quarter, reflecting a return to growth across multiple customers in this sector, including new assemblies with our medical customer base; the networking sector levels of production increased by 2% from the previous quarter; the telecommunications sector increased 4% sequentially, primarily as a result of the continued integration of the Nokia Siemens network relationship.  On the consumer division, which represented approximately 26%, or $800 million in the third fiscal quarter, a sequential decline of 7% reflecting declines in the display sector. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was a negative 0.3% of revenue. Sequentially sector movements are as follows: the mobility sector increased 8% from the prior quarter, primarily as a result of growth in volumes with our largest customer in this sector; the peripheral sector declined by 3% from the second fiscal quarter as a result of fewer set-top box shipments than anticipated; the display sector decreased by 35% from the second quarter, reflective of a very challenging European demand environment with our customers in this sector; after-market services division represented approximately 5% of overall company revenue in the third fiscal quarter.  Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 6.8% of revenue. Revenue was consistent with the prior quarter.  Please turn now to slide six for our divisional and sector information for the quarter in percentage terms: automotive, 5%; computing and storage, 13%; instrumentation, industrial and medical, 19%; networking, 22% of revenue; telecommunications, 7%; and other, 3%, for a total EMS division of 69%.  In the consumer division: displays represented 5%; mobility, 11%; peripherals, 10%; again, for consumer division 26% overall revenues.  And the after-market services division, 5% of revenues.  In the third fiscal quarter, two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenue, Cisco Systems and Hewlett-Packard, with our top 10 customers in the quarter accounting for approximately 63% of our revenue, as compared to 64% last quarter.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $7 million in the quarter. Research and development costs were $8 million in the quarter. Stock-based compensation was $10 million during the quarter, lower than forecast as a result of the reversal of stock-based compensation associated with performance-based restricted stocks, which is no longer expected to fully [deft].  Net interest expense fell approximately $4 million from the prior quarter, reflecting higher average cash balances and lower average debt rates during the quarter than in previous quarters. The tax rate in the quarter was 19%.  I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon. I would like to review our balance sheet and some of our working capital metrics and would ask you to turn to slides 7, 8, and 9. The company’s sales cycle in the quarter improved by two days to 21 days. Day sales outstanding improved by one day to 38 days. Accounts payable days outstanding improved by two days to 65 days. Inventory days increased by one day in the prior quarter with inventory turns being eight.  Cash flow from operations was approximately $147 million in the third fiscal quarter. Return on invested capital was 9%, as compared to 8% in the second quarter.  Cash and cash equivalents were $860 million, the balances being $320 million higher than the previous quarter. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $66 million.  Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $61 million and EBITDA in the quarter was $146 million, or 4.7% of revenue.  During the quarter, we continued to add flexibility to our capital structure and completed an add-on $150 million to our 8.25% 10-year senior unsecured note offering. We also completed an on-balance sheet Euro-Asian accounts receivable securitization program with a capacity of up to $200 million. [inaudible] on this facility are effectively at rates of LIBOR plus 40 basis points, a very cost effective form of capital. At the end of the quarter, approximately $150 million was outstanding on this facility.  We are very pleased with our performance in the quarter, executing to the midpoint of our revenue guidance, our core operating income levels and core earnings per share exceeded our previous guidance, while improving our working capital management in excess of $50 million, or two days. Positive steps on our path to returning the company to our long-term targeted return levels.  The results posted for the first three quarters of fiscal 2008, revenue of approximately $9.5 billion and core operating income approximately $275 million, or 2.9% of revenues, represent growth in revenue of 4% over the first three quarters of fiscal 2007, and core operating income dollar growth of 21%.  Cash flows from operations of $146 million remained strong in the quarter. The first three quarters have produced approximately $420 million of cash flow from operations.  Fiscal year 2008 to date free cash flows, or cash flows from operations after capital expenditures of $215 million and dividend payments of $44 million, are approximately $160 million.  I briefly wish to update you on our restructuring activity. Charges recorded in the third quarter were approximately $3 million. Our overall rationalization plan is being managed according to our previously announced plan, with total charges recorded being $244 million. We continue to expect our total charges to be $250 million, as we previously announced.  During the quarter, cash payments associated with these restructuring activities were $15 million, with total cash payments to date against the plan being $118 million. The total cash costs of such charges are estimated to be $175 million. Discussions with our employees [that represent this] continue and we are complying with all statutory and consultation periods required of us. As a result, we currently estimate that the majority of the balance of cash payments shall occur during the next three fiscal quarters.  I’ll now ask you to turn to slide 10 and I’ll cover a business update, specifically for the fourth quarter of 2008. We now estimate revenue in our fourth fiscal quarter to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion. As a result, core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.33. As a percentage of revenue, we estimate core operating margins to be in the range of 3% to 3.3%. Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be $118 million. Research and development costs are expected to be $9 million. Intangibles amortization, also expected to be $9 million. Stock-based compensation is estimated to be approximately $15 million in the fourth quarter. And interest expense is estimated to be $23 million in the quarter.  Based upon the current estimate of production and income levels, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 19% in the quarter.  Capital expenditures for the quarter are estimated to be in the range of $60 million to $85 million, while capital expenditures for the full year are now estimated to be in the range of $275 million to $300 million.  I’ll now ask you to turn to slide 11. Revenue by division and sector for the fourth quarter are estimated to be as follows: the EMS division revenues are estimated to be consistent with those of the third quarter, or an increase of 10% on a year-over-year basis. Turning to the automotive sector, this sector is expected to decrease by 10% in the third quarter, reflective of normal seasonally lower levels of production. Our computing and storage sector is estimated to be consistent with volumes of the third quarter. The industrial instrumentation and medical sector is estimated to increase by 3% in the third quarter. The networking sector, we expect consistent levels of production with the third quarter. And finally, the telecom sector is estimated to increase by 10% from the third quarter, reflecting strength in Europe from microwave products and the ramp of a new relationship in this sector.  Turning to the consumer division, we estimate an increase of 18% over third fiscal quarter, an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis. The breakdown on the sectors is as follows: displays is expected to be consistent in the fourth quarter, reflective of the European demand environment our customers are experiencing. The mobility sector is estimated to increase by 20% from the third quarter, reflecting increasing levels of demand and the ramp of new products across a number of our customers in this sector. The peripheral sector is estimated to increase by 25% in our fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting increased demand in printing products and new product awards with our existing set-top box customers. The after-market services division is expected to be consistent with the third fiscal quarter.  Please turn to slide 12. With the fourth quarter guidance, our current estimate for the full fiscal year is now revenue in the range of $12.7 billion to $12.8 billion, with core operating income expected to be in the range of $370 million to $385 million, or 3% of revenue. As a result, core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $1.11 to $1.15.  At this midpoint, this guidance reflects a year-over-year growth in revenues of 4% and core operating income growth of 18%, EBITDA of approximately $615 million or growth of 12% on a year-over-year basis.  On a divisional basis, we estimate for the full fiscal year revenues in the EMS division to be approximately $8.3 billion; consumer division, approximately $3.8 billion; and the after-market service division, $0.6 billion.  Core operating income expectations are estimated to be approximately 3.4% for the EMS division, 1.2% for the consumer division, and 7.1% for the after-market services division.  Cash flows from operations are estimated to be $600 million for the fiscal year, providing approximately $260 million of free cash flow after capital expenditures and dividend payments.  I would like to hand the call to Tim Main. 
Timothy L. Main: Thanks, Forbes. Fiscal Q3 was a good quarter, all things considered. Margins and cash flow were a bit better than expected and the groundwork has been laid for a more robust resumption of revenue growth in the coming quarters.  Fundamentally it was a good quarter of execution in a challenging macroeconomic environment. In the interest of keeping things simple, I will make a few brief comments on three areas of keen interest: current end market conditions, growth, and margin expansion.  The end-market environment has not changed materially in the past 90 days. Conditions are weak but not worsening in a significant way. Macroeconomic indicators appear to be weakening. This has yet to manifest in dramatically lower production levels for our company.  Our current expectation is that macroeconomic conditions will continue as they are today for the foreseeable future. Any significant changes to the environment, positive or negative, will have a direct consequence to our financial results.  Still, it is under these less-than-exciting conditions that we expect robust resumption in revenue growth in the coming quarters. There are several underlying factors driving this expectation. One is revenue stability in our mobility sector. We have said for several quarters that we expected revenue to stabilize in mid fiscal 2008 with the resumption of growth in the fiscal Q408 to fiscal Q109 timeframe. We are now seeing this expectation come to fruition and hope to see an acceleration of this trend in fiscal 2009, as new program wins and significant expansion with existing customers is folded into our results.  In addition to mobility, we note particular near and intermediate term in our telecom and peripheral sectors. We have secured new customers and have a good pipeline of opportunity with existing customers to support this growth expectation.  Across our other sectors, new business wins and market share expansion is offsetting weaker demand due to the poor macroeconomic environment.  Finally, I expect [the trend to] outsource electronic design, assembly, fulfillment and service to drive outstanding long-term opportunity for Jabil and other leading companies in our industry. Generally speaking, the recessions of 1991-92 and 2001-02 were followed by very strong periods of growth for Jabil and the industry. Our strategy of diversification in providing service excellence across targeted sectors should serve us well in the years ahead.  I know that margin expansion is an important area of discussion but I want to make a brief comment on an equally important area, and that is cash flow generation. Jabil's cash flow generation is actually quite good, especially so in a less-than-receptive macro environment. EBITDA in fiscal 2008 is expected to increase 13% from fiscal 2007 levels. EBITDA margins are expected to be 40 basis points higher in fiscal ’08 than in fiscal ’07. With capital expenditures relatively constant, free cash flow is actually increasing as a percentage of EBITDA, a healthy condition for us to be in.  We also expect to expand core operating margins in coming quarters, largely from better absorption of our cost base and leveraging operating expenses as revenue expands. Additionally, we will proactively manage poor performing areas of our business and will reduce or eliminate our exposure to areas which do not conform to our long-term strategic or financial objectives.  The resumption of growth, good fundamental execution and focused attention to bring all sectors up to high performance levels should give us an increasingly positive outlook over the next year. We look forward to delivering results and achieving the high levels of expectations that have always been placed on Jabil.
Beth A. Walters: Operator, we’re ready for the question-and-answer period. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. Just maybe diving into the gross profit improvement quarter over quarter, if I include options expense, it’s a pretty impressive $23 million sequential improvement on like a $30 million gain on sales. Can you sort of break down that dollar gain and how you got there?
Timothy L. Main: I don’t think we’ll break down the dollar gain. I think it’s several factors. One is certainly better leverage in our mobility sector. That was up better than expected. Our automotive group actually swung to a profit this quarter, which was very helpful to us. We had some better efficiency in other operations and a couple of other sectors that did a little bit better than expected. We may have seen a little bit of a boost also from the restructuring efforts on this past quarter but not a huge amount. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great, and then just on that 10% increase in telecom that you are talking about for this quarter, how much is from that new program win?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: There’s very little from a new program. It’s primarily some strength we’ve seen in Europe in microwave products. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Just a question on the restructuring benefits, I think last quarter we talked about seeing a $10 million benefit in fiscal Q4. Are we still on track for that or did some of those benefits get pulled into fiscal Q3?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I think that there’s probably a couple million dollars slipped back into Q3 here, as we’ve -- you know, the cash expenditures in the quarter were $15 million, which was a little bit higher than we’ve initially anticipated. So we had some employees leave the company during the period, so it’s probably a couple million, $2 million to $3 million at most. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right, so we should see about like a $7 million, $8 million benefit next quarter then for the restructuring, right?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: That’s fair. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: And you know, I mean, you guys are obviously doing a pretty good job executing despite a tough demand environment. Just looking at the display business, I mean, that continues to struggle. Could you talk about what sort of timeline would you look at to eventually exiting the business if things don’t stack up? And maybe just talk about what do we need here -- do we need more revenues or just some operationally things need to be improved over there?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, we get a lot of questions about this, probably justifiably so. I mean, we are talking about it as an area that’s under close scrutiny and remedial action plans. And we’ve talked about a two- to three-quarter window of really assessing the strategic fit with the rest of our business and certainly revenue would help, that that sector has landed. A number of new customers, Japanese and Korean customers, and revenue expansion would help. Right now we’ve got a significant inventory correction, along with some weak demand in that area that’s really, really impeding the progression in that sector.  So not a long-term struggle. Officially it’s still a sector that we have interest in and would like to see turn around but we certainly won’t incur the type of performance that we have on a long-term basis. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right, but Tim, there’s nothing operationally that we need to address? It’s more of getting more revenue through the pipeline -- 
Timothy L. Main: No, we’re actually pretty good at building -- we’re actually pretty darn good at building these TV sets. I think we have the best operations in Europe by far. They are located in Eastern Europe, principally Poland. Very, very good fundamental execution, very high quality levels and I think attractive to a number of customers. It happens to be an industry with expanding volume and a lot of need for outsourcing, so it should be a sector that’s ideally suited to the value proposition that Jabil presents to the marketplace. But there’s also a lot of structural issues with glass manufacturers and where the profit is actually earned in terms of the value chain. So we are assessing that very closely and we want and will drive improvement in that sector and continue to assess its strategic fit for us for our business.  In spite of that, that’s one of the negative parts of the story. I think if we look back at the analyst meeting, we really talked about automotive and displays needing to get modestly better, not move into quadrant one or quadrant two, which would be high-growth, high return sectors, or at least high return sectors, but needing to be -- to improve modestly. And then we also expected the mobility sector, which still had accessible returns but growth was lower than necessary and then the telecom sector to move into a strong growth and return posture, and that is what we are seeing.  And with automotive swinging to a profit in the most recent quarter, I feel very good about our ability to control the profitability in that area. So I think all in all, when you look at the total picture we’re on track to do exactly what we said we would do. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thanks a lot and congratulations on the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kessel with J.P. Morgan.
Kevin Kessel - J.P. Morgan: The mobility segment in the quarter was above plan. I think you guys were looking for flat and it was up 8%. Can you describe what exactly drove that? Was that perhaps maybe the ramp of additional customers outside of the main one, or was it primarily the main customer? And then also, as a follow-up to that, the 20% growth that you are expecting for the fourth quarter, can you help give us a sense in terms of the overall breadth I guess of maybe the mobility segment, you know, as we look at the fourth quarter and going into ’09?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: With regard to the third quarter, the increase above expectation was primarily our largest customer and established customer in that sector, so we saw the results of really the integration of our service set with a green point activity, our Jabil green point activity there bearing fruit, and also some strength in the business lines that we operate in with them in the third quarter.  With regard to the up 20 forward-looking guidance, that’s reflective of growth across a number of customers there. We are actually seeing increasing demand across all of our customers, in fact, in that sector. And if you’ll recall, you know, with our Jabil green point activity, we do have most of the major players in the handset market in that customer base, across from Nokia, Sony Ericsson, RIM, Motorola, and Apple, so we are seeing a good demand profile across all our customer base. 
Kevin Kessel - J.P. Morgan: Forbes, is that for both assembly as well as plastics and decorative coatings, or -- 
Timothy L. Main: Yes. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Yes, it is. 
Kevin Kessel - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and is there any way -- 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Principal customers in that sector, six of the eight are growing. 
Kevin Kessel - J.P. Morgan: Right, and Tim, is there any way just to say at this point how many I guess of the original green point customers have transitioned into full manufacturing relationships?
Timothy L. Main: No, I don’t think we’re in a position to provide a lot of detail in that area. I think it will be a few quarters before we really start to talk about that in great detail. It is progressing. 
Kevin Kessel - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Rosenberg from William Blair & Company. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Could you give us an update on, relative to the things you were talking about at the analyst day on how you see the mix over the next couple of quarters relative to your expectations that the next billion dollars of revenue growth could flow through at an 18% incremental operating margin?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I think it’s relatively in line with what we talked about at the analyst day. I think perhaps the one exception there is the displays and Tim covered that a little bit earlier in this call, where we are seeing consistent levels with balances this year but we would expect some up-tick as we move into the seasonal high area in the first fiscal quarter.  But in terms of the overall leverage and the way things are looking, if you look at -- you know, we talked about $1 billion, adding $1 billion of revenue and about an 18% leverage on that revenue base, predicated on the particular areas of displays, automotive, mobility and some telecom revenue coming through. And if you look at the progression we’ve made from our second fiscal quarter, just [going to] giving you the midpoint of our guidance in Q4, you see we are adding somewhere in the region of $35 million or so of core operating income on an increased revenue base of about $200 million, so that equates to about 18% type ratio.  So we feel we are pretty much on track with some of the comments we made at that analyst meeting and the expectations that we have out there. 
Timothy L. Main: Jeff, just keep in mind that that presentation was considering $1 billion in kind of a retrospective outlook. As Forbes says, we are certainly on track so far on to that, but depending on where the revenue shows up, some of the revenue might show up in facilities that are already fully utilized, in which case we’d have to expand capacity in those factories. So quarter to quarter, you may see some variation in how much operating leverage we gain. But when we look back in three or four quarters at the revenue increase, that is still the level of operating leverage we would expect to accrete. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: And I guess that was my question, whether over a multi-quarter period as you looked, as your forecast continue to update, if you still saw the mix generally pointing you in that direction, but it sounds like so far, so good. 
Timothy L. Main: So far, so good but I just -- I want to warn you that it will not be completely linear. It’s been linear so far. You know, we’ve got a few quarters to go and it’s unlikely to be completely linear throughout that process. Again, depending on how quickly the revenue shows up, how steep the ramps are, and which facilities the revenue shows up in. If they are fully utilized facilities, that operating leverage for that quarter might be a little bit slower. If we incur more significant start-up expenses for any significant steep ramps or any significant delays, that could decrease the operating leverage in that particular quarter.  But again, we feel very good about the progress we are making and again, when we look back at this period in time, that operating leverage will be there. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. The other question I wanted to ask also related to the same presentation at the analyst day, which was moving the mobility sector back into I think a 15%-plus growth trajectory, and I was wondering what the timeframe you feel like that is in order to be able to get there. Because even as you continue to ramp over the next couple of quarters -- well, into the quarter you’ve guided for, you’re still sort of bumping up against flat and so is it sort of as we get through the disappointment of seasonal ramp and through the February quarter? Or how would you characterize how we should think about how soon, or your visibility into getting back to 15% plus growth in mobility?
Timothy L. Main: I think we’ll track against some easier comparables, anyways. I think you’ve got to go back all the way to Q107 before you have a real robust quarter in mobility. I think that quarter was -- (Multiple Speakers) So I think next quarter, the guidance was pretty robust and I would expect to see year over year, Jabil tracking to that 15% growth level in the present case. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Louis Miscioscia from Cowen & Company.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Okay, thank you. Tim, could you go back to the comments that you made about the macro environment? I think you sort of said two things. I just want to make sure I understood those correctly. One was that it appears as if the macro environment might be deteriorating but then also that you are expecting it to be more stable. If you could just maybe help clarify that. 
Timothy L. Main: I’m comparing what our experience is and what we see in terms of production levels with exogenous indicators, to mean what you read in the press, what you read in the Wall Street Journal, what the latest federal indicators are and so forth. So those flags, those indicators appear to be weakening and I don’t think there’s -- I don’t think I’d get much argument there from anybody. What I’m saying is relative to what we see in terms of production levels with our customers overall in total. That increasing negativity or weakness in economic indicators doesn’t seem to be manifesting itself in our production levels today. And I think everybody should be forewarned that if the economy deteriorated and that started to show up in our production levels, then you know, this condition continues. We’re basing our outlook on a continuation of a weak but somewhat stable economic environment, so we are not banking on any type of robust recovery. If we did get a recovery, then our numbers could actually be better.  If the negative indicators that we read about in the newspaper and on TV constantly drilling into our heads that things are very poor, then things could be lower than what we’ve guided to. So that’s a caveat in an environment like this.  What I am saying is that based on our present production levels with customers, we are not seeing a significant deterioration. Things have not changed materially or significantly for us in the last 90 days. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Okay, and you probably would say that you get about 60 decent days of visibility here. 
Timothy L. Main: Well, you know, you’ve been in this business a long time. You know we have visibility for a year from customers. It’s probably only worth the next 60 to 90 days and even then, if they are abruptly hit with things that they didn’t anticipate, they may change their schedules as well. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: One last question on the same topic, how much do you get the sense or the feeling from customers that they are obviously just asking you to keep the production levels because in case things do improve, they don’t want to get cut short and then all of a sudden we get to maybe the end of 60 days and unfortunately things change dramatically from just the past experience with those situations you’ve had. 
Timothy L. Main: I don’t get the impression that we are being led on by customers at this point, and we do have some cross-checks and we do have some visibility into our customers’ inventory levels, so I don’t believe that we are being in appropriately led by customers. I don’t think it’s, you know, they are hiding anything from us. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Okay, and one quick --  (Multiple Speakers) Yes, yes, it was. R&D seems to be moving around a little bit. Is that basically just some quarters you are just getting paid for it and some quarters you’re not, and that’s why it’s sort of a little choppy here?
Timothy L. Main: I’m sorry, Lou. We were having a little sidebar. What was the first part of the question?
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Sure. R&D seems to be a little bit up and down. Just wondering, is that just because certain quarters you get paid some for it and some certain quarters you don’t?
Timothy L. Main: That’s really the variation, is when customers pay [NRE] sometimes and sometimes they don’t. We’ll run off a program and it might be a quarter or two before another program starts up, so I think you can expect to see a couple million dollar variation there from time to time.  We typically have decent visibility into the next quarter though. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin from Thomas Weisel.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks. I just wanted to follow-up on the questions regarding the display business. Obviously it’s been weak for reasons you stated. Could you tell us what, and you are looking to build revenue, what revenue run-rate would you need for it to get back to profitability? And as you look at customer opportunities, particularly outside of Europe, are there opportunities out there to bring in new business and are you pursuing that?
Timothy L. Main: We have been pursuing new business. I think that for that business to be profitable to a level that would be considered acceptable, we’d probably need in the $300 million to $350 million a quarter type of run-rate. We certainly have the customer base that would support that today. We do not currently have the outlook though to support that, so that’s one of the things and we’ll be assessing that over the next few quarters, is can we develop enough business with the present customer base, which is actually a very good customer base, to get us into that $300 million to $350 million a quarter run-rate, on a more consistent basis than one quarter a year. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then on the automotive business where it looks like it’s finally a little bit more stable for you, the guidance looks more seasonal than anything, could you remind us what the geographic mix of your customer base is, particularly exposure to the big three in the U.S.? And then just comment on the project wins and some of the incremental business that you are bringing on there.
Timothy L. Main: You know, I don’t have a big three exposure number. We have a big European customer in automotive and we have two North American customers. The newest North American customer I think has done a fabulous job of diversifying their customer base to -- particularly the Asian vehicle manufacturers, and most of our customers have -- really is the Asian manufacturers and even some of the European manufacturers have been comparatively more attractive opportunities for them, have developed real businesses there.  But I’m sorry, Matt, I can’t tell you exactly what our big three exposure is. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, that’s fair. And then Forbes, just a quick question on the tax rate; you guided for about 19% this quarter. Should we be thinking about that level for FY09 as well?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Yeah, I believe that’s an appropriate rate to use, Matt, yes. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. All right, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison from Longbow.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Good afternoon. If we could just maybe talk a little bit about the ramp timetable for that new telecom customer -- are we looking more early part of ’09 for that to begin to ramp, or beyond that?
Timothy L. Main: Telecom by its nature is a slower ramp type of business, so I think you should count on that being a multi-quarter ramp process. I think it will eventually be a material customer for us and we certainly hope it to be. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And then just a follow-up question on cash deployment. I know you have another say $50 million in cash for the restructuring here. You know, generating another incremental $100 million in free cash flow in the August quarter, how should we expect that to be deployed going forward? Some working capital, some CapEx, but beyond that?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Well, currently our main thoughts are continue to fund our growth. If you look over the next couple of quarters, while we are not giving any guidance into our first fiscal quarter that’s typically a very seasonally high quarter for us, with our consumer base of customers. And as history will show you, we tend to either consume cash or pretty close to break-even in that fiscal quarter, as we see growth there, seasonality with that cash coming back into the company in the February quarter.  So as we see things right now, we are pretty comfortable with our dividend levels where they are and we use cash currently through the next couple or three quarters to fund the continuing growth that we see. And once we get into the second fiscal quarter, we’ll revisit that and determine what the appropriate actions may be. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, and then just one quick follow-up; that incremental $50 million in cash restructuring cost, what should we expect in savings from that in terms of a dollar amount?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Well, we talked before about $10 million in the fourth fiscal quarter. Some of that’s come into Q3, so let’s call is 7 there. And then you are probably looking to maybe another $10 million over that timeframe.  A lot of the costs, the cash that’s leaving the company over the next three fiscal quarters is really a result of the cost [avoidance] out of some of our Western European facilities that we are downsizing in a pretty dramatic fashion. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Congrats on the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner from Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. I was just curious if you could maybe comment a little bit on your inventory levels in the quarter. They ticked up a bit. Is there anything there that we should think about?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Nothing particular, Sherri. You’re absolutely correct; it ticked up about $29 million and about a day there. Some of that is pre-positioning for some of the growth that we are seeing quarter over quarter, but I’m optimistic that we can take care of that day back out as we move through the next quarter here. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then if I look at the debt levels, Forbes, you gave some pretty good detail about how you are changing the capital structure, adding another $150 million and then another -- it sounded like a revolver in Europe. You’ve added about $250 million sequentially to your debt levels and increased your leverage a bit, and I’m just curious -- you know, you are generating a decent amount of cash. What’s the logic there for adding that debt?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: It’s to give us flexibility. As I said a little bit earlier on, we do see some great growth opportunities here across the coming quarters and certainly over fiscal year ’09, so again it just really gives us stability in our capital structure, spreading some of these debt elements out to 2018 and gives us lots of flexibility, as I say, to grow the business. And then we’ll see where we go with that and whether that be opportunity to increase dividend or stock repurchase at some point in the future, you know, we’ll look at that. 
Timothy L. Main: Sherri, keep in mind that the $150 million add-on to the 250 8.25 10-year senior bond was really a completion of an intended $400 million deal that we wanted to do in January, but the credit markets just slammed shut on us and we weren’t able to do the full 400, so it’s really a completion of the capital structure plan that we talked about actually late in ’07 as a result of the Green Point acquisition. So that was an $800 million long-term investment that we put into 10-year, five and 10-year money on our balance sheet through the bank term loan and our $400 million deal.  The Euro-Asian AR securitization program, I believe that’s a 364 day facility, so that’s kind of a short-term but as Forbes said, it’s very, very low cost money and I think a good way for us to fund the business. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. That’s very helpful. If I could just squeeze in a quick question, maybe Tim, you’ve been talking about the overall EMS industry. I think you said the potential to grow 10% to 15% in the future and clearly we’ve had some slower growth recently with some customers falling off and the weakness in the economic environment. When do you think we start to see that 10% to 15% growth? Is that in the middle of fiscal ’09 or -- I mean, I don’t expect that we’ll see it this year clearly, but when do you think we’ll start to see something like that?
Timothy L. Main: Sherri, we haven’t issued any guidance in ’09 but I would expect ’09 to be a much better year than ’08. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Yes, thank you. Sorry to beat a dead horse, but if I could just kind of drill into mobile again, you’ve talked for a little bit of time around a lot of the new programs that you are taking on and if there’s a way perhaps to get a sense of how these programs are focused in terms of whether these are more middle, lower tier -- I know that you had mentioned Apple so obviously that gets to a different end product, but if there is a way to provide a little bit of color around that for these new programs with your customers. 
Timothy L. Main: I’m not sure if I can do that, other than to say that -- I mean, generally speaking our activity has historically and today is more pointed at the mid- to high-end range of the product lines, and certainly our mechanics capability with decorative coatings and metals that we do is clearly directed more towards the mid- to high-end product ranges of our customer base.  That said, I think we’ve got very strong capabilities out of our India, Ukrainian, and Chinese factories that can support the low-end needs of our customers and we are fully committed to be a full service supplier in those marketplaces. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Okay, that’s helpful. And then secondly, this was a topic, Tim, I think that you had brought up on the last call but we didn’t really hit on it this time and it’s a small portion of your business, but is there perhaps a way to provide a little bit of incremental color around your outlook and performance within military and what you are seeing there?
Timothy L. Main: You know, we haven’t been breaking that out although I think we talked about it a little bit at the analyst meeting and have done some drill-downs. The defense and aerospace business is actually doing quite well for us now. You know, I think a $250 million to $300 million a year run-rate is kind of generally the position that we are in today and I think over the last -- you know, it’s taken a long time to develop the manufacturing and relationship confidence to really penetrate that market in a more mature way but at that kind of run-rate, I think it’s well-positioned for good growth. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Okay and then lastly, if I could just jump into storage for a moment, in separating that out from your larger group of computing and storage, is there anything that you are seeing there from your customers and just kind of general sentiments within the enterprise?
Timothy L. Main: You know, most of our computing and storage sector is storage and most of that storage is enterprise level storage, and we have some great customers in that area -- Network Appliance, EMC, IBM, HP, and others, and that’s actually been pretty strong. Even through this kind of slack economic period, it’s continued to be fairly strong for us and we are really investing in that area, both in design, our mechanical capability, our global fulfillment capability, we’re really -- we want to make that a real cornerstone of strategic advantage for our company and it’s a real target sector for us. So we are going to continue to invest in our capabilities there and really strengthen our position as rapidly as we can. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Stein from Credit Suisse.
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Great. It sounds like I got in just under the wire. First I’d like to retouch on the inventory question; Forbes, on last quarter’s call, or maybe it was Tim, you guys spoke about customers pulling down demand at the end of the quarter and that was what caused an inventory build in fiscal Q2, and you expected to bring down inventories by I think $50 million to $75 million in fiscal Q3, yet here we have another build.  I’m curious -- what changed? I know you said earlier that you may be building for better anticipated demand. Did you see a change in the demand picture during the quarter that made you decide to do that?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: We don’t effectively decide to build the inventory. That’s really driven by indication from our customers, obviously, and purchase orders for products, which drive that demand in. So the build-up here, it’s big, it’s $20-odd million. It’s nothing overly dramatic when you look at the growth that we have leading into Q4 here. But there are some areas of our business where we are building smaller lots, particularly in the areas of instrumentation and medical, as some areas of our business where you are only looking at inventory turns of maybe four or five a year -- you know, best case six in those industries. So you know, we’ve got a little bit of work to do internally in improving some of our processes there. But nothing dramatic in that area.  So there’s nothing material going on in terms of what we saw coming out of the quarter and the corrections there are what we are seeing coming out. 
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then also on automotive, we’ve spoken a bit about the other unprofitable or the traditionally profitable segment, the displays and looking at a two to three-quarter analysis period I think you said. Now, automotive apparently turned a profit this quarter. Do you view that as sustainable at the current run-rate or is it something that’s kind of touch and go? What’s driving the change there and do you see it as permanent or not?
Timothy L. Main: What drove the change there is better operational performance and more revenue and we’ll probably take a step back this quarter but it’s a seasonally down quarter -- it has been since as long as I can remember. And so that should be expected a little bit and I think automotive has a great opportunity to swing back to profit in fiscal Q1 and have some sustainable improvement in their outlook. 
William Stein - Credit Suisse: So Tim, should I take that to say that for you to think that segment is more or less off the table as far as what you might go away from if you can’t turn it around? I mean, in other words, do you view this as sustainably profitable now? 
Timothy L. Main: I think we would like to see consistent results first and keep the pressure on the people that run that sector for us and so we need to see more than one data point on the chart. But it certainly fits with our strategic outlook and there’s no reason that it cannot conform with our financial objectives. So I think we have a high level of commitment to make this work but to be fair, we’d like to see two or three quarters of improving results before we would take the pressure off the people running that business. 
William Stein - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. 
Beth A. Walters: Operator, we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Good afternoon. First, I’d like to just ask a question regarding a story that was on Reuters this morning at about 3:00 a.m. regarding the weakness that has been seen in Foxconn this year, down 50% for the year, down 6% they said yesterday, or the day before, I should say. And -- yeah, yesterday and [Commpow] also down 6%, and blaming some of that weakness on fears that there would be cost increases in labor and other cost elements in Asia for those Asian companies and your competitors. Could you comment on how that might affect you and what the differences might be between what their experience would be? Because I think that the weakness in those stocks has also slopped over into weakness in some of the North American companies and it may not be appropriate. 
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, thanks for teeing that up because I think one of the dynamics that happened after the 2001-02 recession is there was a headfirst move to China in particular as companies legitimately [uprooted] to reduce costs and rationalize the supply chain, and a very attractive solution was a fixed base of operation, vertical campus, everything in one place, so build in the cheapest location in the world and export from there. And that was, for Foxconn, obviously, fabulously successful for them, maybe less so for some of the OEMs that you mentioned. But generally has been favorable for those that had limited global operations but significant vertically integrated China scale. And I think what we will see going forward is OEMs really desiring to have a more diversified global footprint.  So some of the companies that fail to invest in a global IT systems, sophisticated demand/supply management tools, order fulfillment capabilities around the world, really developing the capability to transition production from one location to another globally, either for cost or for customers to opportunistically generate market share within targeted markets like the BRICs. Companies that made those investments I think will benefit from them going forward.  Because another dynamic, aside from the escalation of taxes and labor costs within China is a fundamental increase in logistics costs around the world and as fuel prices continue to increase, logistics costs will increase and OEMs will offer to reduce their carbon footprint around the world and they will continue to get pressure from NGOs and others to reduce the complexity and the amount of logistics that they employ to get their product to market, all of which I think will play into fundamentally strong broad-based global footprint supported by the world-class sophisticated IT systems of people. So I think looking forward, the types of strengths that Jabil can bring to the table will compare very well against the other choices in the marketplace.  I don’t know if that has anything to do at all with weakness in stock prices in North America or China, or Taiwan. But if you invite me to get on the soapbox and talk about a relative advantage or disadvantage, that would be my point of view on it right now. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Thank you. The other question I have is regarding -- Forbes, regarding the 18% incremental margins you’ve talked about with the first $1 billion. I’m having a little hard time with some of these numbers because if your sales for this year were up 15% let’s say for next year at the high-end, that would add $1.9 billion. And if you get 18% on the first $1 billion, let’s say you only get $23 million or $25 million on the second $900 million, or about 2.5% incremental on that, it gets you to a 4% operating margin on the total sales. But it also gets you to $1.90 a share. So that seems a little bit excessive to me in view of the current numbers people are expecting. But even if you reduce that to say $1.60, that will give you about a 3.4%, 3.5% operating margin on those sales. You would only be getting a 6.5% incremental margin on the whole and you would only be getting $124 million on the additional $1.9 billion of sales. So it doesn’t seem to add up. I mean, the 18% seems to be too high. It’s giving us a number that’s way above anybody’s expectations. 
Timothy L. Main: Well, I think it’s only too high because it doesn’t fit with the valuation picture. I mean, and it doesn’t fit with the valuation picture even at 3.5% operating margin. So what the market must be discounting is any ability to grow the business. That’s kind of the way I would look at it and if you believe that we can grow the business, whether it’s 3.5% or 4%, will make the present valuation of the company look extremely low. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: It would seem that way. Thank you. 
Beth A. Walters: Thank you very much. This concludes our conference call for today. We’ll mention to people that Jabil management will participate in an interview tomorrow morning on Bloomberg at 6:40 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks very much for joining us today. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-03-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth A. Walters - Vice President, Communications & Investor Relations  Timothy L. Main - President & Chief Executive Officer Forbes I.J. Alexander - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company Brian White - Jeffries & Company Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Sean Hannan - Needham & Company Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Jim Suva - Citigroup Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kalia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil second quarter fiscal year 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Walters, you may begin your conference. 
Beth A. Walters: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter fiscal year 2008 call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO Tim Main and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander.  This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investor section, along with today’s press release and a slideshow presentation on the quarter. You can follow along with the presentation the slides that are posted on the website and begin with slide one now.  Our second quarter forward-looking statements -- during this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected third quarter fiscal year 2008, and full fiscal year 2008 net revenue and earning results; our long-term outlook for our company and improvements in our operational efficiency and in our financial performance.  Statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2007, on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and our other securities filings with the SEC.  Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  If you could please now turn to slides two or three, our results for the second fiscal quarter. On revenues of $3.06 billion, our GAAP operating income was $1.6 million. This compares to $36.7 million GAAP operating income on revenues of $2.93 billion for the same period in the prior year. The reduction principally due to restructuring charges, which were $41 million higher than the year-ago period.  Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, and restructuring charges for the quarter was $67.8 million, or 2.2% of revenue, as compared to 55.6 or 1.9 for the same period in the prior year.  Core earnings per diluted share were $0.20, as compared to $0.14 for the same period in the prior year. On a year-over-year basis for the quarter, this represents a 4% growth in revenue and a 22% increase in core operating profits. On a sequential basis, revenues decreased 9% while core operating income decreased 44%, reflecting the seasonal nature of the consumer division.  Please turn to slide four for a discussion of revenue by division and sectors for the second fiscal quarter. Starting with our EMS division, it represented revenue of 66%, or $2 billion, growth of 2% on a sequential basis. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was 3.2% of revenue.  Sector movements are as follows -- production levels in the automotive sector declined by 13% versus the prior quarter, primarily reflecting seasonal demand; computing and storage sector increased 1% from the first quarter; industrial, instrumentation and medical sector declined by 3% from the prior quarter, reflecting decline in product revenues in line with our previous expectations and guidance; the networking sector levels of production increased by 2% from the previous quarter; telecommunications sector increased 26% sequentially as a result of a full quarter’s revenue from the Nokia Siemens network relationship announced in the first fiscal quarter.  Turning to our consumer division, the consumer division represented approximately 29%, or $900 million in the second fiscal quarter, a sequential decline of 28%, reflecting the seasonal nature of this division. Core operating income for the division in the quarter was negative 1% of revenue.  Sequential sector movements are as follows: mobility and display product sector decreased 36% from the prior quarter, reflecting the seasonal nature in this sector across both the displays and mobile products; mobility decreased by 31% and displays by 40%. The peripherals sector decreased by 9% from the first fiscal quarter, reflecting less seasonality than previously estimated.  The after market services division represented approximately 5% of overall company revenue in the second fiscal quarter. Core operating income for the division was 7% of revenue.  Please turn to slide five. Our divisional and sector information for the quarter in percentage terms is as follows: automotive, 4%; computing and storage, 13%; industrial, instrumentation, and medical, 18%; networking, 22%; telecom, 7%; and other, 2%. In the consumer division: displays, 7%; mobility, 11%; peripherals, 11%. The after market services, as mentioned, is 5% of revenues overall.  In the fiscal quarter, two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenues, Cisco Systems and Hewlett Packard. Our top 10 customers in the quarter accounting for approximately 64 percent of our revenue, which is consistent with our last fiscal quarter.  Selling, general and administration expenses declined by $1 million in the quarter, reflecting ongoing cost management initiatives. Research and development costs were $9.9 million in the quarter, or approximately $3.3 million higher than in the previous quarter, reflecting ongoing investments in our collaborative design services.  Net interest expense fell $3 million from the first quarter, reflecting lower average debt balances in the quarter. The tax rate in the quarter was 8% as a result of sources of income from lower tax jurisdictions during the quarter and year-to-date.  I would like to turn the call now over to Forbes Alexander. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon. I would now like you to turn to slides six, seven and eight. The company’s sales cycle in the quarter expanded by one day to 23 days. Days sales outstanding decreased by three days while accounts payable days outstanding were consistent with the prior quarter at 63 days.  Inventory days increased by four days from the prior quarter, inventory turns being eight. In dollar terms, inventory grew by $10 million versus the November quarter, as a result of the scheduled declines we saw in mid to late February impacting our third quarter. We would anticipate inventory reductions as we move through the upcoming quarter.  Cash flows from operations were approximately $134 million in the quarter versus zero in the same period in the previous fiscal year. Our returns on invested capital were 8% as compared to 7% in the same period of fiscal 2007. Our cash and cash equivalents were $531 million, $133 million lower than the previous quarter, reflecting the repayment of $150 million on our revolving credit facility.  Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $87 million, including approximately $27 million related to our ongoing expansions in China, India, Poland, and the Ukraine, along with associated IT infrastructure of $20 million.  Our depreciation in the quarter was approximately $58 million, and EBITDA in the quarter at $126 million.  During the second fiscal quarter, we completed a $250 million 8.25% 10-year senior unsecured note offering. Proceeds from these notes and cash flows from operations during the quarter were used to pay down $400 million drawn on our five-year, $800 million revolving credit facility.  During the quarter, we also terminated the 180-day $200 million revolving credit facility we had entered into in the December period of 2007.  At the end of the second quarter, there were no bridge facilities in place and no balances outstanding on our five-year, $800 million revolving credit facility, which expires in July 2012.  We are pleased that we executed to our expectations within the quarter in what is a challenging demand environment. The results posted for the first half of fiscal 2008 revenue of approximately $6.4 billion and core operating income of approximately $190 million, or 3% of revenue, represents growth in revenue of 4% for the first half of fiscal year 2007 and core operating income dollar growth is 35%.  It remains pleasing to note cash flow from operations remained strong in the quarter at $134 million. In the first half of the fiscal year, approximately $280 million of cash had been generated from operations, while approximately $100 million of cash after capital expenditures and dividend payments over the same period.  I would quickly like to review our restructuring activity with you. We continue to manage our overall rationalization plan according to our previously announced detail. During the second quarter, we recorded charges of approximately $42 million. Total charges recorded to date against our overall plan are approximately $241 million. We continue to expect our total restructuring charges to be approximately $250 million, as we previously discussed.  During the quarter, cash payments associated with restructuring activities were approximately $10 million. Total cash payments to date against the plan are approximately $105 million. The cash costs for such charges for this plan remain in an estimated range of $150 million to $200 million. Discussions with our employees and their representatives continue and we are complying with all statutory consultation periods required of us.  As a result, we currently estimate that cash payments totaling approximately $20 million will occur in the balance of this fiscal year. The majority of the balance of cash payments will occur during the first half of fiscal 2009 and we expect to see the benefits of such actions in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2008 and the first half of fiscal 2009, as previously discussed.  I’ll now ask you to turn to slide nine. As we moved through February, we received indications from our customer base of broad-based reductions in demand across the second half of our fiscal year. These reductions represent approximately 7% in revenues in the second half of the fiscal year from the midpoint of our previous guidance.  Turning to the third fiscal quarter, we now estimate revenue to be in the range of $3.05 billion to $3.15 billion. As a result, core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.18 to $0.22. As a percentage of revenue, we estimate core operating margins to be in the range of 2.3% to 2.6%.  Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be approximately $113 million. Research and development costs are expected to be approximately $7 million in the quarter. Intangible amortization, approximately $9 million. Stock-based compensation is estimated to be approximately $15 million in the quarter, and finally interest expense is estimated to be approximately $25 million in the third quarter.  Based upon the current estimate of production and income levels, tax rate on core operating income is expected to be approximately 20% in the third quarter and 19% for the full fiscal year.  Capital expenditures for the third quarter are estimated to be in the range of $60 million to $80 million. Capital expenditures for the full fiscal year remain an estimate of $250 million to $300 million. These capital expenditures estimates reflect commitments to manufacturing footprint expansions and IT infrastructure upgrades made at the beginning of our fiscal year.  I’ll now ask you to turn to slide 10. The EMS division is estimated to increase by 3% from the second quarter, or 10% on a year-over-year basis. Sector breakdown is as follows: automotive is expected to increase 10% from the second quarter, reflecting product ramps with a recently noted new customer; our computing and storage sector is estimated to be consistent with that of the second quarter; industrial, instrumentation, and medical is estimated to increase by 8% from the previous quarter, largely on the strength of growth in our medical business, including the ramp of a new medical customer; our networking sector is expected to be consistent with that of the second quarter, as is our telecom sector.  Turning to the consumer division, this is estimated to decline by 4% in our third fiscal quarter. The sector breakdown is as follows: the display sector is expected to decrease by 20% in our third quarter, reflective of inventory corrections across our customer base; the mobility sector is estimated to be consistent with that of our third quarter; finally, our peripherals sector is estimated to increase by 2% in the third fiscal quarter, reflecting increased demand for set-top boxes. Our after market services division is expected to increase by 6% in the second fiscal quarter.  I’ll now ask you to turn to slide 11. Our estimates for the full fiscal year are now revenue in the range of $12.6 billion to $12.8 billion, with core operating income expected to be in the range of $355 million to $395 million, or 2.8% to 3.1% of revenue. As a result, core earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $1.00 to $1.16.  At its midpoint, this guidance reflects a year-over-year growth in revenues, 4%; and core operating income growth of $44 million, or 13%; EBITDA of approximately $605 million, or growth of 10% on a year-over-year basis.  On a divisional basis, we estimate for the full fiscal year revenues for the EMS division of approximately $8.3 billion; the consumer division, approximately $3.8 billion, and the AMS division approximately $700 million.  Core operating income expectations, an estimate of approximately 3.4% of revenue for the EMS division, 1.3% of revenue for the consumer division, and 7% for the AMS division.  Cash flow from operations are estimated to remain in excess of $600 million, providing in excess of $260 million of free cash flow after capital expenditures and dividend payments.  I would now like to hand the call over to Tim Main. 
Timothy L. Main: Thanks, Forbes. Fiscal Q2 came in as expected. Cash flow from operations was good at $134 million. This could have been better but inventory levels were a bit higher than expected as forward-looking demand softened leading into fiscal Q3.  Over the course of the last 90 days, but in particular during February, demand expectations declined significantly. Our revenue expectations for the second half of our fiscal year are now approximately 7% below our previous estimate. This decline is clearly a function of softening macroeconomic environment. There are no customer losses or material program or market share losses driving the decline.  We have seen the largest declines in telecommunications and our display sectors but most sectors experienced a reduction. The exceptions to this, our computing and storage sector, and our after-market services business, each continuing to show positive gains in a poor environment.  We had been on the good path of margin recovery, showing 170 basis point improvement in core operating margins from fiscal Q207 to a 3.6% level in fiscal Q108. Regretfully, this progression will be more challenging in the next quarter or two due to the reduced revenue outlook.  Our business is actually in very good fundamental condition. While acknowledging room for improvement in certain areas, we have no known major fixes or issues or broken parts of our business. We will work our inventory levels down a bit and drive cash flow while demand is slack. Thankfully our balance sheet is in good condition to accommodate the current environment.  With no major issues to fix and the ability to ride out the present turmoil, we can focus on growth and our prospects for fiscal 2009, now less than six months away. Recessions come and go and the stronger players can use the opportunity to strengthen their position and really thrive in the early period of recovery.  Our new business activity has been quite good. We have sizable new customer wins in telecom, medical, mobility, and industrial areas amounting to over $750 million in annual revenue. This, combined with a wide range of new program wins with existing customers and rejuvenated growth in mobility should result in a robust fiscal 2009. Revenue growth will contribute directly to a strong resumption of margin expansion, sustained free cash flow, and improvement in our returns on capital. We will focus on this future as we manage through a more challenging present. Thank you. 
Beth A. Walters: Operator, we’re ready for the question-and-answer session. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Louis Miscioscia.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Can I ask a question about the August quarter? It seems given your full year EPS guidance that there’s a reasonable EPS bounce-back in the August quarter, where I guess normally I would have thought that seasonality wouldn’t help too much, that August would more likely be flattish to May. Is there anything going on like restructuring that’s helping or is it really just revenue growth kicking in?
Timothy L. Main: I think the forecast calls for about $100 million of additional revenue in the quarter, which is a function of a variety of programs that are ramping currently and some recovery in our mobility business, which we have. Actually, given the current environment, have pretty good confidence about.  And if you look at the operating income improvement, there’s about a $35 million improvement in operating income in Q4 from Q3. Where that comes from, there’s about $10 million of benefit from the rationalization and manufacturing efficiencies, which leaves about $25 million improvement and that’s really driven from the revenue -- about $20 million to $25 million, depending on mix, $20 million to $25 million of operating income for each additional $100 million of revenue. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Okay, and then looking at the consumer area, it looks like from a seasonal aspect, I’m assuming mobility is flat quarter to quarter after the big drop in the February quarter, but displays continue to decrease. Is there anything else that’s going on under the cover there?
Timothy L. Main: No, no major customer losses or program losses. Actually, if anything, we’re expanding our market share there, such as it is. We have an inventory correction going on. We actually drove LCD TV production pretty strong throughout Q1 and actually going into Q2 and I think demand really backed up on our customers in that space pretty quickly as consumers basically stopped buying. So we’re going to see the downturn in Q2 obviously extend into Q3 as that inventory correction takes place. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Okay, and then a final question on another industry topic -- for computing, networking, and telecom, you’ve got it flat quarter to quarter obviously as per your guidance. Would normal seasonality give you about a 5% lift going into the May quarter?
Timothy L. Main: Typically, yeah. We definitely see some bounce-back from our February quarter in May. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian White.
Brian White - Jeffries & Company: Tim, could you update us a little bit on the vertical integration in the mobile handset area? I think we were looking forward to that some time in late ’08?
Timothy L. Main: The integration has gone pretty well. We have things like SAP integration completed. We won a number of new programs and actually had a couple of new customers in that space and as we talked about in prepared comments, the mobility sector is stable Q2 to Q3, so we have been experiencing pretty much sequential declines for the last year-and-a-half as we reduce business with our major customer in that segment. That’s now stabilized and what we’ve talked about in previous conference calls and conferences out on the road and that type of thing is that we would expect business there to stabilize and then start to grow again in the back half of this year and indeed, that’s what we see happening.  So we are actually pretty pleased with the way things are going right now. 
Brian White - Jeffries & Company: Okay, and in the display business, I know Philips has brought on other companies to help them with some of the assembly work. You don’t think that had anything to do with the soft outlook in displays?
Timothy L. Main: No, they’ve been doing business with other folks for a long time, and so that really has nothing to do with it. 
Brian White - Jeffries & Company: Well, I know, but they brought in some new partners. 
Timothy L. Main: They churn people all the time. 
Brian White - Jeffries & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Timothy L. Main: Our business with Philips is actually up this year over the previous year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Just looking at the overall demand softness that you talked about over the last 90 days, could you just talk about -- are you starting to see some stability in your order book at this time or is it a case where every time you run that order book, things seem to be a little bit softer?
Timothy L. Main: Well, I think Forbes will probably slap me for this but I think things are bottoming, actually, from what I can see. I tend to be a little bit more optimistic and pro-business in these environments but the housing market kind of led us into this. That stabilized. Some of the white goods customers are stabilizing. You know, the computing and storage segment continues to do pretty well. Consumers have backed up. Consumer confidence is at an all-time low in the United States but demand is still very strong in Asia. Europe seems to be hanging in there.  So my sense is that we may see things bottom here in the spring and early summer and start to see a real strong bounce-back in the fall. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right, and then just the computing segment, that clearly seems to be bucking the trend for you guys. Is your sense that’s really a reflection of Jabil winning more market share there, or are the end markets in general a lot more stable on the computing side?
Timothy L. Main: I think the end markets are pretty strong there but we have been winning market share there as well.  
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right, and then just finally one of the big positive things through the whole process for the last six or nine months has been you generated a fair amount of cash as you go through a revenue decline. Could you just talk about, given the fact that you have debt financing secured at this point, options or have you explored a stock buy-back in this environment?
Timothy L. Main: Based on the valuation of selling at four times EBITDA kind of thing, we’d love to go back and buy-back a bunch of stock. The prudent side, the Forbes Alexander side of this table would say look, we’re in a recession. We don’t know if it’s going to get better or worse. It’s a good time to hold on to your cash for a little bit and make sure that the balance sheet is in good shape. If things started to turn around and we saw the business moving in the other direction -- I mean, we were generating sufficient cash, stock buy-backs would be something we would look at if we continue to be at the kind of valuations we are today. But right now I think we want to hang on to our -- 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Yeah, I think that’s fair, Amit. Let’s -- as you say, strong cash generation as we work through certainly the next couple of quarters and into ’09, let’s see if this business in terms of a recession trend comes back. But with the way the debt markets are today, it’s tougher and tougher out there, so I’d like to see some easing there. There are still many, many opportunities ahead of us here as we move into ’09.  So I think the prudent thing to do right now is build that cash back up and we will certainly review that as we move through the balance of the year. 
Timothy L. Main: The way our planning cycle works, we are getting a look now at our fiscal Q1, our November quarter, from our customers and our internal business units and we might need the cash because it looks like a pretty strong growth. I’m sure everyone’s skeptical about that, as well we will be, but based on how customers are feeling and the ramp of our business with new customers and accounts and new program wins, a significant expansion in our November quarter and we might need the cash. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thank you. 
Timothy L. Main: We’ll take a look at it as the year progresses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kessel of Bear Stearns.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Tim, actually I just had a question here; in the statement that you guys made in your release regarding -- you actually say the slowdown in end markets will reduce your growth rate and then impede the margin expansion. And I’m just thinking back to you know, in the past the way you guys have typically talked about the businesses is the end markets have had a much less significant impact on the overall growth rate for Jabil. So what is different this time around? Is it that more of the pipeline of business is back-end loaded this year? Or why are the end markets specifically kind of the reason for the actual decline at this point?
Timothy L. Main: In a steady environment, Kevin, you’re absolutely right. Our compound annual growth rate for the last dozen years has been around 25%, really only about 4% to 5% comes out of end market growth on an annual basis. However, we are hitting a pretty significant macroeconomic air pocket here and I don’t think anybody is immune from that. So it’s a -- how this usually works for us is it’s a quarter or two. Looking back on previous recessionary periods, that’s about how long they’ve lasted for us. Before OEMs get back to outsourcing, they start to look at their own internal operations and outsource a little bit more. Things kind of settle out, some of the weaker players have to exit or get consolidated, creating opportunities for us as well.  When you hit an air pocket when there’s a significant contraction, nobody’s really immune from it. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: And so that’s where you also get the timeframe being the next quarter or two? If it’s both, looking back at the past and how Jabil's business has performed during these sort of periods, and also looking I guess at your customers’ forecasts -- 
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, I’ve been through two recessions here. One was not as a public company, ’91-’92 and we came out of that in ’93 and went public. And then the 2001-2002 time period and that prompted a four or five-year expansion of our business that was very robust and good for shareholders. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay, and then just on mobility, if I recollect correctly, the mobility segment was actually expected previously to start to show some more significant growth in the May quarter and in the August quarter as a result of numerous new programs that you guys have won. And I know now you guys are calling for more of a consistent environment. Is that more the result of macroeconomic forces or is it that some of the new programs have maybe been delayed as a result or pushed out or -- 
Timothy L. Main: That’s really I think incorrect. We’ve said consistently that Q3 -- Q2, Q3 we’d see a stabilization of that sector in total and we actually haven’t until this quarter, in this guidance call provided specific information on mobility, other than to say the revenue declines would abate in the Q2, Q3 and then we’d start to see growth in Q4 and into Q109, which is exactly what’s happening. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin of Thomas Weisel.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks. I wanted to just ask a question regarding the inventories. You said they were up, you’re working them down. Could you be more specific about where you have some inventory build? Is it mostly in the TV display area or is it other areas as well?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: It’s really associated with those areas where we’ve seen the sharp declines that we experienced in the February period, so yeah, selling displays and telecommunications were the areas that we called out, were principal areas and there’s little pockets here and there where we’ve seen less of declines. But again, with material pipelines in this business, inventories are pre-positioned during the month of February for a March and April build, and those schedules have been pushed out or cut. So we’ve been actively working that during this month in fact and through into April to work those inventories down.  (Multiple Speakers) -- inventory degradation at -- 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. And then Tim, back to your comments about the visibility going into the August quarter, it sounds like you have reasonable confidence that you are going to see an increase in margins and in revenue, and yet just a quarter ago obviously your guidance for the year was a lot higher than it is now. What gives you confidence or what are you seeing from your customers that gives you a little bit more confidence in another quarter out here?
Timothy L. Main: I think we’re being a little bit conservative, just based on what’s happened over the last 90 days. But again, there are contribution in Q4 from new customer programs and new programs that are ramping, so we have that going forward for us, as well as the existing business.  You know, it’s a -- we provided a range and that range hopefully will accommodate additional softening, should that take place. We feel reasonably confident about Q3 and in Q4, if that top line comes through at about the $3.2 billion level, I think there’s no doubt that we’ll see the -- we don’t have any doubts about the fact that we’ll see significant improvement in profitability in that quarter. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: What you’ll actually see there, again in the midpoint of the guidance, what that’s implying is an operating income level around about 3.4%, 3.5% in our fourth quarter. So even though we’ve seen this substantial 7% revenue [fall-off] in the back half of the year, with that leverage coming in, it will really drive that operating income back up into the mid [threes]. And remind everyone that in our first fiscal quarter, we were around about 3.6%, so with that revenue coming back in, leverage in the cost base, we feel pretty good about that and we can continue to drive that back on up as we move into fiscal year ’09. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thanks and just lastly on mobility -- certainly you’ve seen stabilization. It sounds like you’ve got some wins there. Are you gaining traction or getting any leverage with Taiwan Green Point in terms of cross-selling and opportunities for some volume business for some of their customers?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, we don’t have anything specific to talk about today but yeah, we’re seeing some definite synergy there and I think that’s going to work out great for us. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. Just two questions; first of all, when you look at the $750 million of new wins, that’s in addition to what you’ve already had in your book of business prior to this quarter?  And then secondly, just to be clear on the display business, you’re confident that it’s mainly related to TV, there’s not any market share loss going on at your largest customer, and that you still have a bulk of business that’s ramping in say the second half of the calendar year?
Timothy L. Main: I’ll answer that in reverse. Our business with our largest customer in the displays area will be -- in fiscal ’08 will be above fiscal ’07. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: But I’m saying that the customer didn’t lose share in their market, not that you lost share in your -- 
Timothy L. Main: No, I mean, you can go take a look at what market share is going on there. No, that’s public information out there and I’m not going to make any comments on this call. That will just get me in trouble somewhere.  And then the other question, the other part of your question, Steve?
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: So that it’s mainly related to TVs and that your book of business in the TV business in the second half of the calendar year is still, you’re saying is pretty robust, I guess, and intact?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah. I thought there was another element to your question, though. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Well, then on the $750 million -- 
Timothy L. Main: In the new wins, right. Those wins have occurred over the last couple of quarters, let’s put it that way. They are business that won’t ramp though until very late this fiscal year and early in fiscal ’09. So they are contributions to our fiscal ’09 year. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Net of losses and whatever type of organic growth you have with the core business?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, we don’t anticipate any losses. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That’s what I was getting at. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Hannan with Needham & Company.
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Great. Thank you. Just to follow-up on an earlier question, I wanted to ask if when you saw some of these changes to your order forecast, was this a consistent progression that you saw once it began, or was this more of a downward step function and kind of a softer outlook sustained from there?
Timothy L. Main: So like a sudden downdraft versus -- 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Correct. 
Timothy L. Main: Yeah. I mean, if you looked at week to week, it’s a gradual progression but most of the reduction occurred in a period of 30 to 45 days, so it depends on your point of view. If you look close enough, if you are very, very micro, week to week, it was kind of a steady decline. And if you are more macro, it’s a pretty sudden downdraft in the post-January, February and early March period. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Okay. And then just on your prior guidance, the lower end of that guidance was kind of stated as factoring some recessionary pressures, I think. That was correct, right?
Timothy L. Main: That’s correct. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: So now with this 7% decline and most of this being attributed to telecom and displays, and you are seeing some broad-based weakness in some of your other areas, is there a way that you can just provide a little bit more color in walking through these different sectors specifically?
Timothy L. Main: A little bit. Automotive from a -- you know, looking at half-year guidance, so from changes from the previous guidance, automotive is down 3% to 5%. Instrumentation and medical is down about 5%. Our military business is pretty steady actually. Networking business is down a little bit and peripherals and some other areas of consumer down around 4%, 5%.  It’s virtually -- it’s every sector, with the exception of computer and storage. After market services is pretty consistent. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Okay, and then lastly, this business that you’ve taken on with Nokia Siemens, can you comment or provide a little color around how that is playing out from an expectation standpoint today versus when you first took on the business?
Timothy L. Main: I think expectations are in line. It might be a little lighter than what we originally expected. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Yeah, certainly in the fiscal quarter we just exited, it was -- our expectations -- you know, as we are looking out in Q4, it’s just a little bit lighter in terms of demand profile. Q3’s in relatively good shape. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: And you are chalking this up to being in line with the rest of the softness that you are seeing in that sector, or is this -- is there a little bit more or less of an impact that you see from that business?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: It’s a little bit less of an impact in terms of percentage terms to the sector. 
Sean Hannan - Needham & Company: Okay, terrific. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank.
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. If I look at the numbers, it looks like the networking sector was -- the guidance for the networking sector is a little bit better than I would have thought. Can you maybe give a little bit of commentary there in terms of is that also performing better than the overall market, like computing and storage?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: So our networking guidance we’ve given is consistent. I think it’s a little bit more than our previous expectations, as Tim just commented on, but we are seeing some pretty consistent demand patterns and schedule patterns from our customer base. Certainly not as volatile -- volatile is a strong word but volatile as we’ve seen in some of the other sectors. It seems to be relatively consistent in terms of the week-to-week order pattern that we are seeing, but certainly below the expectations we had 90 days ago, but not dramatically so. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. And then in terms of visibility, it sounds like you guys started to see a slowdown -- obviously your comments were that you saw a slowdown starting in February. What do you think your visibility is in terms of the orders that you have in place now? Do you think it’s about 90 days? Or can you maybe comment and talk about that a little bit?
Timothy L. Main: We have just a -- to kind of give some perspective, we go through our planning process. It takes a look at a full 12 months and typically we have visibility from customers for as long as 12 months. So that’s kind of the starting point.  Now, with the believability obviously that the near-term forecasts are much more believable then three or four quarters out, generally looking at the next 90 days, there’s a very, very high confidence level. We’ve rarely if ever missed the current quarter. I can think of one time in the last 10 years.  And looking a couple of quarters out, we tried to bracket expectations for the balance so this year on the last call. Maybe that wasn’t the right thing to do, given the fact that there were a lot of fears about going into a recession and we’ve got a little [light] in our face here because of it. I think it softened a little bit more than we even anticipated on the December call.  But looking at the 90-day period, I’d say our confidence is very high and looking at a 91 to 180 day period, our confidence is good but we were just surprised. So we try to be a little bit more conservative in the guidance that we provide the further out we go, so the discounts will become heavier in the second through third and fourth quarter of any guidance we provide you. So progressive discounting depending on how far out we are going. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: And would you say that your discounting for the 91 to 180 days has gotten more conservative in the current environment?
Timothy L. Main: I think our mentality in preparing for this is to be a little bit more conservative -- yeah, to be more conservative, period. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then can you just -- I’m sorry, but can you just repeat what the operating margins were for each segment in 2Q?
Timothy L. Main: We don’t do it be sector, I don’t think. It’s by division. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Right, that’s what I mean. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Yeah, the EMS division was 3.2%, the consumer was minus 1%, and reflecting the seasonal nature of that revenue stream there, and the after market services was 7%. 
Sherri Scribner - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz with J.P. Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Good afternoon. A few questions here, I have a clarification first though; Tim, did you say or suggest that the air pocket has bottomed in your view? Or how should we think about how it’s continued into March and going into April?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, I mean, I made the comment that I think it’s -- we might be in a bottoming period right now and that we might see a nice bounce-back in late summer, early fall. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: And then as far as your earlier commentary regarding how things have somewhat changed in the industry in terms of how the end market, the dynamics are having maybe a little more impact on your business model versus prior years, has there been any change presently in terms of just the economics? I know maybe not so much for the current quarter but are you getting a little more negotiations and sales cycles with your customers in terms of the economics of your deals that could be a risk as you go into the summertime?
Timothy L. Main: That could be a risk -- I’m not -- could you help me with that a little bit?
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: I’m just trying to get a sense in terms of the economics of your deals with your customers. Are they starting to give you a little more squishiness in terms of how they are feeling about their overall businesses? Maybe they are asking for some sweeteners from you that could hurt your margins as you go further out into the year?
Timothy L. Main: No, the business doesn’t really work like that. If they get squishy about how firm their demand is, our offering a sweetener to them isn’t going to make it any better. We typically have -- actually, for most of our products that we build, we’re the sole source for that product so we’ll live and die based on how that product sells. And our business is actually pretty high mix, particularly obviously in the EMS sector, so it really isn’t a function of there’s less -- the pie is smaller, therefore everybody, all my suppliers need to bid even more aggressively for the next quarter’s production. That’s not really how the business works. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then as far as the sectors, can you talk a little more about the automotive in terms of what went on in the quarter reported and how are you thinking about that business going forward? It came in a little lighter than expected. 
Timothy L. Main: A little lighter than expected -- that’s a seasonally down quarter, one; two, we had a significant new program win that was delayed by about 45 days, in terms of ramping and we’ll see that ramp commence and gain some steam in our third fiscal quarter, in our May quarter, and that’s why we are guiding it to be up a bit. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: So you have pretty high confidence in terms of that deferral being captured now?
Timothy L. Main: 100% confidence in that revenue being captured. I mean, in terms of the automotive sector overall experiencing some additional decline in April or May, I mean, I don’t know. But the program that was launched, delayed launching in the February quarter is launching now and we are capturing that revenue. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then one last question for Forbes or for Tim -- just bigger picture, obviously we are sensitive to what’s going on in terms of the last quarter. The outlook wasn’t as good as maybe folks were looking for and now we’re here again, similar situation. Just kind of wondering why you don’t provide yourself a little more wiggle room in terms of the full-year guidance in terms of the revenue range. It seems pretty tight just given that the macro environment seems to be hurting your model right now. 
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I think in terms of the guidance we gave 90 days ago, we gave what we believed was a pretty regular range there, about $400 million, which typically in this business is certainly discounted with our experience moving out [in these quarters]. I think we are in certainly in a recessionary environment today, which is certainly stronger than we anticipated 90 days ago. We weren’t seeing these types of indications, or we had a very strong November quarter and we are having those indications from our customers. So certainly, you know, look in the rearview mirror -- you know, it would certainly [bode as well] to widen that gap but given the information and planning process that we have at the time, we felt it was appropriate.  Obviously a 7% reduction in the latter six months is pretty extraordinary in this business. I think the last time we saw anything of that nature was seven years ago now. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: But at this point you -- not to put words in your mouth, but why not just go $12.3 billion to $13 billion revenue range? Why still have such a tight range?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, and then the next caller would say why is your range so wide, you know -- Q3 is here, you’ve got to know what Q3 is and then that means that the disparity in Q4 is $800 million or something and therefore you must be fearful you are going to lose a major customer.  And look, we just -- we’re looking at the numbers. We are trying to be more conservative. We are only guiding now for two quarters instead of three. We’ve already taken a big step down in this demand pocket, air pocket. If things degrade a little bit but not a great deal from here, we’ll be fine. If they degrade a huge amount from here, then hopefully we’ll still be within the range but things will be certainly at the bottom.  We are trying to give you a realistic look at what our business looks like. 
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison of Longbow Research.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: A quick clarification just on the inventory correction -- do you think it will be completed on the communications and display side by the end of the third quarter, or will that trickle somewhat into the fourth quarter?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I would certainly hope we’ll get a majority of that done in the fiscal third quarter. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: How much inventory are we talking about in terms of dollars associated with that type of reduction quarter to quarter?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Probably somewhere in the nature of about $50 million to $75 million, somewhere in that nature. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, and then just a second follow-up question -- I think, Tim, you had mentioned that the outsourcing environment may have just been stopped up here a little bit. I wanted to make sure I was clear on that. And how long do you think before maybe that situation clears itself up and additional opportunities present themselves?
Timothy L. Main: Well, we’re working on new opportunities all the time. I didn’t mean to say or infer that outsourcing is mucked up right now. I think what my comments -- where you are maybe drawing that inference was about what the behavior of the marketplace is during a recession and then more importantly, right after a recession, as OEMs take a much closer look at their internal factories and see that the justification of maintaining vertical capacity is a poor investment choice relative to outsourcing and they actually embark on more aggressive outsourcing programs.  My experience is that when OEMs go through a recession like this, it becomes much more difficult for them to justify long-term investments in manufacturing capacity when people like Jabil can do it faster, better, cheaper.  So when we start to see the end market recovery at the tail end of a recession and early in the recovery, we have the impetus of end market demand, all of the business we currently have in the new customers and we typically get some tail wind out of new outsourcing opportunities. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay, so the quoting opportunities haven’t taken a step back, similar to what the -- 
Timothy L. Main: No, actually we’re pretty busy right now working on all kinds of quotes in new business. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva of Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you very much. Tim, can you comment a little bit about a lot of people believe the EMS model is very flexible. When we see an air pocket like this, you can maintain your profitability and yet we are seeing May year-over-year revenues being up, but profitability being down. How should we think about that?
Timothy L. Main: I don’t think that -- at least people that I’ve spoken with thing that when revenue goes down that you are able to maintain profitability or margins. I think our business is less -- you know, people have a tendency to think about us as a semiconductor company. If business goes down, you are going to lose money because it’s a very high fixed cost business, and that’s not true because it’s more working capital intensive than it is fixed cost intensive. And therefore, we can maintain profitability and actually generate significant cash flow during the contraction as we reduce our working capital requirements.  And I think in fact that’s what you’ll see as we go through the next quarter or two. But in terms of margins and return on capital, that’s going to be a little bit more difficult. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: No, I guess I was referring to year over year -- sales are up year over year for May, profits are down, and you are in the middle of coming out of a restructuring. How can we connect those dots of coming out of restructuring, adding NSM, which should be accretive, sales being up but profits being down year over year?
Timothy L. Main: Yeah, we’ve added a lot of new business over the last year and we were really structuring the business to run at by this time about $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion a quarter in terms of revenue, and losing $300 million in revenue does create some margin issues for us and some fixed costs that aren’t being absorbed. So having said that, we’re very confident that once we get back to that $3.4 billion per quarter level or more, we’ll be -- margins will recover, snap back and cash flow will snap back smartly. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay, that answers my question. As a quick follow-up, can you tell me what Jabil's capacity utilization was this quarter and what you expect it to be? And in the slowing environment, would it be fair to think that competition in pricing is going to increase in this environment?
Timothy L. Main: It depends how long the environment goes on. I don’t think it’s appropriate to think about that in terms of the next quarter or two. Capacity utilization, we’re significantly lower than we were a couple of quarters ago in Q1. It’s not a metric that we track real close that we share with investors. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Do you see any change in competitive landscape as far as pricing or do you think it’s stable or what’s your thoughts there?
Timothy L. Main: I think it’s relatively stable. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yuri Krapivin of Lehman Brothers.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you about the cost savings from your current restructuring program. I believe initially you targeted the savings range of between $100 million and $125 million. And Tim, you mentioned that in the August quarter, you’d expect to see some incremental savings of around $10 million. I’m just wondering, when do you guys expect to hit the full run-rate for these savings? And whether the original range of $100 million to $125 million is still a good range to use.
Forbes I.J. Alexander: I don’t recall a range of savings of $100 million to $125 million, but having said that, we anticipate some improvement from our restructuring activity in Q3. We’ve actually been seeing some of that if you look at our SG&A line as we moved through the last quarter or two also.  Tim talked about $10 million in Q4 and then what you are going to see in the first fiscal quarter of ’09, and what I draw your attention to is follow the cash. Once we accrue these restructuring charges, it’s when that cash is paid that we are actually closing facilities or downsizing facilities and unfortunately employees leaving the corporation. So we are anticipating to see much more of that in our first fiscal quarter and as we move into our second fiscal quarter of ’09, where we anticipate about $50 million of cash coming out of the company as employees leave, which will equate to probably around about another $10 million to $15 million there. 
Timothy L. Main: I think what we’ve said consistently since we started the rationalization program quite a while ago is that we would expect it to save us about 30 or 40 basis points. And in terms of absolute dollars, we talked about absolute dollars or cost avoidance because we didn’t have production to fill factories in certain high cost locations. So if you look at 30 to 40 basis points of benefit on a $13 billion run-rate, you’re looking at $47 million a year, $45 million a year, something like that. So if we are saving $10 million in Q4 of ’08, that’s reasonable to think that we are getting the contribution we were looking for there.  You know, a lot of things change over a two-year period, so I’m not going to say it’s as neat and tidy as that but it does nearly put with what we’ve been saying. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then I have another question about your costs. I think recently a number of companies, in particular electronic component manufacturers, pointed to yet another wave of cost increases related to things such as utilities and transportation. In Mexico, for example, currently the utility costs are going up quite rapidly. Are you seeing that kind of broad-based cost increases? If so, what’s your ability to recover those costs by charging your customers a higher price, essentially?
Timothy L. Main: Logistics costs have gone up, as fuel prices have increased. Our customers pay freight out and our freight in is incorporated into our bill of material and cost structure. If we get caught with an increase mid-quarter, we have to absorb that in our margins but typically the bill of material is reset on a quarterly basis, so we would try to include that in the next quarter’s pricing.  On the energy costs, frankly I have to admit that I’m not -- I haven’t heard a lot of crazy talk there. We’re not a huge energy user. It’s not a big line item in our cost of goods sold, so frankly I’m just not tracking that personally. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. 
Beth A. Walters: Operator, we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Paras Bhargava of BMO Capital Markets.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: Tim, at an investor conference, I think it might have been the Goldman conference a few weeks ago, I think I heard you say you’ve been seeing a slowdown for 180 days or so, and I think now you are saying 90 days, and particularly in February. Maybe you could just help put all these dates together for us. 
Timothy L. Main: What I said is on consecutive 90-day planning cycles, we’ve seen 3% to 5% reductions in the forward-looking plan. We plan our business a couple of times a quarter but we do one very, very deep dive each quarter. And in those deep dives and consecutive 90-day periods, we’ve seen demand fall by 3% to 5%. That’s what I said. 
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: So really this is a slowdown that’s been going on for six months or so?
Timothy L. Main: No, we talked actually in our December call about the parts of our business -- just to go back and give you perspective, in the first quarter that we actually hit 3.6% operating margin, had a great quarter, we talked about the EMS division being about $50 million light to their original plan due to industrial control customers that were facing the U.S. housing industry, so if you want to start -- call that the beginning point, that would be the beginning point.  Our fiscal Q2 was a little bit lighter than what we thought at the beginning of the year and that’s gotten quite a bit deeper in the February timeframe since that December conference call. So you are probably referring to -- I don’t know, the Goldman Sachs conference that was in February and at that point in time, we had -- I said that things had weakened quite a bit in the last planning period, so I think that all kind of fits with what we’ve been saying -- 
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: Got it. Okay, and -- now last quarter, I think I remember you saying you had $400 million [new] business that’s going to come in the second half of this year and you actually broke some of it down by segment. Are you actually seeing that business come through or is some of that softening too?
Timothy L. Main: All the new business we talked about is coming through. It is going to be a little bit lighter than our original plan, just as everything else is a little bit lighter -- you know, to talk in general terms. 
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: Sure, no, absolutely -- 
Timothy L. Main: To go through each individual program individually, I don’t know how productive that would be but in general terms, yes, when you win new business and if you hit a demand air pocket, that’s going to be a little bit lighter than what the original intent was. 
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: And some of the business that you’ve won, if people come back, some of the other people that were bidding on it come back with lower prices -- is that sort of materializing here too or is that not happening?
Timothy L. Main: No, typically when you win, you win and it’s a done deal. It can get a little dicey in some of the higher commoditized businesses but for 90% of our business, once you’ve won it, it’s won. 
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Final question for you, Forbes; SG&A, I think I seem to remember you saying it was going to be down a little bit this quarter and then keep on going down. Maybe you can just give us a little color what’s going on and what do you expect in the next few quarters for SG&A on a dollar as opposed to a percentage of revenue?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: Absolutely. So last quarter, I actually guided up to about $115 million. We came in about 110, and that guidance up was principally around bringing on resources associated with the NSM transaction that we closed towards the end of the first quarter. What we’ve actually seen there is some good cost control there. We obviously got some restructuring dollars activity in terms of coming through there also.  For the balance of the fiscal year, I’m guiding to about $113 million to $114 million a quarter. Again, we got some incremental staffing we’re getting in our IT area as we build out footprints in India, Ukraine, and China but otherwise, I would expect that to be relatively consistent for the balance of the fiscal year. 
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: And then next year? Same sort of numbers or will it start to ramp up?
Forbes I.J. Alexander: No, it may go up a little bit. You’ve got salary increases and such like working through there but it shouldn’t be dramatic. And once we get revenues back in place, we should be able to very much leverage that. I still have a strong belief system that SG&A can be a 3% type number, or sub 3% when we can pull this revenue back on the top line here. 
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. 
Beth A. Walters: Thank you, everyone for joining us on the call today. We’d like to mention that management will be interviewed tomorrow on CNBC’s squawk box at 6:50 and on the Fox News Station at 7:10. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-12-20 04:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - VP of Communicationsand IR Forbes Alexander - CFO Tim Main - President and CEO
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Louis Miscioscia - Cowen Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearms Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair& Co Alex Blanton - Ingalls &Snyder Jim Suva - Citigroup Rashedul Din - CreditSightsIncorporated
Operator: At this time, I would like towelcome everyone to the Jabil first quarter fiscal year conference call.(Operator Instructions) Thank you. Ms. Walters, you maybegin your conference.
Beth Walters:  Thank you. Welcome to our firstquarter of fiscal year 2008 conference call. Joining me on the call today arePresident and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Main; and our Chief FinancialOfficer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded andwill be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the Investors section,along with today's press release and the slideshow presentation on our firstquarter results. You can follow our presentation with the slides that areposted on the website and begin with slide 1 now, our forward-lookingstatement. During this conference call, wewill be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding theanticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected second quarter offiscal year 2008 and full year fiscal year 2008 net revenue and earningsresults, our long-term outlook for our company, and improvements in ouroperational efficiency and in our financial performance. These statements are based oncurrent expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks anduncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differmaterially. An extensive list of these risks and uncertainties are identifiedin our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2007and on subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings.Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise anyforward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, futureevents or otherwise. Please turn to slides 2 and 3,the results for our first fiscal quarter of 2008. On revenues of $3.4 billion,GAAP operating income increased to $98.9 million. This compares to $61.1million GAAP operating income on revenues of $3.2 billion for the same periodin the prior year. Core operating income, excludingamortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, and restructuringcharges for the quarter, was $122 million, or 3.6% of revenue, as compared to$85 million, or 2.6% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings perdiluted share were $0.36. On a year-over-year basis, thisrepresents a 4% growth in revenue, and a 44% increase in core operatingprofits. On a sequential basis, revenues increased 8%, while core operatingincome increased 18%. Please turn to slide 4 for adiscussion of our revenue by division and sector for the first fiscal quarter.In the EMS division, our revenues representedapproximately 59%, or $2 billion. Sequential sector movements areas follows: production levels in the automotive sector were consistent with theprior quarter; computing and storage sector increased 8% from the fourthquarter; industrial, instrumentation and medical sector declined 8% from theprior quarter, reflecting the decline in product revenues associated with thehousing and new construction. The networking sector levels of productiondecreased 3% from the previous quarter, as a result of lower production levelsfor the European customers in this sector. Telecommunications sector increased15% sequentially, as a result of one month's revenue from the recentlyannounced Nokia Siemens Networks relationship. Looking at our consumer division,it represented approximately 36%, or $1.2 billion, in the first fiscal quarter.And the sequential sector movements are as follows: mobility and displayproducts sector increased 36% from the prior quarter, reflecting strongseasonal growth in each sector across both displays and mobile products. The peripherals sector increasedby 12% over the fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting seasonal growth in thissector from printers and home entertainment products. The aftermarket servicesdivision represented approximately 5% of overall company revenue in the firstfiscal quarter, and saw revenues increased 4% sequentially. Please turn now to slide 5. Ourdivisional and sector information for the quarter in percentage terms is asfollow: automotive 4%; computing and storage 11%; industrial, instrumentationand medical 17% of revenue; networking 20%,;telecom 5% and other 2%, for atotal of 59%. In the consumer division, 25% for mobility and display; 11% forthe peripherals division in fiscal Q1, for 36% overall; and finally, in theaftermarket Services, 5%. In our fiscal first quarter,three customers accounted for more than 10% of revenue: Cisco, Hewlett-Packard,and Philips. Our top 10 customers in the quarter accounted for approximately64% of our revenue. Selling, general andadministrative expenses declined $5million in the quarter, reflecting thebenefits of previously announced restructuring plans and approximately $1.6million less in legal, and accounting fees associated with the recent review. Research and development costswere $6.5 million in the quarter, or approximately $3 million less than thefourth fiscal quarter, reflecting an increased level of consumer-funded designprojects than in our previous quarter, along with some of the repositioning ofdesign repurchase to lower cost regions. Stock-based compensation expensein the quarter was $5 million. This expense is lower than estimated due to thereversal of stock-based compensation expense previously incurred as a result ofperformance-based restricted stock grants that is now no longer expected tovest. A tax rate in the quarter was21%, reflecting higher levels of income and higher tax jurisdictions in thequarter. And finally, our divisionaloperating performance. We do plan to provide divisional core operatingperformance on an ongoing basis as we are now organized in this manner. In thefirst fiscal quarter, core operating income for the EMSdivision was approximately 3%. The consumer division, as a result of theseasonal nature of this division, was approximately 4% ,and the aftermarketservices division was approximately 7%. I will now turn the call over toForbes Alexander.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. I'll ask you toturn to slide six, seven, and eight for our review of balance sheet and someratios. The company's sales cycle in the quarter expanded by 3 days to 22 days.Days sales outstanding expanded by 4 days, reflecting the seasonal consumerrevenue stream, while accounts payable days outstanding improved by one day, ascompared to the prior quarter. Inventory days, with the prior quarter, were 8turns. Cash flow from operations wasapproximately $143 million in the first fiscal quarter, an increase ofapproximately $400 million over the same period in the previous fiscal year.Our return on invested capital improved to 13%, as compared to 11% in theprevious quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $664 million, consistent withbalances at the end of the last quarter. Our capital expenditures duringthe quarter were approximately $62 million, including approximately $30 millionrelated to our building expansions in China,India and Poland. Depreciation for thequarter, approximately $57 million, and EBITDA in the quarter was approximately$180 million. At the end of the first fiscalquarter, $400 million remained outstanding on the bridge facility entered intoon the 20 December, 2006, to fund the Taiwan Green Point acquisition. Thisfacility was paid down fully, to date, through a 180 days, $200 millionrevolving credit facility. We intend to replace the $400 million impairmentlonger term capital some time in the new calendar year. We are extremely pleased with thecontinued progress we have made in the quarter, 30 basis points of continuingimprovement in our core operating income margin, positive cash flow fromoperations, while growing revenues 8% sequentially, and continued improvementin our returns on invested capital to above our weighted average cost of capital. It's particularly pleasing tonote cash flows from operations remained strong in the quarter, $143 million,over the last nine-months we have generated approximately $580 million fromoperations or approximately $300 million after capital expenditures anddividend payments over the same period. On a year-over-year basis wecontinue to maintain efficient control over invested capital while growingrevenues and our operating earnings. Our business model continues todemonstrate that on an annualized basis returns on invested capital in excessof our weighted average cost of capital and strong operating and free cashflows are sustainable. Now, I'd like to very brieflycover on our restructuring activity. We continue to monitor our overallrationalization funds according to our previously announced plan. During the first quarter, werecorded charges of approximately $9 million. Total charges recorded to-dateagainst our overall plans were approximately $200 million. We continue toexpect our total restructuring charges to be at the high end in $200 million,$250 million range that was previously discussed. During the quarter, cash paymentsassociated with the restructuring activities were approximately $20 million.Total cash payments to date against the plan are approximately $95 million. Thecash cost of such charges for this plan remained an estimate in the range of$150 million to $200 million. Discussions with our employeesand their representatives continue, and we're complying with all statutory andconsultation periods required of us. As a result, we currently estimate thecash payments totaling approximately $45 million will occur in the balance ofthis fiscal year. Majority of this will start in fourth fiscal quarter and $25million in the first fiscal quarter of 2009. We would expect to see thebenefits from such actions in our fourth fiscal quarter of 2008, and firstquarter of fiscal 2009. Turning briefly to the NokiaSiemens Networks agreement. On November 1st, we entered into an agreement tolease two manufacturing facilities in Italy from Nokia Siemens Networks,and to produce GSM and the Radio Access products, microwave devices for wireline,and wireless networks. We would like to take this opportunity to welcomeapproximately 600 new colleagues to Jabil as a result of this agreement. I'd now ask you please to turn toslide 9. I'd like to give you a business update specifically, help you withguidance for the second quarter of fiscal '08. We estimate revenue in oursecond fiscal quarter of 2008 to decline $250 million-$350 million, in a rangeof $3 billion-$3.1 billion, reflecting the typical seasonal decline in consumerproducts. As a result, core earnings per share were expected to be in the rangeof $0.16-$0.20. Core operating income is expectedto decline through revenue decline, consistent with historical seasonalpattern. Specifically, this year, and in each of the last two fiscal years,every dollar of revenue decline from the first fiscal quarter to the secondcarries with it approximately $0.18 of income decline. As a percentage ofrevenue, we estimate core operating margins to be in the 2.2%- 2.4% range. Selling, general andadministration expenses are estimated to be $116 million, reflecting theaddition of Nokia Siemens Networks relationship. Research and development costsare expected to be approximately $7 million in the fiscal quarter. Intangibles amortization isexpected to be approximately $9 million. Stock-based compensation is estimatedto be approximately $14 million in the second quarter; and interest expense isestimated to be $25 million. Based upon the current estimate of production andincome levels, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 16% forthe second quarter, and the 18% for the full fiscal year. Capital expenditures in thesecond fiscal quarter are estimated to be in the range of $60 million-$80million, dependent upon the timing of the completion of our building expansionswhich are underway. Capital expenditures for the full fiscal year remain in anestimated range of $250 million-$300 million. I'd now ask you please to turn toslide 10, where we will discuss revenue by division and sector for the upcomingquarter. The EMS division is estimated toincrease by approximately 2% from the first fiscal quarter. Sector breakdown isas follows: the automotive sector is expected to be consistent with the firstquarter, slighting the seasonal declines offset by ramping volumes with the newcustomers. The computing and storage sectoris estimated to be consistent with the first quarter. Industrial,instrumentation and medical sector is estimated to decline by 3% from theprevious quarter. The networking sector [state] level of production to increaseby 3% from the first quarter, and the telecom sector is estimated to increaseby approximately 25%, as a result of the new relationship with Nokia SiemensNetworks. Turning to the consumer division,it is estimated to decrease by 30% in the second fiscal quarter. The sectorbreakdown is as follows. Mobility and displays sector is expected to decreaseby 35% in the quarter. The peripherals sector is estimated to decrease by 15%in the second fiscal quarter; both sectors reflecting the seasonal nature ofthese products. And finally, the aftermarket services division is expected tobe consistent with that of the first fiscal quarter. With this guidance, overallcompany revenues for the first half of fiscal 2008 are estimated to beapproximately $6.4 billion with core operating income of approximately $190 million,or 3% of revenues. This represents growth in revenue of 4% for the first halfof fiscal 2007, and core operating income dollar growth of 37%. Please turn to slide 11. Withregards in second half of our fiscal year, we're extremely well-positioned tosee continued growth in revenue and core operating income for the first half ofthis fiscal year and over the same period for fiscal 2007. We'll alwayscontinue to positive cash flows from operations and increasing returns oninvested cap. From a divisional perspective,for the midpoints of the overall company guidance range, we estimate the secondhalf of this fiscal year revenues in the EMS division to approximately $4.45billion; in consumer division approximately $2 billion; and the aftermarketservices division approximately $0.35 billion. Core operating incomeexpectations were estimated to be 4% or above for the EMSdivision, approximately 2.5% for the consumer division, and approximately 7%for the aftermarket services division. Our current estimate for the fullfiscal year is revenue in the range of $13.4 billion, with core operatingincome expected to be in the range of $400 million-$480 million, or 3.1%-3.6%of revenue for the full year. This guidance reflects the year-over-year growthin revenues of 8% and core operating income of $110 million, or 33%, EBITDA ofapproximately $670 million, a growth of 23% on a year-over-year basis. Finally, cash flow fromoperations are estimated to be in excess of $600 million for full year,providing approximately $260 million of free cash flow after capitalexpenditures and dividend payments. And now I'd like to hand the callover to Tim Main.
Tim Main: Thank you, Forbes. Q1 was apretty good quarter all around. It was great to see operating margins coming atthe high end of the range, but I was especially gratified by the strong cashflow from operations performance. In last year's first quarter, weconsumed $252 million of cash, but this year we produced $143 million. Thisallowed us to pay for good deal of NSN, cover our CapEx fees and still havesome free cash flow for the quarter. It was also good to get ROIC backin the teens and in a position from which we can really drive furtherimprovement. This is our third consecutive quarter of improvement on thecritical financial metrics we're driving namely margin expansion, cash flowgeneration, and increasing return on invested capital. As expected, we will take a stepback in margins and ROIC in fiscal Q2. However, we will generate very strongcash flow from operations, as our working capital needs contract a bit. Second half of the year, weexpect to resume margin expansion, cash flow generation, and increasing returnon invested capital. Our consumer division performedwell during the quarter. Revenues in mobility and displays were particularlystrong. Global demand was very good, but US demand has been weaker thanother areas of the world. We are fortunate to have improveddiversity in this sector and we will continue to focus on diversity in coming quarters.The second quarter may be a bit deeper V-shaped than what we would like, but itis not a great deal more than its previous years on a circular basis. The division is expected toperform for the year consistent with our previous indications that is on ayear-over-year basis down in the first half and the stabilization, and thengrowth over the second half of the year. The EMSdivision performed close to plans. Although the housing led slowdown in USeconomy did have some impact. Keep in mind that our industrial, instrumentationand medical sector now encompasses white goods and residential and industrialcontrol customers that are absorbed from demand reductions. Overall, revenue for the divisionwas about $70 million less than expected after considering that NSN transactioncontributed $27 million in the quarter. With the additional $70 million inrevenue we would have hit a 4% operating margin for the company for the thirdquarter. For division we expect modestgrowth in fiscal Q2 and expect growth for the full year to be in the low tomid-teens and that's being the EMS division.Our aftermarket services division performed well and we expect this goodperformance to continue for the balance of the year. The company is in a very goodposition to expand margins, generate cash flow and increase return on investedcapital, particularly as revenue gained steam in the second half of the year.As the midpoint of guidance we expect EBITDA margin of over 5%, close to $700million for the year. With CapEx requirements of about $300 million, we expectto have a highest free cash flow year in our history With that we can take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Yourfirst question is from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Guys just looking at mix:what is the guidance? Margin seems to be down about 130 basis points. Thatseems to be a lot softer than what we have seen for last few quarters and thethird quarter. I am wondering: is there something else beyond the consumersoftness that may be impacting that? May be: simply a higher margin businessseeing a bit of softness? Could you talk about that?
Tim Main: It's actually what Forbes saidduring the prepared remarks in terms of the dollar decline and the margindecline very consistent with previous years. So, we are not seeing that beingout of line. At $318 million decline inrevenue, it creates that lower operating margin dollars, and that's reallyactually little bit less than it was in fiscal '07. And the same amount ofincome declined for dollar revenue in FY '06. So that's actually prettyconsistent. We also said we did have somesoftness in our UShousing-basing industries. And industrial controls, white goods: that kind ofstuff, is in our industrial instrumentation and medical segment that wasforecasted to be up 8% for the quarter. And it's actually consistent or down alittle bit. So we've lost [awesome] revenuethere. So, call it about $70 million of better margin business in theinstrumentation, industrial and medical control segment. Those had somewhat ofa negative impact on margin.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: How much of your total revenuedid you assign to the US Housing?
Tim Main: Sorry.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: I am sorry. How much of yourtotal revenue base do you estimate is assigned to sort of the US housing market?
Tim Main: We don't have any number likethat at all. The industrial, instrumentation and medical segments are prettybig segments. But we did talk about the EMSdivision in Q1 being about $70 million less than expectation. So, if you wantedto look at that impact, that would be about the level of the impact.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then just finally,I mean: unless you guys provided some full year revenue and EPS guidance. Maybe could you just talk about: what makes you to provide this guidance this timearound when you guys actually refrained from giving it at the start of theyear?
Tim Main: Right, because at the start ofthe year, we were entering a period of economic uncertainty, and the sub-primestuff was gaining some steam. And we were very reticent to provide full yearguidance at that time, because we felt it would be wiser to wait until some ofthat could be embedded into our customer schedules and our forward-lookingexpectations. At this point, we think we haveabsorbed what needs to be absorbed in order for our investors to get a betterappreciation for how the year looks to us at this point. Given what's occurredover the last quarter, we think it would be much more helpful for you to have arational reasonable outlook on what the full year looks like for JBL at thispoint and that simply has to go off of the Q1, Q2 experience. If you look at the year, in theback half of the year, we are looking at three significant revenue growth inthe second half of the year over the first half of the year and reallyoutstanding operating margin performance in the second half of the year aswell. So, the full year actually looks pretty good. Q2 certainly acknowledged thatthe numbers from a margin standpoint are below where analysts had them. Thatwas a little bit of adjustment we hadn’t provided in guidance to analysts, butthe full year looks pretty good.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from theline of Louis Miscioscia with Cowen.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen: Hi, great. You guys have givenoperating margins by different sector. Could you only just give the roundnumber? Could you actually go into at least another decimal point and thenmaybe something that might be helpful to us in understanding the Februaryquarter operating margin guidance? Could you maybe give us some thoughts as towhere on a quarter-to-quarter basis the three different groups are going?
Forbes Alexander: So, Louis, in terms of the actualQ1, the guidance we gave, those numbers are very approximate, and they'repretty much dead on, round numbers, that we are seeing here across thesedivisions. With regards to the second fiscalquarter, if we deal with the consumer division first, clearly our first fiscalquarter is seasonally led, if you will, in terms of revenues. Hence, you areseeing not 4% in terms of cooperating income margin. With the guidance we've givenacross the various sectors in terms of revenue, doing that math, you see thatrevenue falls somewhere north of the $300 million across that sector, again,purely from a seasonal demand perspective. And what happens there is thatmargin profile then falls pretty dramatically in terms of the consumer businessto a sub-1% percent type number. Now, as you look at it on anoverall basis, and we have given you some guidance there in the back half ofthe year to try and help you through this is you will expect in the consumerdivision as we see the sequential growth come back from the lows of Q2, Q3, Q4an overall 2.5% for the fiscal year. In terms of the EMSdivision, 3% in the first fiscal quarter, and we expect that to drive towards4% in the back half of the year. So we should see steady increments in that aswe move through the fiscal year in that regard. And, with the aftermarketservices division, they have got a relatively consistent margin profileroundabout that 7%.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen: Okay, great. Maybe on theconsumer side, Tim, you gave us some update. At the Analyst Meeting you hadtalked about we're improving the relationship with Nokia. Can you give us,maybe, an update there how things look for qualifying and winning new programswith them and/or some other big cell phone customers, I guess, coming intowards the tail end of the year?
Tim Main: Yeah. I can't speak specificallyto Nokia. We just now discussed direct customer relationships, but the progressin the mobility area has actually been pretty good. We have, I think, four ofthe top five device manufacturers in the world as customers. We're getting verygood penetration in the visual mechanics area as well as Jabil's core business. So, in terms of performing theplan and what we've communicated previously, that's really right on track. Weexpected that that business, on a year-over-year basis, to be down in the firsthalf. It will be down in the first half, although we're making more money inthis segment than we did in the first half of '07. And then, in the secondhalf, we're stabilizing really in Q3, and then seeing significant growth againin Q4 of '08. So that looks on track, Lou.Very, very good progress across all the customers there, pretty good diversity,and we're pretty excited about it.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen: And when you said: four of thetop five. Were they TaiwanGreen Point or they are moving into then the EMSside of the business too?
Tim Main: Its rolling company now and thatkind of distinguish between the two. But you can be assured we're working on anend-to-end solution for all of the customers.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Main: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from theline of Kevin Kessel with Bear Stearns.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Thank you very much. Hi, guys. Ijust wanted to actually go back at this margin question that was asked earlier.When I look at your midpoint of your guidance, and then I look at your SG&Aguidance, essentially, what I see is that gross margin on a percentage basiswill be down about close to 20% or 19%, and in terms of basis points, a littleover 135. Then I look back over the same timeframe over the last five years sinceyou've acquired Philips and your consumer exposure has been growing, andreally, on average, it's only been about 1.5% gross margin decline fromNovember to February, in a basis points-wise, gross margins have only reallydeclined about 11 basis points on average. So I'm just trying to understand:where, maybe, the disconnect is? The SG&A is right at around $122 million.And I guess that would imply that the degradation is happening at the grossmargin level. So maybe: it's something within the mix? Or, you know, I'm notsure.
Forbes Alexander: Kind of tough road to followthat: In the last five years, '04, '05, '06, '07, '08, the operating incomedecline as a percent of revenue starting in '04 has been 14%, 11%, 18%, 18%,and then this year 16%. So: very, very consistent with previous seasonalpatterns. What happened in some of thoseyears, '04, '05 and even '06, to a great degree is we were adding a lot ofmarket share with customers and there was a lot of organic growth. And so, eventhough, program-by-program, it was a seasonal decline, we were covering thatwith new program wins and new customer wins and that kind of thing. So theactual dollar decline wasn't really as much. So we're not doing that thisyear. Again, on a year-over-year-year basis it's going to be the first half ofthe year will be down in consumer. But, in terms of the core operating declineas a percentage of revenue right on exactly with what it's been in previousyears, so very consistent pattern.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Right, yeah. I actually didn'tanalyze on the operating line. I was looking more at the gross line, because Ifigured once we knew what SG&A was, then we could kind of look at just howthe gross margin trends have changed.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. I'm looking at operatingincome, and I'm not sure if gross margins or SG&A plays heavily in that ornot.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay. I'm not sure. Maybe talkabout it offline. And then the other question, I guess, is just in general onthe SG&A line as we go forward. I'm assuming that the legal fees at thispoint are pretty much done as we go into the next quarter, into the Februaryquarter….
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. In that guidance there ismaybe $500,000 to $1 million. We still have some ongoing legal activity interms of cost processes and such like, but it's certainly not material in anyway, Kevin.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay. So then, Forbes, I mean,obviously, the store restructuring that have to happen and there are still cashpayments that will occur at some point in the second half of the year and innext year. I think there was a 115 that you quoted for an expectation,including Nokia Siemens.
Forbes Alexander: Right.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Would you expect that to thenstart to go down, I guess, in May and August as some of that restructuringoccurs and some of the headcounts comes off the book?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. I think there is someopportunity in fiscal Q4 more so than Q3. Any activity in Q3 is likely to bemaybe one month of batch for there. It's really more of a Q4 event. So, we'reselling some opportunities, Kevin, and maybe a million or two come out there.We just have to see how the discussions continue with the various employees'representatives.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then, just lastly onR&D. I think Beth had said that the reason it was down, because almost thethird as a percentage was excess of more, was it customers paying for thedesign activity or…
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, but some of that and somedeploying some of our resource. We will be ramping up some of our designresource and in Shanghai, in particular forexample where cost trend typically lower than we have seen here in the U.S. or Western Europe.So, some element of that and some element of collaborative type design where nocustomers with ourselves are working conjunction on product platforms andfunding those jointly rather than that being a straight funding by Jabil. Thatwas down about what $2.5 million to $3 million.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Great, thank you.
Forbes Alexander: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from theline of Jeff Walkenhorst with Banc of America.
Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America: Great, thank you so much. Forbes,well, actually may be both of you guys, Tim, when you look at your varioussegments and over the past year: can you give us an idea of kind of what as youthink about managing a portfolio of revenue stream, gunning for that 4%operating margin? And I am sure some of them are above that and othersobviously below that: Are there any areas that are substantially lower than sayyear ago, because of market competition?
Tim Main: No actually in terms ofyear-over-year, all of the segments are a little bit better and so in Q1 of '07EMS division was about 2.3%, this past quarterQ1'08 it was 3. Previous year in consumer was about 2.5% operating margin thispast quarter Q1'08 it was 4. And the EMSdivision was pretty consistent. So, what was in talking about andwhat is actually seen since our February '07 quarter when core operating marginwas 1.9%. You've seen very significant improvements in our margin structurefrom 1.9% to 2.9% in Q3, to 3.3% in Q4 to 3.6% in Q1. And everybody should haveexpected that declining consumer would be a setback, but looking our guidancefor the second half of '08, we were talking about $6.8 billion in revenue,about $4.4 billion in EMS and expect the core operating margin EMS as $4billion, $2 billion in the consumer segment, we expect the core operatingmargin about $2.5 billion and the EMS division of $350 million with consistentcore operating margins. So, that blends out in the second half of roughly 2.6%,2.7% in terms of core operating margins. And, really, looking at this pastquarter again, another $50 million, $60 million of this housing slump revenue,we would have hit 4% this quarter. So, I think, it's really clear now that thecompany has a 4% operating margin potential on expectation. I think that's anear-term expectation than a long-term expectation and the performance in Q1 isvery, very clearly pushed us in within a hair's breadth of that level. And you look at Q3 and Q4 theback half of the year; we are looking for about $400 million of revenue growthfrom the first half of '08 to the second half of '08. That's only $400 million.We expect that to come about $75 million to $100 million in Nokia SiemensNetworks, about $40 million from automotive business and about 100 million fromnew customer wins and a modest recovery in the Industrial Instrumentation Medicalsegment, about $50 million from defense and aerospace and about $80 million outof our networking group. So, very, very identifiable wherethat's going to come from and that $400 million of additional revenue alongwith the benefits of the rationalization program that we have had under wayfeels very clear to watch the high 3%, 4% operating margin range is achievablein the back half of the year. That most encouraging thing for me in running thebusiness or margin expansion, but also a cash flow generation return oninvestment capital is given the additional size we have and with rapidlyimproving margins we are going to generate very significant levels of cashflows from operations and free cash flow. Looking at the midpoint of theguidance, looking at cash flow from operations of $600 million EBITDA, $680million, $700 million CapEx requirements of $300 million, we are going to throwoff a lot of cash and that's more of a business [force]. So, I think, not withstanding maybe some of the angst about Q2, I think really step back and looked at it it'svery consistent with history and very understandable and looking at thecontinued rapid recovery of margins, free cash flow and return on investmentcapital. Even in this kind of murky, spooky economic environment it's reallykind of good annual plan.
Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America: Okay that's helpful color Tim.And then just a follow up, so the competitive environment hasn't crashedmargins and some of these different segments, say in the service segment: ithasn't deteriorated materially or it’s flat? Or: may be even higher given yourdifferent mix from a year ago? Or: how can we get more color on that?
Tim Main: We are providing you operatingmargin by division not by sector and we will stay with that policy. In somesectors that we talk, generally are higher margin than others. The industrialinstrumentation/medical segment tends to be very complex, very high mix. So,the margins there are generally better accretive to the overall corporate averages.However, it takes more infrastructure to run that business. And therefore thereturn on invested capital is consistent with the other segments. Computing and storage, there aresome high lying programs there, where the operating margins might be little bitlower. But there are also some very complex areas where margins might be littlebit higher. We are not noting, we are making great progress, particularly inthe storage area, particularly enterprise storage area. And our margins arefine. We are not seeing any crazy competitor activity there. It’s a greatsegment. It's been growing for us. And we expect that to be, to that experienceto continue.
Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America: Okay. Thanks so much, guys. Goodluck with everything.
Tim Main: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from theline of Jeff Rosenberg with William Blair & Co.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co: Good afternoon. I first wanted toask you: if you could maybe give a little bit further color on the volatilitythis year in mobility and display area? It was well above your plan for thisquarter. And so maybe a little bit of color there, if you can, on: where thatcame from? And: whether it was handsets or displays? And then also if you lookat after this quarter's decline, you will be about 10% I think below where youstarted in Q4. And I think that’s a little more of a down stroke than younormally see. So, if there is some color there as to in terms of: what you areseeing? In terms of sell through, anything at this point that’s causing thatlevel of volatility?
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. I don’t think there is anyhuge volatility there. I think we've forecasted this, that sector to be up 25%and it was up 36% or something like that. The mobility products and displayproducts were very strong and actually maybe little stronger if some componentshortages had not transpired. So, that’s pretty good, I think people have beingconservative about the second quarter. And I think that’s probably correct inthis type of environment. Not to say anything negativeabout sell through rates, actually I'm happen to be somebody who doesn’tbelieve that we're in a recession or are likely to go in a recession. I don’tknow, we've given you a wide enough range of guidance to accommodate someadditional softening, along with higher end of the range if things seem to firmup a little bit that we have a regional side of achieving. So, it may seem alittle bit more viable to you Jeff, but it's actually pretty consistent withwhat we said, maybe Q1 was little better than we expected, but when you thinkabout the first half of '08, we said on a year-over-year basis that'll be downa bit. It will be in the second half of '08 we see stabilization and then aresumption in growth. And I think if you look at the margin side of it,actually a healthier growth.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co: Okay. And just want to clarifyone thing you were talking about a minute ago about the $400 million ofincremental revenue in the second half versus the first: was that for the wholebusiness or just the EMS segment?
Forbes Alexander: That’s for the whole business,because if you look at consumer, it's relatively flat, first half to second half.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co: Okay. And so, but yet, the newprograms that we've talked about does that relate to the model that you formedby integrating Green Point: is that in that $100 million? I guess may be a little bit of, may be thatpeeling back a layer to understand the business that's kind of that's buildingup and coming back through the seasonal period here, but: how should we thinkabout the magnitude of that benefit for you in the second half?
Forbes Alexander: I think you should look at themagnitude, that benefit being actually pretty low in terms of new programcontributions from the vertical model with mobility customers. Again, I am nottalking specifically about Nokia, but I think you should look at that asrelatively low. So, a $2 billion second half versus roughly a $2 billion firsthalf that takes into consideration Q1, and then a very deep decline in revenuein Q2 on average, about what we'll see in the second half of the year. We'llstart to pickup a lot of steam in Q4 of '08 in that sector. So, we feel very,very confident about that. We see it coming, but for the annual buckets thatwe're talking about $2 billion first half, $2 billion second half. Now, also keep in mind that someof the program wins that we'll see tend to have lower dollar value in absoluteterms. So, lower end phones and visual mechanics tend to have a lower revenuelevel than higher-end phones and (inaudible). We're really driving thebusiness, not for revenue, we're driving the business for cash flow, margin andreturns and we think the mix of our business will be much healthier in thesecond half of '08 than the second half of '07 and first half of '07. So themix is actually been improving for us for the last six to nine months.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co: Yes, and then one last question Ihad was you have been talking about the way your operating margins will getback to in the second half and you're building on the success you have had forthis quarter. But if we look toward the lower end of your guidance range itseems if that would imply you'll fall short there. What are the risks that you seethat want you to give that wider range and leave yourself that room toward thelower end of your range? Is it strictly a matter of operating leverage if therevenue doesn't come? Or: is there something else there that needs to happen toachieve the midpoint type targets you've been referring to?
Tim Main: That's a great question and agood see up. It's got nothing to do with things magically that have to happenor things negative that we think might happen. It's all got to do with how therevenue comes through and what the production levels are. And that's goteverything to do with the macroeconomic environment. So, we're trying to give people ataste of what additional softening would look like at the low end of the range,kind of middle of the road and at the midpoint. And then, maybe, if thingsfirmed up a little bit and we gain a little bit more steam in the second half,we could hit the higher end of the range. So, it's really just about theeconomic environment and trying to discount what that might mean to us. So, wethink it's a reasonable range with additional softening if things begin alittle bit firmer. I think interesting thing though when you look at that. Evenif a down, lower end of the range scenario were to play out, we're still goingto have decent operating margins, strong free cash flow, and we'll produce ahell of a lot of cash as we go through that process. So, now this is a scenario wherewe're either going to produce a lot of cash and have a lot of cash sitting onthe balance sheet in a low growth or negative growth environment, or reallygoing to have to be affirming of demand and look at very strong marginexpansion and cash flow. And that's really kind of the message of the callparameters. It's really about the revenue at this point. The business, nothing wrong withthe business, there is nothing wrong with the customer base. We're really in anexcellent position to show very strong snap and very strong benefit from everydollar revenue increase and that feels good to us. It's been a little bit oftime since we've been in that position, but I think the picture is pretty clearif you look at the progression from Q2 '07 to Q3 '07, Q4 '07, Q1 '08, very,very strong progression. So looks good to us.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from theline of Alex Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Good afternoon. Tim, just acomment, you need to get after your webmaster because your release was not onthe webpage until somewhere between 5:00and 5:15. The slides werenot there when you started the call. I actually had to sign on to the webcastin order to see the slides. So, for the future, just a comment. Now, I don't want to be the deadhorse, but the decline here that you are forecasting for the second quarter isfar greater than anything that you've seen in the past. For example, EPS firstand second quarter in '04 was down 4%, and in '05 was down 16%, and in '06 wasdown 16%, and only last year was it down 52%. So we're looking here for a 50%decline this year. Now this is comparable last year, but not to any other year.And I think it's completely unexplained so far. Now the other thing that I note,and this is very unusual, the incremental margins given the guidance for thesecond quarter, it would be a decremental 16%, as you said, 16% of salescompared with 3.6% of actual margin. So that's a far bigger incremental marginnegative than we normally see in this business. It's an operating figure, noteven a gross margin. It's kind of in line with what you'd see at Caterpillar orsomething. So, if you add the reverse, ifyou had a $317 million increase in sales for the second quarter over the first,and the same incremental margin on the upside, you would add $0.21 to theearnings, or if you would have a 9% that would be a 9% increase in sales, andyou would have $0.21 plus $0.36 or $0.57 for the quarter, and you would have a4.7% operating margin in the second quarter. So, if reversed it and you havethe increase, you would be going over the top. So I don't really understand it.And you mentioned the $70 million would give you 4% operating margin for thequarter if you had $70 million more in sales. Well, that would be a 23%incremental margin on the upside and you would have had $0.43 per share if youjust had that extra $70 million. So, I just don't understand: why suddenly thisbusiness has gotten so leveraged? Can you address that issue? I mean: there isan awful lot of operating leverage here implied in these numbers.
Tim Main: There is an awful lot ofoperating leverage, that's for sure. Depending on this business and this sectormaterials can range anywhere from 70% to 85% of our revenue dollars. So, if youare sitting here in a quarter, dollars doesn't show up. Let's say it's an 80%material cost business you are going to lose, 20% of that $70 million inmaterial margin or profit, $14 million. That's kind of the easy math on howthat would equate to a 4% operating margin and it wouldn't go to $0.43 orwhatever that is. And in terms of…
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Wait, wait. I don't understand:if you have a 4% operating margin, you had $70 million of sales; you would beadding $16 million to operating profit.
Tim Main: $70 million that…
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: And that would be 23% of the $70million.
Tim Main: $70 million, a 20% going with myexample is $14 million. So, there is operating leverage there. That's for sure.And so there is operating leverage on the second half of the year. That'ssubstantial for us.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: And well, perhaps you'reimplying, if you get to a $1.50 with these first half numbers, but what I don'tunderstand is: why all of a sudden we are seeing this great operating leveragewhen in the past this business has not had done?
Tim Main: That's not true, not true. If youlook at the margins again in '04 and '05 the actual revenue decline Q1 to Q2was $17 million in '04 and …
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay.
Tim Main: $117 million in '05.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay.
Tim Main: $9 in '06
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay.
Tim Main: Operating leverage was exactlythe same.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: (inaudible) and negative 16%?
Tim Main: I am sorry.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: What you are talking about isnegative incremental margin of 16%?
Tim Main: The operating leverage negative…
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: It was and you are saying it wasin '06 quarters too.
Tim Main: Yes it was
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: But, if you go forward and havethat one the upside that's what I am saying and the numbers go out of sight. Ifyou take a 16% incremental operating margin on a actual margin of 3.6 it goes uppretty quick once you get a sale volume…
Tim Main: You get to a point where thatmanufacturing infrastructure is sitting there.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: What?
Tim Main: You get to a point, where youabsorbed all of that manufacturing infrastructure.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Yeah.
Tim Main: However, additional revenue youhave to add manufacturing infrastructure and the operating leverage then goesdown. So, there is a point, if we snap back to $3.3 billion level then it willbe significant positive operating leverage and then for revenue over that $3.3billion level theoretically we would begin have to start adding additionalmanufacturing capacity.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Which cuts into it, of course?
Tim Main: Yeah, that's quite. So, we havepositive operating leverage which then would be less.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So this big operatingleverage is operative within a range or volume, that's what you are saying?
Tim Main: That's correct.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Alright, well it just asurprise because the consensus with $0.31 for the quarter and you are tellingpeople that you are going to have earnings about 40% below that and I reallythink you ought to recognized that. I mean this is quite a big disappointment,this report, the second quarter guidance and the full year guidance theconsensus is right at the top of it $1.5. So, I think that that's what you areseeing reflected in the comments on this call and in the stock price. I will getout. Get to the end of the queue, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from theline of Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thank you very much. Timand Forbes, can you help me understand a little bit, we talked about growth alot, but when I look at your February quarter, if I got my math right, therevenue is at $3.0 billion, $3.1 billion. Year-over-year, unless I have somebad math going on, it looks like organic growth at best is flat, if notnegative, because we got a layer in Green Point as well as Nokia Siemens. Canyou help me about my math? Or, may be: connect the dots about what's going onwith organic growth? And: what was it for November?
Tim Main: No. your math is correct.
Forbes Alexander: Math's correct and for…
Tim Main: Nokia declined by about -- Nokiain that quarter was, I can't remember what the percentage was, but certainlyover 10% customer. And so, year-over-year revenue for that particular comesdown probably $300 million?
Forbes Alexander: Yes.
Tim Main: Something in that order. So thereis $300 million of organic growth. That makes up for that one individualcustomer revenue decline.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great! That's very useful. So:the majority of the decline was due to that trends? Or: that’s a decision thatthat customer made.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great! Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question is from theline of Paras Bhargava withBMO Capital Market. Paras, your line is open. Your next question is from the lineRashedul Din with CreditSights Incorporated.
Rashedul Din - CreditSights Incorporated: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks. Justhad a quick question on your $400 million that you have remaining in yourbridge facility: could you provide an update on that real quick?
Tim Main: Yes, of course. Today, actuallywe paid that $400 million loan on the bridge facility by using our $800 millionrevolver. At the same time, we entered into a 180-day, $200 million revolverwith the syndicate of banks. And ultimately what we are looking to do is totake that the 400 we have drawn that under revolver some form of permanentcapital as we enter the new calendar year here.
Rashedul Din - CreditSights Incorporated: Okay. So with the increased cashflows that you expect in the fiscal 2008: is there any plans on reduction or--?
Tim Main: That's clearly an alternativethat's open to us, because, as you say, these cash flows are very strongindeed. Before we have done earlier this year. In fact, it's structured ourcapital balance sheet in such a manner to allow us to do that. We put in placein July a $400 million term loan B facility as part of that structuringactivity with no prepayment penalties there in that regard. So, that's certainly analternative to us. And there is something we'll consider as we move through thesecond and the third fiscal quarter.
Rashedul Din - CreditSights Incorporated: Okay. Great! And just going backto a question we had earlier, when we talked about $70 million to $80 millionin incremental revenue you could have got from the manufacturing stuff: wasthat example where we had $0.20 on the dollar? Was that $0.20 operating marginprofit we are talking about?
Tim Main: Yes, it was core operating andcommercialized.
Rashedul Din - CreditSights Incorporated: Okay. So now, as we are talkingabout the operating leverage looking at Q2 then, what part of that within the-- I mean as I am modeling things like your gross margins are expected to befar below where it's been over the three quarters, more of this mid-6% level.Is there any kind of additional, I guess, color you can add on that in terms ofwhat part of that -- it's not, I don't know, adding up for me?
Tim Main: I mean your math is absolutelycorrect. So it's mid-6% on the gross margins.
Rashedul Din - CreditSights Incorporated: Right.
Tim Main: What your feeling is you've seenover $300 million of revenue come out with the manufacturing cost base thatremains in place from equipment, employees, overhead in terms of factory squarefootage and space. So, whilst we do use some levelof temporary labor to deal with these rapid seasonal growth periods, and in theconsumer products area, the majority of that labor that is in place isrelatively fixed. Remembering the seasonal dial is only a 90-day period we'retalking about here. And looking at the guidance wehave given for the back half of the year, we are looking at additional $400million of revenue coming in, which very, very quickly drives us back up in tothe T2, T3, T4, T5 type levels to achieve that back half target. So you'll verymuch see that leverage of the manufacturing cost base coming back.
Rashedul Din - CreditSights Incorporated: Okay. And we didn't see thatsignificant in last year's Q1 to Q2 even though we had $300 million incrementaldecline. Is that a reason why --?
Tim Main: We did actually, we did. Lastyear, we had somewhere in the region of $290 million of decline with a $53million decline in core operating income, which was about 18%. No, we did havesome write-off in the first fiscal quarter at $12 million. But even that is not16% to 18%. So, it's inside this number of this year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we havereached the end of allotted time for questions and answers. I will now turn theconference back over to Ms. Walters for any closing remarks.
Beth Walters: Thank you for joining us on thecall today. Sorry about the technical difficulties we experienced. And also tolet participants on the call know that Tim Main will participate or be on[StockBox] tomorrow morning at 6:50 AM.Thanks again for joining us on the call.
Operator: Thank you for participating intoday's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-09-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - IR   Forbes Alexander - CFO   Tim Main - President, CEO 
Analysts: Louis Miscioscia - Cowen  Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch  Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners  Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research  Brian White - Jefferies  Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns  Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets  Long Jiang - UBS  Thomas Dinges – JP Morgan  Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Beth Walters, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead. 
 Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO Tim Main and Chief Financial Officer Forbes Alexander.  The call is being recorded, and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investor section, along with today's press release and the slideshow presentation on the fourth quarter and fiscal year results.  You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the website and began with slide 1 now, our forward-looking statement. During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected first quarter fiscal year 2008 net revenue and earnings results, our long-term outlook for the company and improvements in our operational efficiency and in our financial performance. The statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the Securities and Exchange Commission having views different from ours on the results of the review of our past stock option grants, conducted by a special committee of our board and governmental authorities; and the review of our historical recognition of our revenue by our audit committee; the impacts of the restatement of our financial statements and any other actions that may be taken or required as a result of any such reviews; risks and costs inherent in litigation, including any pending or future litigation relating to our stock option grants; the restatement of our financial statements as a result of the evaluation of our historical stock option practices and revenue recognition associated with financial statements or any declines on the price of our stock; whether our realignment of our capacity will adversely affect our cost structure; ability to service customers and labor relations; and our ability to successfully address the challenges associated with integrating our acquisition of Green Point; our ability to take advantage of perceived benefits of offering customers vertically-integrated services; changes in technology, competition and anticipated growth for us in our industry that may not occur; managing rapid growth; managing any rapid declines in customer demands that may occur; our ability to successfully consummate acquisitions; managing the integration of businesses we acquire; risks associated with the international sales and operations; retaining key personnel; our dependence on a limited number of large customers; business and competitive factors generally affecting the electronic manufacturing services industry, our customers and our business.  Other factors that we may not have currently identified or quantified and other risks, relevant factors and uncertainties identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31st, 2006 and subsequent forms reported on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Please turn now to slides 2-5 as I discuss the results for our fourth quarter and fiscal year. Results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, on revenues of $3.1 billion GAAP operating income increased to $50.5 million. This compares to $7.6 million GAAP operating loss on revenues of $3 billion for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges for the quarter, was $103.8 million or 3.3% of revenue, as compared to $90.2 million or 3.1% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per diluted share were $0.29.  Legal and accounting costs associated with the recent reviews in the quarter were approximately $2 million. On a year-over-year basis, this represents a 6% growth in revenue and a 15% increase in core operating profits. On a sequential basis, revenues increased by 4%, while core operating income increased 19%.  Revenues for the fiscal year 2007 were $12.3 billion. GAAP operating earnings were $181.9 million, compared to $10.3 billion and $241 million, respectively, in fiscal 2006. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges for the fiscal year, was $331.6 million as compared to $391.6 million in fiscal 2006, resulting in core diluted earnings per share of $0.95 versus $1.53.  Please turn now to slide 6 for a discussion of revenue by sector for the fourth quarter. Production levels in the automotive sector decreased 10% from the prior quarter, reflecting the seasonal nature of this sector. Computing and storage sector increased 9% from the third quarter, reflecting additional business awards with two customers in this sector.  The consumer product sector decreased by 3% from the third quarter, reflecting the transition of business mix in this sector. Instrumentation and medical sector was better than our expectations, and increased 7% from the third quarter. This is a result of sequential growth with more than 90% of our customers in this very well-diversified sector.  The networking sector levels of production increased by 12% from the previous quarter, reflecting demand strength in our largest customer from this sector. The peripherals sector increased by 8% over the third quarter, reflecting the continued ramp of previously discussed new business awards with an existing customer. The telecommunications sector decreased 8% sequentially, slightly better than our expectations.  Our sector information for the quarter in the fiscal year in percentage terms is as follows: automotive for the fourth quarter, 4%; for the fiscal year, 5%. Computing and storage sector, 12% for the fourth quarter; 12% for the fiscal year. The consumer sector, 24% for the fourth quarter; 29% for the fiscal year. Instrumentation and medical sector represented 19% of revenues for the fourth quarter, 17% of revenues for the full fiscal year. The networking sector was 22% of revenues in the fourth quarter and 20% for the full fiscal year. The peripherals sector represented 9% of revenues for the fourth quarter and 8% of revenues for the full fiscal year. The telecommunications sector represented 5% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. Our other sector represented 5% in the fourth quarter and 4% for the full fiscal year.  In the complete fiscal year 2007, we have two customers that accounted for more than 10% of revenues: Cisco at 15% of revenues and Nokia at 13% of revenues. Our top 10 customers in the year accounted for approximately 62% of revenues.  Stock-based compensation expense declined by $14 million to $5.1 million in the fourth quarter. This is the result of costs associated with the Internal Revenue Code Section 409-A incurred last quarter and will not be an ongoing cost; $6 million in the reversal of stock-based compensation expense previously incurred as a result of performance-based restricted stock grants that is now no longer expected to vest.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Forbes Alexander. 
 Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon. I would now like to review our balance sheet and trends with you, and I'd ask you to turn to slides 8, 9 and 10. The company's sales cycle in the quarter improved by 6 days to 19 days. Days sales and accounts payable days outstanding improved by one day each, as compared to the third quarter. Inventory days improved by four days to 43 days or 8.4 turns, a reduction of approximately $70 million in the quarter. Cash flow from operations is approximately $250 million in the fourth quarter. Cash flow from operations for the fiscal year was approximately $190 million.  Our return on invested capital improved to 11% as compared to 10% in the previous quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $664 million as compared to $558 million at the end of the third quarter, after paying down $70 million of our bridge facility.  Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $93 million, including approximately $33 million of expenditures related to our expansion of facilities in China, India, Poland and the Ukraine, these building expansions being ahead of our previous expectations. Capital expenditures for the year were approximately $307 million.  Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $57 million, with EBITDA in the quarter being $161 million. For the fiscal year, depreciation was approximately $210 million and EBITDA was $542 million.  During the quarter, we amended our revolving credit facility from $500 million to $800 million of capacity with a five-year term through July 2012. In conjunction with this, we also entered into a $400 million term loan A with the same five-year maturity. Proceeds from this term loan were used to pay down $400 million of the bridge facility in place to fund our recent Green Point acquisition. $400 million remains outstanding on the bridge facility, expiring on the 20th of December, 2007. We intend to replace this outstanding bridge financing with permanent longer-term capital prior to that date.  We're pleased with the continued progress we have made in the quarter: a return to quarterly revenue growth; 40 basis points of continuing improvement in our core operating income margin; reducing inventory levels by 5% for the second consecutive quarter, achieved while growing revenue at 6% over the same period; positive cash flow from operations; and continued improvement in our returns on invested capital.  It is pleasing to note that fiscal year 2007 is our 12th consecutive year of positive cash flow from operations, a year in which revenue grew 20%, while both our networking and consumer sectors were in transition.  In the second half of the fiscal year, we generated approximately $440 million of cash flow from operations and $230 million of cash flow after capital expenditures and dividend payments. We're extremely well-positioned for continued positive cash flows in our fiscal year 2008, while continuing to grow our revenues and core operating income.  I'd now like to update you with regards to our restructuring activity. We continue to manage our overall rationalization plan according to our previously announced plan. During the fourth quarter, we recorded charges of approximately $39 million. Total charges recorded to date against our overall plan are approximately $191 million. During the quarter, cash payments associated with these restructuring activities were approximately $17 million. Total cash payments to date against the plan are approximately $75 million.  We continue to expect our total restructuring charges to be at the higher end of the previously provided $200 million to $250 million range. The cash cost of such charges in this plan remains negative $150 million to $200 million. Discussions with our employees and their representatives continue, and we're complying with all statutory and consultation periods required of us.  I'd now like to turn to the business update. While we are not providing full fiscal year 2008 guidance, we enter the year with optimism that our continued progression towards our targeted return goals remain intact. We continue to see and capitalize upon the trend to outsourcing, diversifying our industry sectors, our customer base, and expanding our services sets in a climate of slow end market expansion.  The next step towards these goals is reflected in our first quarter's guidance, as follows. I'll now ask you to turn to slide 11. We estimate revenue in our first fiscal quarter of 2008 to be $3.3 billion. This guidance reflects seasonal growth in the consumer sector, continued healthy growth in the peripheral sector and computing and storage sectors. Core earnings per share for the November quarter are expected to be in the range of $0.33 to $0.37. As a percentage of revenue, we estimate core operating margins to be in the 3.3% to 3.7% range.  Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be consistent with the fourth quarter at $116 million. Research and development costs are expected to be approximately $9.5 million. Intangibles amortization is expected to be approximately $9 million in the quarter. Stock-based compensation is estimated to be approximately $17 million in the quarter. Our interest expense is estimated to be $25 million in the first quarter.  Based upon the current estimate of production levels, the tax rate on core operating income is expected to be 18% for the first quarter in the fiscal year. Our capital expenditures for the first quarter are estimated to be in the range of $65 million to $90 million, dependent upon the timing of the completion of our planned building expansions in Poland and the Ukraine.  I'd now ask you to turn to slide 12, where we will discuss the revenue by sector for the first quarter. Before providing that detail, I would like to take a moment to discuss our recent announcement regarding the formation of our Consumer Division. The company shall be organized around three divisions, with the continuing use of our customer-centric or business unit model: the Consumer Division, the EMS Division and the After Market Service Division, previously known as the Repair and Warranty Services Group.  As a result, we are realigning some of our revenue sectors to reflect this new divisional structure. As part of the slideshow accompanying this earnings call, we have provided for comparative purposes, reoriented industry sector information for each quarter of fiscal year 2007, full fiscal year 2007 and the first fiscal quarter of 2008. You can find this information on slide 13.  The key changes are to the Consumer Division, where previously white goods and other customers were reported under the consumer sector. They shall now be reported under the industrial, instrumentation and medical sector, accounting for the 2% increase in this sector.  The EMS Division shall continue to address the traditional markets, including networking, computing, storage and telecommunications, along with the emerging markets such as automotive, medical, industrial, instrumentation, defense and aerospace.  Guidance for revenue within the EMS Division for the first fiscal quarter of 2008 is as follows: the automotive sector is expected to be consistent with the fourth quarter. The computing and storage sector is estimated to increase by 10% from the fourth quarter, reflecting additional business wins with an existing customer. The instrumentation and medical, the networking sector and the telecom sector are all expected to be consistent with the fourth quarter.  Our Consumer Division addresses the markets of mobility, cell phone-to-mobile products; displays, products such as televisions; set-top boxes and peripheral products. Our guidance for revenue within the Consumer Division for the first fiscal quarter of 2008 is as follows: the consumer sector is expected to increase by 15% to 20% in our first quarter, reflecting seasonal growth. The peripheral sector is estimated to increase by 5% in our first quarter, reflecting continued new business awards with existing customers.  Finally, our After Market Services Division services customers with repair and warranty services. Revenue in the first fiscal quarter is expected to be consistent with that of the fourth fiscal quarter.  With that, I would now like to hand the call over to Tim Main. 
 Tim Main:  Thank you, Forbes. Our financial performance in the fourth quarter provides further confirmation that we're executing on what we said we would do a few quarters ago. Earlier this year, we said we needed to focus on five key areas: eliminate the exceptional issues impairing earnings, tune our global footprint through rationalization, reduce the cost and distraction associated with the external review process, improve our value proposition in the consumer electronics area and then execute on the basics of our business. Results in our third and fourth fiscal quarters of 2007 and the outlook for Q1 of 2008 confirms we are moving efficiently on this path.  Core operating margins have improved 140 basis points since the second quarter of 2007. Core operating earnings in the second half of 2007 exceeded the year-ago period. Most notably, cash flow from operations for the second half of 2007 approached $450 million, indicating we are managing our assets much more efficiently. We will continue to focus on improving our metrics in coming quarters. Our present condition gives us confidence we can accomplish even more.  Looking forward to our November quarter, we expect our Consumer Division to post sequential revenue growth of 15% to 20%. Here again, I think we are enacting what we said we would do several quarters ago. We said we needed to evolve our consumer electronics business to emphasize full product ownership and an end-to-end solution. We needed to demonstrate pricing discipline as we moved our value proposition upstream, and we needed to leverage a vertically-integrated solution with our Green Point acquisition. We are methodically acting on this strategy, and we are seeing benefits.  We are doing well in the expansion of our displays business. This has required some significant investment, and we still have some gaps to close on our value proposition. However, this area is gaining momentum, contributing to earnings, and is an area which may contribute materially to our long-term growth.  In mobility products, we now have relationships with most of the top device OEMs, and we are working to expand those relationships in a meaningful way. Green Point is the cornerstone element of our value proposition in this area. We have capable, low-cost manufacturing operations in all of the primary consuming regions. These operations will scale on a vertically-integrated basis.  In the mobility area, I think it is important to note that this is a long-term strategy, not dependent on a single customer or opportunity. In fiscal Q4 2007 and we expect in fiscal Q1 2008, Nokia will be less than a 10% customer. Now, Nokia is a phenomenal customer with whom we expect to continue to grow over the long term. However, investors need to understand that we are working to diversify our customer base and the products we build for those customers in mobility as well as in consumer electronics overall.  Looking at our business under the new divisional organizational structure, our EMS Division grew 31% in fiscal 2007. We are investing heavily in design, our global footprint and our ability to help customers manage demand and supply imbalances through our order fulfillment and lean manufacturing efforts. We have made significant progress in expanding our industrial, instrumentation and medical business, our computing and storage sector and generating expanded opportunities in our automotive and defense and aerospace businesses.  The After Market Services Division grew about 40% in FY07. We have operations today around the world and have done a solid job of refining our solutions for customers. As our customers continue to search for ways to reduce total product costs, effective management of costs in this area is becoming critical, and we believe this is a real strength for Jabil.  While we are not providing guidance for the full fiscal 2008 year, we are committed to continuing our step-by-step rejuvenation of earnings and growth, and want to focus our dialogue with investors in this area. In the present macro environment, we think an elaborate discussion regarding annual expectations would be unproductive. With this said, I would like to provide some color on how we are looking at the year.  On a division basis, we would currently expect our Consumer Division to be relatively flat in fiscal 2008. The typical seasonal pattern will be in place for the first half of the year. We have and will continue to expand our customer base and improve our value proposition throughout the year. We expect to see the top line benefits from these efforts to begin to materialize late in fiscal 2008 and more appreciably in fiscal 2009.  Our EMS Division posted a blistering 31% top line growth in fiscal 2007. While we do not expect this level of growth in 2008, we do expect growth will be robust for the year. Growth will be supported by our computing and storage, networking and industrial instrumentation and medical sectors. We also feel confident regarding possible new relationships with carrier class wireline and wireless OEMs.  Consistent with past years, we see the secular trend to outsourcing as being the fundamental driver of growth. However, we also expect broadening services and market-share expansion to fuel growth as the year unfolds. After Market Services is expected to grow nicely for the year as well.  Organizationally, we feel good about our new structure and the benefits it will bring in future quarters. No system or approach is without challenges or detractors, and we will have each for a time to come. But over time, I think the narrowed focus and accountability will yield benefits for our customers, our people, and therefore our shareholders. We have always maintained that the business that executes the best will win the greatest market share, and we will continue to work hard to demonstrate through our results that we are on this path. 
 Beth Walters:  Operator, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer session. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Louis Miscioscia - Cowen. 
 Louis Miscioscia - Cowen:  Tim, can you talk a little bit more about Taiwan Green Point and how things are going there? I apologize if you had that in your remarks; I was unfortunately getting on the call a little bit late. 
 Tim Main:  We didn't address Taiwan Green Point specifically and we don't intend to break them out going forward. They are part of the Consumer Division and more narrowly, part of the mobility and displays sector within Consumer. Having said that, they are on plan, doing well. I did make some comments that we have relationships now with most of the major device manufacturers in mobility, and that Green Point is a cornerstone element of our value proposition in that area.  Our major thrust in fiscal 2008 will be leveraging Green Point's technology and capability into bigger, broader relationships with those device OEMs. We feel like we're on a very supportable path to do that.  We did mention that in the mobility area, we would expect the benefits of leveraging that technology and expanding relationships to contribute to year-over-year top line growth in late fiscal 2008 and then, more appreciably, in fiscal 2009. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch. 
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: On the consumer business, you mentioned some areas that you need to focus on and need to evolve in. I was wondering if you could talk about what areas are most challenging, whether it's the vertical integration, pricing discipline? Where do you think you're furthest along, and what should we see as the most improved area during the course of this fiscal year? 
 Tim Main:  I think it's really now a function of primarily resuming growth and continuing to execute on the key areas that we talked about: pricing discipline, moving to a full product orientation throughout the Consumer Electronics Division, which will include displays as well as mobility. We do expect to see pretty significant growth in displays, even in fiscal 2008. In the mobility area, as we move to a more integrated model, ramping and scaling the facilities that we have established in places like China, the Ukraine and India. 
 Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Forbes on the tax number, non-GAAP, I came out with about $20 million in book taxes. Is that the right number for the quarter? Can you just review what happened, what was the true-up that went on again? 
 Forbes Alexander:  Yes. The actual tax number for the quarter, if we're talking about core, was actually about $18 million, 22% in the quarter. As you are aware, we book our taxes on an annualized approach, and I think there's a couple of million there just in true-up as we have seen income come in from higher tax jurisdictions.  Now, as you are aware, we've got many geographies with tax holidays and we are not always perfect with a predictive index as to where exactly that income is going to fall through from. So that's really the impact there. As we look into fiscal 2008, I would use an 18% tax rate, based upon the profile of the income stream that we see. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners. 
 Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Now that you're breaking out your businesses into three segments, can you give us an idea of profitability levels for each segment and return metrics, and what your short and long-term goals are for each division? 
 Forbes Alexander:  We don't plan, certainly at this stage, to go into that level of detail. Our overall goal is to continue to grow our operating income margin from 3.3% this fiscal quarter and continue a step function to return our overall profitability to our longer-term goals. You see that being a step function as we move through fiscal 2008, and we're going to continue to strive towards that and look towards a number of key drivers in our business, predominantly adding revenue as we move through the fiscal year, continuing with our restructuring plans and, frankly, some continued focus on our operating expenses in terms of SG&A.  So clearly, our divisional heads have metrics and targets placed upon them, but overall we're looking to drive the corporation step function forward to our longer-term targeted goals. 
 Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Just another question on the mobility and consumer business. It sounds like you're really looking to leverage Taiwan Green Point to get some bigger contracts with some other large handset customers out there. What does the pipeline look like? Are you close to signing any big deals there? 
 Tim Main:  We looked at the fiscal year having growth in the back half of the year; let's say, late in fiscal 2008. I prefer to just leave it at that. We have major relationships, including Jabil relationships that are still critically important and still top 5 customers. So there's no reliance completely on making sure that we get big deals from Green Point's customers.  We're looking at this as a total business solution, not something that's reliant on one or the other. We're creating a vertically integrated solution that will be operated and managed under a single organizational structure. That's moving forward, and we think that will yield significant benefits for us going forward.  We did take particular time in the prepared remarks to talk about how this is not reliant on a single customer or a single opportunity. With EMS growing at the rate they did in fiscal 2007, After Market Services growing, and very significant growth in Consumer Electronics and actually most of the areas that we do business in, I wouldn't say that we are dour or depressed about what's going on in that division. As a matter of fact, I'm becoming more enthusiastic about what our prospects are there. So a good pipeline of opportunity.  We're looking at a fiscal year in which we intend to continue to methodically improve our value proposition. We will see top line growth, and we're going to stay focused on things like cash flow, balance sheet management, return on invested capital and get the financial metrics, the performance of the company back to historical levels. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research. 
 Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research:  Just first on the margin profile, understanding that revenue growth is kind of the key to delivering further operating leverage, what other maybe headwinds are we still facing, in terms of just legal fee expectations going forward or anything else out there? Then maybe just some commentary on the timing and restructuring benefits. Do we still expect that 20 or 30 basis points to be more back-end loaded in FY 2008? Or is there a chance that maybe it can be pulled forward a little bit? 
 Forbes Alexander: You talked about legal fees. I would expect to see legal fees starting to really tail off now. Maybe it's $1 million in the following quarter; it's that type of magnitude. So not an incredible burden in terms of the SG&A structure.  With regards to restructuring activity, that's a great question. As we look at things right now, we've incurred on a US GAAP basis $119 million of those charges. I would want to point out that that's on an accrual basis. Really, what I'd encourage investors to look at it is follow the cash impact. So cash going out the door in terms of restructuring is indicative of physical change within the corporation in terms of plant closures, employees leaving the company, revenue streams transferring out of our higher-cost locations into some of our lower-cost locations.  So given that and the fact that we incurred somewhere in the region of $70 million of cash, it is going to be the back half of fiscal 2008. Again, these product transfers are occurring. We've got ongoing discussions with unions and employee representatives in Western Europe, and you may see some additional restructuring charges again on a US accruals basis in the first fiscal quarter or second fiscal quarter in the magnitude of $45 million to $50 million.  Again, I'd ask you to follow the cash. In summary, yes, we still continue to expect to see these benefits in the back half of fiscal 2008. 
 Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: The interest rate on the credit facility as well as the term loan put in place, what's the debt rate on the bridge loan? 
 Forbes Alexander:  That's LIBOR-based. I don't have that in front of me. 
 Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research:  Maybe just a better question is, should we expect any further interest expense savings as you transfer that $400 million to maybe a fixed-rate debt? 
 Forbes Alexander:  Yes, there's certainly opportunity to do that, absolutely. Again, with the cash generation that we've seen in the corporation in the last two quarters the $200 million after our CapEx and dividends, we would anticipate certainly having some higher cash balances also, which would help give the potential to drive that net interest expense down. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian White - Jefferies. 
 Brian White - Jefferies:  Just curious, Tim, if you could comment a little bit about some of the news stories surrounding Jabil potentially acquiring assets from Nokia Siemens in Italy. 
 Tim Main:  I can confirm that there's a dialogue with Nokia Siemens Networks regarding certain operations in Italy. That's a negotiation that's in process, and we'll reserve any further comment on that until those agreements are complete.  It's principally about a transfer of business though, not an acquisition of substantial brick and mortar and assets. So there's an employment base of less than 1,000 employees. During the transition period, we would lease certain operations and then move that business into our existing facilities in the Italy market.  So I think that the negative comments we've heard from folks have to do with, is this another brick and mortar acquisition? That's not really the nature of the transaction. We'll have more details on that, provided that the agreements are finally completed. 
 Brian White - Jefferies:  This would be more board level or system level? 
 Tim Main:  We'll comment on that more when the deal is done. 
 Brian White - Jefferies: It looks like the Consumer business for the November quarter, relative to historical sequential changes, looks a little soft. Is that simply because of the transition that's still ongoing or are you just seeing something in the markets? 
 Tim Main:  Which looks a little soft? 
 Brian White - Jefferies:  Consumer. I know you broke it out a little bit differently, but I still think you can compare it to historical. It looks a little softer than we have seen historically for the November quarter. I'm just curious why that might be. 
 Tim Main:  It's not really that much softer. Some years we've seen 30%, some years we've seen 20%. 15% to 20%, I think, in this environment is being reasonably conservative. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns. 
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns:  The question actually, Tim, that I have is also related to the Consumer Division, just trying to understand it better based on some of the numbers that you guys broke down today. Nokia is about a 13% customer now, and Philips has fallen below 10%. So if I look at those two, they both appear to be down in excess of 20% year on year for you guys, yet your Consumer Division itself actually was only down 2% or so based on my numbers. So that shows maybe what you were speaking to was just the diversification. If that is the case, maybe you could describe what other areas within Consumer you guys had actually made some good traction on during the year? 
 Tim Main:  I don't know that Philips is actually down 20%. There are elements of Philips that go into other segments. It's not completely Consumer. Having said that, don't forget also, Kevin, that we have the Green Point acquisition categorized in that segment, which will increase it there. There is an impact of diversification in that segment, principally in the displays area today.  We have added several important customer relationships in the displays area. It's not a big driver of revenue growth in 2007. But, again, we think that will contribute to fiscal 2008 and contribute more substantially in 2008 later in the year. 
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns:  Just so I heard you correctly, did you say that Nokia you expect to be below 10% in the quarter coming up, November, as well as February? Or was it the quarter you just reported? 
 Tim Main:  The quarter we just reported, so the fourth quarter of 2007 and the first quarter of 2008. Again, I think, to your point, which is all is not gloom and doom in that segment. We have been working very hard at diversification and moving our value proposition. In the short term, we'll have some setbacks. But over the long term, we would expect that to yield significant results. I think we're demonstrating some progress in those efforts. 
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns:  Just on segment reporting, maybe for Forbes, you guys are now looking at your business differently and you're running it differently than in the past. You're not providing the detail here today. I know that change only happened on the 1st of September, but going forward, when you start filing your Qs in your segment, rather than reporting by geographies, will you begin reporting out operating profits by segments the way you are now? 
 Forbes Alexander:  Yes, we will, Kevin. The thought process behind the divisional approach also is allowing investors to see how the divisions are performing. You're absolutely correct. In terms of our filings, our Qs and our Ks, we will be breaking this out by the EMS Division, Consumer Division and After Market Services Division. With that will come certain asset information and operating income information, corporate charges and such, just as you see today in our current filings. 
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns:  But will it be retroactive, meaning to this K that's about to come out, or will it only be going forward on your first Q for November? 
 Forbes Alexander:  It will be a year-over-year comparison. That is a requirement. 
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns:  So you will show it for this K, then, against last year? 
 Forbes Alexander:  Not for this K, no. For our first quarter Q. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets. 
 Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets:  Just a quick question on the margins. In the past, you have spoken about a 4% margin target. Could you just talk about what do we need to get there at this point? In the past, I think you said $3.34 billion run rate if you get to the midpoint in November, and we're still, I think, 50 basis shy of that target. So what do we need from here to get to the 4% number? 
 Tim Main:  Let's put that in some perspective. A 50 basis point change in our operating margin is around $15 million, $16 million. So we're not talking about a huge leap from where we are to where we want to be. I think also, let's think about where we've come from in 2007, so a much more material and tested revenue stream in our networking segment and some of the other segments we do business in.  As we generate and manufacture more business in the industrial instrumentation medical segments, as we gain vertical integration and traction in Consumer Electronics, we're essentially increasing the amount of value add in our revenue stream. That will certainly help the margin side.  Secondly, we do plan on getting additional operating expense leverage, much like we saw in the 2003 - 2006 time period when the expansion of our operating expenses and SG&A expenses were relatively flat. We fully intend to do a better job of leveraging operating expenses as we grow revenue, particularly in the back half of fiscal 2008.  Then we'll get better capacity utilization. Forbes mentioned we spent approximately $90 million in capital expenditures. We're building facilities because we anticipate growth in, certainly, the back half of 2008. As that top line increases, it will give us a much better opportunity to see that operating margin improvement. 
 Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets:  That's really helpful. Then just in terms of ROIC levels, you had a 15% target or plus 15% historically. When you look at the three segments we have now, would it be safe to assume that the EMS and After Market Divisions were not at that 15% target? 
 Tim Main:  I don't think that would be safe to say. But I can't really answer it on it, because we don't have divisional ROICs at our fingertips at this point. What has really impacted our ROIC obviously, the earnings side. But the acquisition of Green Point significantly expanded the capital base. Of course, in our calculations, they include all goodwill and the rest of it. So we still think those targets are attainable and doable.  We're actually very pleased to see our ROIC move up into double-digits. The nice thing about adding to that is it should take our weighted average cost of capital down a little bit and provide some relief to shareholders that have historically been the loan supporter of capital for this corporation. So a better balance of equity and debt and really just driving the earnings and efficiently managing our assets. I think we'll continue to see improvement in ROIC.  It remains a key objective for the corporation. Forbes talks about it all the time. It's practically all he talks about in terms of cash flow, balance sheet management, returns on capital. Our business unit guys get it. We made a strategic decision to make a major acquisition, and that will delay the period that we get to the 18% to 20% ROIC. But I still think, based on the models we have, that that's doable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Long Jiang - UBS. 
 Long Jiang - UBS: Good afternoon. I was late to the call, so I apologize if you already addressed it. Did you talk about the foreign exchange impact for the quarter in terms of revenue and operating income? 
 Forbes Alexander: We did not specifically discuss that. However, we're not seeing a very large material impact in terms of foreign exchanges, though certainly, we have a broad-based revenue stream across the world, with various dollar purchases, yen purchases, even based in European markets and such. So we don't see significant impacts on our revenue stream or income stream as a result of that. We're pretty well-hedged and risk-averse, if you will. 
 Long Jiang - UBS:  Basically, no meaningful impact to the top line operating profit? 
 Forbes Alexander:  That's correct. 
 Long Jiang - UBS:  A question related to the consumer segment. You are guiding flat for fiscal 2008. Now, to what degree do you assume vertical integration with TGP products in guiding flat consumer revenue for fiscal 2008? 
 Tim Main: As we've said, any revenue contribution from Green Point operations are included in our consumer segment. 
 Long Jiang - UBS: Yes, I understand. But if you increase vertical integration, some of their products may not reflected in external sales, right? If you do more consulting with TGP? 
 Tim Main: Are you saying, if we substituted Green Point plastics for externally secured plastics, that would not increase the revenue stream? I had a hard time understanding what you're really asking. 
 Long Jiang - UBS:  If TGP increased production, some of the increased production, if used internally with your EMS side of the business, that could impact the extent of sales, but it could benefit margins, right? 
 Tim Main:  Yes. 
 Long Jiang - UBS:  So I'm just curious to what degree do you assume that kind of vertical integration in fiscal 2008? 
 Tim Main:  Well, all we talked about, really, was top line guidance. So in terms of providing margin or EPS guidance, we didn't do that. But you're absolutely right to the extent that we can get additional vertical integration benefits from Green Point in our existing relationships and in a broader number of segments, yes, that would be good for margins, we would hope. 
 Long Jiang - UBS:  What's the typical production ramp-up lead time for the consumer segment? 
 Tim Main:  The lead time associated with what, now? 
 Long Jiang - UBS:  The lead time from you getting an order or you getting the business to full production ramp-up? Because I just want to get a better understanding about your guidance of consumer ramp-up in late 2008 and 2009. I'm curious whether you already have strong indications, tangible indications from your customers in terms of increased orders for consumers. 
 Tim Main:  Yes. The lead time isn't that long. By the time a customer gives us a purchase order, the assets are in place and we are already locked, loaded and ready to go. So I wouldn't expect purchase orders to show up until 8 to 12 weeks before they expected to receive a part from us.  But we would certainly have to have more confidence about pipeline, the opportunities, what we're bidding on, what we thought we would win, in order to think that we will see some positive top line comparisons year over year, later in fiscal 2008. So that's where our confidence comes from, where we are going.  Sorry for stumbling on this a little bit, but we're getting a lot of static from your line or our line. I'm not sure what it is. So it's hard to hear those questions. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Dinges – JP Morgan. 
 Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan:  To segue off one of the things you said there Tim, with the relentless pursuit that Forbes has on ROIC and cash flow and so forth, can you talk a bit in general terms about the build rate of new capacity that you guys are undergoing? Is next quarter maybe a bit of the peak of that? Because a couple quarters in a row, you guys have obviously come in either at the high end or higher than where you thought you would be on new capacity. You talked about a couple of sites there. Especially in the context of what you guys are seeing for new opportunities for the year, it would help if you can walk through your assumptions on where you stand in that. 
 Tim Main:  I think Forbes has been making the rounds and picking up people's credit cards and counseling their lines of credit. But to be directly responsive to your question, I think from a facility expansion standpoint, yes, that tends to be very, very lumpy. It's a stair step function, classic stair step function, whereas the internal machinery and equipment that will go into the facilities can come, matched with the revenue stream on a much closer basis. So we did have a pretty significant build out in terms of facility expansion, and we will have an opportunity to slow that part of our CapEx stream down when they are complete, after the end of the first quarter. 
 Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan:  The quick follow-up is just last quarter you mentioned, I think it was, four to five different sectors where you guys were anticipating some ramps of some nice programs. Some of those look like they got reflected either in the outlook for next quarter, or perhaps what you actually saw in the reported results for this quarter.  My question is, have you seen any changes to any of those plans that you have? Is that perhaps one of the reasons why, as you talked about especially, say, in some of the segments, maybe the outlook is a little bit on the conservative side? Or is this just purely you guys taking a haircut to what you're seeing out there from your customers in general? 
 Forbes Alexander:  Well, in terms of the program wins that you mentioned, Tom, our guidance today and our discussions do I think fairly reflect what we talked about last quarter. Some of these programs we talked about an automotive win. Automotive, by its very nature, is a much slower transition into the EMS model. Again, qualification on assembly-by-assembly basis rather than, for example, on an overall line basis that one would use on a storage product or networking product or anything of that nature.  So I don't think our overall outlook has changed in terms of these wins transition into our customer. You're absolutely correct. Some of the revenue uptick that we saw in the quarter we just reported reflects those wins coming in, in the computing and storage spaces and peripherals. So overall, I think we're happy with what we're seeing, and everything is on track to our previous anticipation. 
 Beth Walters:  Operator, we have time for one more question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America. 
 Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America: Could you talk a little bit more about the communications equipment sector? It seems like you came in slightly better on the top line overall than the $3 billion guidance. It looks like maybe some of that upside came on the com side. It seems like networking, you guided for that to be consistent and telecom, you actually guided that to be down 10%, but that was actually slightly higher, in our numbers.  Was there anything in the revenue, maybe on the networking side from Cisco, that was more materials-related that you weren't expecting, that helped create the upside? Or talk on that and the overall headline growth rates for the full company for the full year at 20% looks great. But, of course, if you look at it on an organic basis, it's a little bit less than half of that, by my numbers.  So the last question related to that is, I think earlier in the call you did say you are not providing fiscal-year guidance for 2008, but you do expect that your long-term target of 20% type growth is what you're shooting for. Is that the case? 
 Tim Main:  On your first question regarding the communications segment, networking and telecommunications both came in above original expectations and guidance. Spending in those areas has been pretty good, and it's kind of an iffy end market environment right now. But those two areas seem to be relatively strong.  So I think we are expanding our services in those areas, if you speak of communications to encompass networking and the telecommunications side. We're expanding services. We're winning market share. I also talked about the potential they had, a couple of relationships in wireline and wireless OEMs that we don't have today, in the fiscal 2008 year.  So I'm looking for those sectors to be pretty strong for us as we go out into future quarters. Now again, it's kind of an iffy end market. So we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. But yes, you are right, those were relatively strong.  In terms of top line growth for fiscal 2008, what we have said is we're not providing fiscal 2008 guidance. We provided no specific guidance relative to our long-term targets or any other targets. We spent some time in the prepared remarks to talk about how that looks on a divisional basis, and certainly if you go back and look at the comments or re-listen to them, we expect growth to accelerate in the back half of fiscal 2008, with consumer making a contribution very late in fiscal 2008 and more appreciably in 2009. 
 Jeff Walkenhorst - Banc of America: That's helpful color. One last follow-up on the comm equipment side. Does that mean that some of the growth we saw with Jabil is more of a share gain versus market growth, or is it a combination of both, some improvement in the end market as well as share gain? 
 Tim Main:  In terms of the last quarter, share gains happen over time. So I'd say a large part of the contribution is end market. 
 Beth Walters: Thank you. That concludes our earnings call for today. Just a side note that Jabil management will appear on CNBC and Bloomberg Television tomorrow before 7 AM Eastern. We thank you again for joining us on the call today.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-06-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-03-22 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Beth Walters - VP, IR   Forbes Alexander - CFO   Tim Main - President and CEO 
Analysts: Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company   Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair   Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch   Thomas Dinges - J.P. Morgan   Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research   Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns   Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners   Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers   Jim Suva - Citigroup   Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets   Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder   Brian White - Jefferies   Scott Craig - Banc of America   Will Stein - Credit Suisse   Reik Read - Robert Baird & Company   Long Jiang - UBS   Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank   Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley   Andrew Huang - American Technology 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Celina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil's Fiscal Year 2007 Second Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.  Ms. Walters, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications, you may begin your conference. 
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO, Tim Main and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the Investor section, along with today’s press release and a slide show presentation on the quarter.  You can follow our presentation with the slides that are posted on the website, and if you could, please begin with the first slide, our forward-looking statements for the quarter.  During this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding our unaudited second quarter fiscal year 2007 net revenues and certain other financial measures, our currently expected third and fourth fiscal quarters of 2007 net revenues, core operating margins, and core earnings per share; as well as the acquisition of Taiwan Green Point; estimated capital expenditures for fiscal 2007; the anticipated outlook for certain aspects of our business and our long-term outlook for our company, our industry, our business sectors and our realignment of our manufacturing capacity and the related costs and timing.  These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the finalization of our fiscal year 2006 financial statements and the audit thereof and the finalization of our first and second quarter fiscal year 2007 financial statements and the review thereof; including those portions relating to our historical stock option grants; the results of the review of our past stock option grants being conducted by a Special Committee of our Board and governmental authorities and the review of our historical recognition of our revenue by our Audit Committee; the accuracy of the measurement dates we used for accounting purposes for our historical option grants and whether all proper corporate and other procedures were followed; the impact of the restatement of our financial statements and any other actions that may be taken or required as a result of any such reviews; risks and costs inherent in litigation, including any pending or future litigation relating to our stock option grants, the restatement of our financial statements as a result of the evaluation of our historical stock option practices and financial statements or declines on the price of our stock; whether or when we will realign our capacity and whether any such activity will adversely affect our cost structure, ability to service customers and labor relations; and our ability to successfully address the challenges associated with integrating our acquisition of Taiwan Green Point; our ability to take advantage of perceived benefits of offering customers vertically integrated services; changes in technology; competition; anticipated growth for us and our industry that may not occur; managing rapid growth; managing any rapid declines in customer demand that may occur; our ability to successfully consummate acquisitions; managing the integration of businesses we acquire; risks associated with international sales and operations; retaining key personnel; our dependence on a limited number of large customers; business and competitive factors generally affecting the electronic services industry, our customers and our business; other factors that we may not have currently identified or quantified; and other risks, relevant factors and uncertainties identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005, subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings.  Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  I would now like to turn the call over to Forbes Alexander, our Chief Financial Officer. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon. We regret that we are not in position to provide GAAP results and full financial statements at this time, as we await the completion of the ongoing review processes.  We shall be able to file our 2006 Form 10-K once our Board of Directors' Audit Committee has concluded the evaluation of historical financial statements. And Jabil's independent registered public accounting firm is able to complete its audit of the financial statements to be included in Form 10-K.  However, we are pleased to be able to provide full forward-looking guidance. The ongoing inquiries have reached at a stage where we are reasonably comfortable with the impact that it will have on the third and fourth quarters.  With that, I would like to ask you to turn to slide 2, please. Revenue for the fiscal second quarter of 2007 was at the high-end of our previous guidance at $2.935 billion. This includes revenues from our Taiwan Green Point acquisition for the period of 15th of January to 28th of February 2007 of approximately $59 million.  The quarter represented a 27% growth in revenue on a year-over-year basis and a 9% decline on a sequential basis, reflecting the seasonal nature of our consumer sector. Excluding Green Point revenues, our revenues declined 11% sequentially.  Now, I’ll ask you to turn to slide 3 and turning to a discussion of revenue by sector for the second quarter. Production levels in the automotive sector decreased 5% from the prior quarter, slightly better than expectations and consistent with the seasonal patterns of previous years.  The computing & storage sector decreased 5% from the first quarter, consistent with our expectations. The consumer product sector, including revenues associated with Taiwan Green Point, decreased by 31% from the first quarter, reflecting traditional, seasonally lower demand levels for consumer products.  While the overall sector met our expectations in terms of total revenue, we did experienced lower unit volumes offset by additional LCD panel flowing through the revenue stream.  The instrumentation & medical sector was better than our expectations and increased 4% from the first quarter. Networking sector increased by 1% from the previous quarter, and the peripherals sector was consistent with the first quarter as expected. And finally, the telecommunications sector increased 16% sequentially as production levels with a major customer recovered.  Our sector information for the quarter in percentage terms is as follows. To remind you, the consumer sector includes revenues associated with Taiwan Green Point. Automotive was 5%, computing & storage 12%, consumer 29%, instrumentation & medical 17%, networking 20%, peripherals 7%, telecom 5%, and other 5%.  On a year-over-year basis, we have added revenue in the quarter of $560 million with all segments, except consumer and telecom contributing to this growth. Over the last three fiscal years, we've seen an average of approximately 3% decline in revenues from our first fiscal quarter, reflecting the seasonal nature of the consumer sector.  For the first time, since our entry into the consumer sector, we've seen double-digit sequential declines in our overall revenues, which is more representative of our current revenue profile. Bringing along with it dilution for the operating income as a result of the semi-fixed nature of costs supporting the seasonal demand.  For the second quarter, two customers exceeded 10% of the revenue stream. Our top five customers, Cisco, Nokia, Hewlett-Packard, Philips, and IBM, accounted for approximately 51% of our revenue. And our top ten customers accounted for approximately 65%.  I'd now ask you to turn to slide 4, reviewing our balance sheet trends. Excluding Taiwan Green Point, the company's sales cycle in the quarter expanded by two days. An improvement in the level of days sales outstanding was offset by two additional days in inventory and a reduction in accounts payable days outstanding.  While inventory fell in dollar terms, days was at 48 days in the quarter or 7.4 turns. With the consolidation of Green Point, the sales cycle at the end of the second quarter was 29 days.  Cash and cash equivalents were $559 million as compared to $651 million at the end of the first quarter.  Current debt at the end of the second quarter totaled approximately $1 billion, as a result of drawing down approximately $870 million to fund the tender of Taiwan Green Point shares and draws of the combined companies' revolving credit facilities to fund operational activities.  Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $74 million.  Now I would like to take a moment to discuss some operational issues, restructuring, and our Taiwan acquisition.  Firstly, I know many of you have been inquiring as to the impact of the three operational execution issues we identified in June of 2006. Two of these items have been fully resolved. And the third, the electromechanical tooling capability, had a smaller impact on our second fiscal quarter and is expected to continue to decline in importance in our future quarters.  With regards to restructuring, during the second quarter we continued to manage our overall rationalization plan, consistent to our previous comments. We continue to expect our total restructuring charges to be at the high end of the $200 million to $250 million range we have previously announced.  The cash costs of such charges for this plan remain an estimate in the range of $150 million to $200 million. Discussions with our employees and their representatives continue, and we are complying with all the statutory and consultation periods required of us.  With regards to capacity, as we've previously discussed we are adding additional floor space and capacity in Poland, Ukraine and India. These facilities are expected to ramp production levels during the balance of calendar 2007. We continue to ramp significantly higher levels of production in our existing Chinese sites.  Our investments in fiscal 2007 are expected to be related to the above locations and existing plants, where we see increasing levels of production. An estimate of capital expenditures remains in the range of $200 million to $250 million for the fiscal year.  With regards to the Green Point acquisition, on January 15, 2007, shareholders controlling over 97% of Taiwan Green Point shares tendered their shares. The minority interest shares will be repurchased with finalization of the acquisition, which we expect to close during the last week of April 2007, subject to the timing of the government approvals.  Our transition plans have been running smoothly, and we continue to see very bright prospects for this new part of our service offering for the consumer sector.  As of January 15th, we drew down approximately $870 million from our bridge facility to fund the tender. The balance of this facility shall be drawn down upon purchase of the minority shares in late April.  In addition, as of January 15th, Taiwan Green Point's results have been consolidated with those of Jabil's for U.S. GAAP reporting purposes, excluding the minority interest element.  Now let's turn to business update. I will ask you to turn to slide 5. Third quarter of fiscal 2007 shorter term revenue guidance continues to reflect a more muted view of end market growth, along with our deliberate and disciplined actions in pricing. This allows us to move towards our targeted operating income levels over the course of the next two to three quarters.  I would like to remind you all that comments with regards to our guidance for future periods, reflect the consolidation of Jabil and Taiwan Green Point. We estimate revenues in our third fiscal quarter of 2007 to be in a range of $2.9 billion to $3 billion, consistent at the midpoint of this range with our second fiscal quarter.  Our core operating income is expected to be in the range of 2.5% to 3%. Our core earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.17 to $0.23. This reflects higher levels of interest expense associated with the acquisition of Taiwan Green Point and utilization of the revolvers to fund the working capital needs during the quarter.  Now I'd ask you to turn to slide 6, discussing revenue by sector for the third quarter. Our automotive sector is expected to increase by approximately 5% for the quarter. Computing & storage sector is estimated to be consistent with the second quarter. The consumer sector is expected to decrease by approximately 10%, reflecting the timing of product transitions set in consumer products offset by revenues associated with the Green Point acquisition.  The instrumentation & medical sector is estimated to be consistent to slightly better than the previous quarter. The networking sector is expected to increase by approximately 7% from the first quarter, reflecting the award of new assemblies within the sector.  The peripheral sector is estimated to increase by 15% in our second quarter reflecting new business awards with existing customers. And the telecom sector is estimated to be consistent to slightly better in the second quarter.  Now, I'd ask you to turn to slide 7. Our current estimates for revenue guidance for the fourth quarter are consistent with those of the third. That is a range of $2.9 billion to $3 billion.  This guidance shows the revenue growth for the fiscal year 2007 at a range of 17% to 18% including revenues from our Green Point acquisition in the fiscal year. Green Point's revenue is estimated to be in the range of 4% to 6% of the second half of the year's revenue guidance.  We now estimate our revenues to be split as follows across the industry sectors we serve. I'd remind you that the consumer sector does include revenues associated with Taiwan Green Point. The automotive sector 5%, computing & storage 11%, consumer 29%, instrumentation & medical 17%, networking 20%, peripherals 8%, telecom 5%, and the other sector 5%.  Core operating income for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of 3.25% to 3.75% of revenue, with core earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.34.  While it is too early to provide you with specific guidance for fiscal 2008, we are optimistic that revenue growth will be strong. We have won new business in the storage, automotive, peripherals, instrumentation and networking sectors, all anticipated to ramp over the course of the next three quarters.  I'd like to remind you that our short-term revenue guidance does reflect a somewhat more muted view of the end-market growth along with our deliberate and disciplined actions in pricing, allowing us to move towards our targeted operating income levels over the course of the next two to three quarters.  Thank you. And now I'd like to hand the call over to Tim Main. 
Tim Main: Thanks, Forbes. There are a few areas I would like to cover before we go to Q&A. I will provide some color on the overall end-market demand, Jabil's growth profile short- and long-term, as well as our anticipated margin profile.  Overall, end-market demand for most of our sectors is relatively weak when compared to previous quarters. However, I think we're now entering a period of relative stability and are at a somewhat lower risk of significant further erosion.  I believe my comments to be consistent with the economic press in recent weeks. There was a discernible slowdown in demand in late 2006, but I am now actually feeling better about our prospects for the balance of 2007.  Jabil's growth over the next two quarters will be below our previous expectations, principally due to a few isolated factors within our consumer sector. Revenue in our consumer sector is expected to decline sequentially for the balance of 2007. There are several reasons for this.  One, we're positioned with one of our largest customers in one of their weakest product areas.  Two, we're transitioning our business model with two large customers in this sector. We're moving to a more product development based relationship with one customer and with another customer from our historical horizontal supply chain strategy to a more vertical solution integrated with our recent acquisition.  Three, we are committed to margin expansion and are exercising tighter pricing discipline, exiting areas with poor returns, and targeting areas in the sector that align well with our value proposition and the needs of our customers.  In the short term, the impact of our actions in the consumer sector will inhibit our overall revenues growth for the next two quarters. This transition in our consumer sector will conceal strong growth in the balance of our business.  Excluding the revenue impact of certain top five customers in our consumer sector, and excluding Green Point, revenue in the balance of our business is expected to increase approximately 17% in the second half of '07 over the second half of '06.  We also expect the profitability of this additional revenue to be at or above our targeted long-term profitability objectives.  Additionally, we have been awarded sizeable new business wins in the networking, automotive, storage, instrumentation, and peripherals segments. This is a mix of significant market share gains with existing customers, as well as new customers to Jabil.  Revenue contribution from these new business wins will become increasingly material in fiscal 2008.  As we transition the business mix of our consumer sector, our operating margin expansion will be a bit slower than desired due to lower operating leverage. However, if end market demand remains stable, we expect our margins to recover sequentially over the next two quarters.  This is an important point. We also expect revenue in the consumer sector to rebound and regain growth as we exit fiscal 2007 and move into 2008.  We anticipate our business relationships to expand, and our business volume to grow with all of our present top five customers. In fact, we've recently been awarded new programs with all of our top five customers in the consumer sector, including vertical integration wins with our recent acquisition of Green Point.  In summary, we are in an excellent position to grow profitably with a wide range of customers over the long term. 
Beth Walters: Operator, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Lou Miscioscia. 
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Yes, thank you. It's Lou Miscioscia from Cowen and Company. I guess, Tim, when you look back over the last four quarters, can you sort of sum up maybe what's going on under the covers? Do you think with the option situation maybe it took some focus off of things? Or do you think that given such incredible revenue growth rates over fiscal ‘06 that you just grew too fast? Is there anything that you could try to pinpoint for the operational issues of last May and the last couple of quarters and obviously here now too? 
Tim Main: Well, I think it's important to distinguish between things that happened in late ‘06 and things that are happening now. We’ve put the operational execution issues pretty much to bed, the issues that we identified last year. The option enquiry and the overhang on the company, I can't argue that it hasn’t been a distraction for management, but I think we are doing a relatively good job of working through it.  The current margin issues are, as I explained, we will expand margins. We will exit areas that are unprofitable for the business. We will target profitable pockets of revenue in the consumer segment. We will be successful doing it. We are successful doing it and we are still growing.  So, when I kind of look at those issues, I think that over the last few quarters, we seem to have a recurring one-time issue that we've talked about. I think those are behind us. I think we have our arms around the business. And, I think we'll be able to grow revenue and the margins from here. 
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay. One quick follow-up. Historically, obviously you are trying to pin top-line growth at 20%. Do you think that just getting maybe to the law of large numbers here, it’s more likely going to be a 10% to 20% or 15% kind of top-line growth expectations, just long-term company goals? 
Tim Main: No, and I'm sure I'll be criticized for not backing off of a 20% top-line growth rate, but I think that there is ample opportunity in the marketplace to do that. Were it not for the transition in our consumer sector, we would be able to do almost 20% in an environment where our market growth is just terrible.  And I think if we were to put up a 17% year-over-year revenue growth rate, which is what we're growing excluding Green Point. And excluding the pockets of issues that we have in the consumer segment, that’s what we would have. So, there is plenty of opportunity in the marketplace for us to grow. 
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay. Good luck turning things around. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg with William Blair. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Forbes, I think you guys said that you are expecting sequential operating margin improvement over the next couple of quarters. So, does that mean we can infer that the operating margin guidance for Q3 is up sequentially over what things look like to you in the quarter that just ended? 
Forbes Alexander: I am sorry, Jeff, I can't comment on that. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about the timing of when the transition in the consumer business came about? And maybe just looking at the overall effect of the fact that we can now assume that the margins for the second half are no longer affected by the operational issues and what the margin effect is of this transition specifically? And a little bit more color about the connection between that transition and your commentary about you needing to take more disciplined pricing stance? 
Tim Main: The timing of the transition of the consumer segment -- things happen relatively quickly in that marketplace. We've been making long-term investment decisions. That’s where our acquisition of Green Point comes into play. So, I think short term, it will inhibit our revenue growth. Longer term will be very good for the business. And I think we will experience a lot of growth in the segment in both our mobile product areas as well as our home electronics area.  In terms of where things are and in terms of operational execution issues, again, I think those are relatively understood and we are looking more in the rearview mirror at those types of issues. So, going forward in terms of margin expansion, we'll have operating leverage from continuing revenue growth and a more favorable mix of business. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. And I guess my last question is, Tim, you've talked about a target margin and returning to that, but can you quantify what that number is in your mind today? 
Tim Main: We are still at a targeted operating margin of 5%, and we are a little bit farther away from that than where we would want to be at this point. But I think we’ll see sequential improvement in our margins from here on now. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Can you hear me? 
Beth Walters: Yes, we can hear you. 
Forbes Alexander: Yes. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. A couple of questions. First of all, can you comment at all on the revenue recognition issue? 
Tim Main: No, we can't. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I’ll try another one. You mentioned a weak product with one of the largest customers. Can you describe what kind of product that was? 
Tim Main: No. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I'll try one more, Tim. Not to be the first to criticize you on the 20% goal, but if you look at your comment around pricing discipline, I am interpreting that to mean that you have others in the industry pricing irresponsibly which makes it harder to grow. Can you sort of comment on what the industry dynamics are like and whether that conclusion is accurate? 
Tim Main: That comment was directed specifically at the consumer electronics segment. We are talking about our transition of two very large customers to essentially what is a different business model. In one case it is to a more vertically integrated model where the value proposition is much better for us. We have to find the right opportunities with those customers. We awarded new programs and have rolled those into the revenue stream.  The other customer, we're moving to a more product development focus and product platform focus relationship. Again, that means we are exiting some of the unprofitable EMS areas and moving into areas where there is much more collaborative design and a much richer value proposition for Jabil. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: So, you're saying this is just a shift of your own strategy with those customers, not necessarily something that was brought on or forced by the competition? 
Tim Main: That’s actually correct, yes. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Dinges with J.P. Morgan. 
Thomas Dinges - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Tim, just another one for you on the consumer side to help me understand this a little bit better. If you look at the delta between where you guys are putting revenue over the next couple of quarters relative to where you expect it to be, you talked about several different factors. Can you quantify as best you can, which one of these was the most impactful?  It's the transition of business that you talked about, the pricing discipline and/or the end-market demand. Because especially in the end-market demand side, the earlier commentary was that it's weaker than we expected. And then I think the word you used to describe it was terrible. So, a little bit of help there would be great. And then I will have a quick follow-up for Forbes. 
Tim Main: I don’t think I can quantify the three issues. I think generally -- 
Thomas Dinges - J.P. Morgan: Maybe just which one is probably a bigger factor in your mind right now over the next couple of quarters would help. 
Tim Main: Over the next couple of quarters, I would say the transition to a vertically integrated model with one of our top five customers in that area is probably more significant. Over that in the second half of '07, we'll have a decline year-over-year of a fairly significant level. And again, I think that is masking or concealing the fact that in the balance of our business, we will have approximately 17% growth.  So longer term, we are moving the business to what we think is a more stable platform, better value proposition for our customers in the consumer segment with a much more stable stream of products and programs for us.  And in the balance of our business when we look at peripherals, computing, storage, automotive, networking, we are winning big deals. That part of the business is growing very, very well. So, I don't want to sound pollyannaish, but we have 2.5% to 3% margins next quarter, 3.25% to 3.75% in Q4, and I think we will continue to see sequential improvement from there.  And so I think we are doing the right things with the business and I think that's what investors in a long term want. 
Thomas Dinges - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then, Forbes, just a quick one for you on the cash cycle. As you said, inventory was an impact, payables was an impact, but maybe just a bit of a longer-term question if you are willing to go there. You look at it year-on-year, up almost 50% in terms of days. I think you have probably reached an all-time low at that point. But where do you think this settles out as you look out a little bit further considering acquisition of Green Point and some of the transitions in the business that you guys are doing? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, longer term, I think that the sales cycle in the low 20s is a reasonable target. As you pointed out, the acquisition of Taiwan Green Point offers us some opportunities there to facilitate a reduction in working capital to bring some of our metrics and systems to their operations.  So, I think there is a good opportunity there. We are working hard in terms of opportunity around our inventory levels and getting those where we want them to. So, I think a reasonable level is in the low 20s as we look forward over the next two to three quarters. 
Thomas Dinges - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you. 
Forbes Alexander: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi, good evening. First question is just on Taiwan Green Point, is it safe to assume that the EBIT margins in the business are still in north of 10%? 
Tim Main: We will not be providing margin information on Green Point. We are not going to break that out. I will say though that we have been very pleased with the performance of Green Point for a very short time, brief time that we have had a majority interest. We are very excited about the business. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. And secondly maybe just a different way if we can potentially talk about margins. The last known EBIT margin data point we had was at 3.6% in May of '06. With most of the operational issues behind you at this point in time, it sounds like if you could maybe segment out what is leading to the decline year-over-year in EBIT margins? Where the biggest chunks of margin degradation are coming from, and that way we can get an idea of how to model the rebound? 
Tim Main: It's really a function of much lower revenue in these quarters than we expected. I mean, you need to listen to that part of the story here. We are transitioning the consumer segment. The consumer segment is going to sequentially decline in fiscal Q3 and Q4 as we have indicated in this call, whereas the typical seasonal pattern would be sequentially up from our Q2.  The last known data point was 3.6%. You are saying it is 3.6% in fiscal Q3 of '06. I think we have done as much as we can over the last couple of quarters to give investors an idea about where we are. Certainly, our EBIT margins are lower than where we would like them to be. But with the operating leverage being much, much lower given our lower revenue stream, it's a big challenge for us to have 3.5% to 4% margins at this point.  I think, given the guidance we have given you looking at fiscal Q4, the 3.25% to 3.75% range, we will be showing demonstrable progression to our previous levels. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Is there a revenue level that we should look for Jabil to achieve to get back to a 4% operating margin? 
Tim Main: If we hit this level we will get to 4%. But I think that once we get above $3 billion, it will be much, much easier for us to get closer to that level. I would say by the time we get to a $3.2 billion or $3.4 billion level, we should be there controlling for all of the other things in the business that might or might not go wrong. But based on the portfolio of business we have and the growth we are seeing, I need to emphasize two things. One is, again, the rest of our business is growing at 17%, excluding Green Point and excluding the consumer segment.  We do expect that we are not losing a customer in the consumer segment. It's not happening. We've been awarded new programs and we expect our inflection point in the consumer segment to occur over the next couple of quarters. And we will see a rebound in growth there. So, that will be good too. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Alright, thanks a lot. 
Tim Main: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kessel with Bear Stearns. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Can you guys just give us a little bit of detail in terms of what is left to still accomplish in Europe in terms of the restructuring? What has maybe been closed to date and what you still plan to close, or what you still plan to do? 
Forbes Alexander: Kevin, I can't talk to what is going on there out of respect for our employees and discussions going on with our employees' representatives. I can tell you that we are probably about halfway through our plans in Europe with certain facilities. Discussion is ongoing and announcements have been made in Italy, in Belgium and in Scotland, and I believe in our facility in Ireland. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then, could you just remind us in terms of the cost savings, because as I recall, the cost savings were originally expected to help in the second half of this fiscal year. Have they been pushed out at all, or are they part of the margin recovery? 
Forbes Alexander: They are part of our margin recovery, Kevin. As I said, we are on track with our restructuring activity. And over the back half of the period, we are giving guidance deciding probably somewhere in the region of 25 to 30 basis points as we see that costs leaving our manufacturing and SG&A cost base. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: That would be in the second half of this fiscal year? 
Forbes Alexander: That's correct, within the period that we have given guidance till today. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: And is there any additional that would be expected for fiscal '08 or not? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, there will be and that very much depends upon the continuing negotiations and discussions across our various sites. But, we certainly expect to see somewhere in the region of another 20 to 30 basis point improvement during fiscal '08. It is a little bit difficult at this time to pin that at an exact quarter for you. Again, it really depends upon the discussions underway. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Lastly, could you address the inventory? I think you said that dollars were down in the quarter. But can you address, where you kind of see it now for Jabil and where you can imagine you can get it to in turns, for example, over the next couple of quarters? 
Forbes Alexander: Sure yes. Inventory was down in terms of dollars, remembering also that it does include the acquisition of Taiwan Green Point. So, we did consolidate their full inventory balance at the end of the quarter also. So, overall we are taking that down.  In terms of overall turns, certainly the next milestone is of course to get it back to eight during the next quarter, and a little bit beyond that. And certainly as we move into fiscal 2008, drive that towards nine turns. We have got a number of planning processes and activities in place and we're certainly driving hard towards that. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, thanks. I'd like to go back to that issue of your consumer revenue guidance, the one area where you talked about the transition from volume to product development focus. Is that where you are losing most of the revenue and is that a conscious decision on your part or are there any share issues there? 
Tim Main: Again, we're not quantifying the three elements that I mentioned. Moving from an EMS model to more of a product development based model is something that is reflective of the overall industry in that sector. In terms of share, I think that plays very, very little in that particular relationship. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And you talked about gaining share or gaining wins with all of your top five customers. So, you're not telling us that you're losing share significantly with any of those customers, right? 
Tim Main: We're saying that we're not losing any customers in the top five. And in fact, we've been awarded new programs with all of our top five customers. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And you talked about seeing sequential gains in operating margin over the next couple of quarters, getting to around 3.75. Is it still within reach of getting to 4% by the end of calendar '07 then? 
Tim Main: We'll provide guidance for fiscal Q1 of '08 in a quarter or two, depending on how things go. We do expect continued growth and with top line growing and getting additional operating leverage, I think we will continue to move to that 4% range. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And Forbes earlier talked about the capacity expansion plans still being on track. So you haven't backed off of that despite the slower revenue growth. Is that right? 
Forbes Alexander: That's correct. Yeah. I mean we are continuing to see expanding revenues streams across in my comments related to our Chinese operation. And we continue to see demand profile for Philippines and Ukraine. We are adding capacity in Poland and it's doing very nicely. So yeah, things are looking good in those regions. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And just lastly, could you remind us, Forbes, what the interest rate on that bridge loan is? 
Forbes Alexander: I don't have it exactly at hand, but it’s approximately 6.5%, I believe. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the Yuri Krapivin with Lehman Brothers. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon, everybody. Another question on operating margins, maybe you can indicate to us what the operating margin would have been for Q3 and Q4 if you exclude the consumer business? Is it possible to indicate that to us? 
Tim Main: I don't know if that's possible. I don't have the numbers in front of me. So, I don't want to speculate. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. But is it fair to say that other segments are performing more or less in line with your exceptions, margin wise? 
Tim Main: I think that's fair, and I did make a statement in my prepared remarks. And I’ll reiterate it that the 17% growth we are pursuing in the balance of our business is part of our business, which is not consumer or not Green Point. 17% growth in the second half of '07 over '06 is at or above our long-term profitability objectives. So, that's a very good business, consistent with what's going on with many other sectors. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Right. You mentioned you had two 10% customers, can you name them? 
Tim Main: We named our top five. And -- 
Forbes Alexander: Bear with me and I will get those for you. That would be Cisco and Nokia. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then my last question is on free cash flow. Based on your comments about cash cycle and based on your cash balances, it appears that you've generated negative free cash flow for the first half of fiscal ‘07. What’s your expectation for the second half? 
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, I think, for the second half, you’ll see us generate positive cash flow, particularly in terms of the guidance we've given here in terms of the range of EPS. And also we should start to see continued improvement in our inventory levels and reduction of working capital levels. So, I think there’s a very good opportunity for positive cash flow, and we expect that in each of our third and fourth fiscal quarter. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And lastly, Forbes, can you indicate what kind of restructuring expense have you incurred to date out of this $200 to $250 million? 
Forbes Alexander: I don’t have that number at hand. I think certainly in the fourth fiscal quarter of last year we did make filings that indicated we've incurred about $84 million. So, certainly, I can tell you it's that much. And looking forward, our GAAP guidance anticipates a restructuring the range of $45 million to $60 million on a pre-tax basis. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva from Citigroup. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great, thank you very much. Tim, last time you were very blunt about returning component of operating margins of 4% to 5% in the next few quarters. And even with Taiwan Green Point who had, as you stated, about 11% operating margins. It appears that the 4% to 5% in the next couple of quarters as you detailed is not going to happen. I appreciate your color on the lower volumes and exiting the lower profitable work. I wonder was this structural change all brought about in the last couple of quarters, or have you been thinking about it for quite sometime? 
Tim Main: It sounds like a psychological question to me. I don’t want to be flippant with you, but this is the best information we have at this point. Our margin recovery is a bit slower than what we would have liked. I think I've gone through the reasons why we are faced with a little bit slower margin progression with Q4 being in the 3.25 to 3.75 range, and expected additional operating leverage from growing revenue.  And I think there is very ample evidence that revenue outside of the consumer segment is growing very well. We feel very confident about getting our margins sequentially improving and continuing to sequentially improve as we get into fiscal '08. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. But with revenues actually being up year-over-year and margins and EPS both being down year-over-year, is it attributed to your strategy shift then, because you mentioned the operational issues are resolved. Is that the best way to think of it? 
Tim Main: There are a lot of factors and I appreciate that it has been difficult, particularly without the benefit of historical financial statements. But also remember in fiscal '07, we went through a lean initiative with a customer that added a lot of material based revenue to our company. Forbes talked about a mix in the consumer segment being more material intensive.  We've ended up with more material intensiveness in our business than we've ever anticipated. And that’s not necessarily a bad thing, because we are providing valuable services to customers. We will be able to take those revenue streams and improve their profitability going forward and I have every expectation that we will.  So, that’s been happening and there is a lack of revenue leverage, operating leverage. Because of the revenue means, we have quite a bit of infrastructure in place. We are $200 million to $300 million short of revenue in order to adequately provide for the infrastructure that we have. So, we are little bit heavy there, and I think we will grow our way out of that over the next couple of quarters. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thanks for the details. As a quick follow-up, Taiwan Green Point, if you exclude the revenues for year-over-year, does it now look like your full year will be up approximately 15%, is that math about right? 
Forbes Alexander: That’s about right, Jim. Yeah. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. Well, thank you and last question. Philips used to be greater than 10%, now it's not. And I noted the contract renewal was set for around November. Is it fair to say they are still an important customer and growing? Are we seeing them as, I guess, just being outgrown by others as opposed to losing? 
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. Jim, as I said earlier, Philips is one of our top five customers, a very, very important customer to Jabil. I would point out while Philips is not a 10% customer in this fiscal quarter; this is the seasonal low for the consumer. In case, if you go back, I think, last quarter, we had indicated they were a 10% customer.  So, again, don’t read into my comment that Philips is not a 10% customer in this quarter. Don’t read that there is any loss of revenue, a material loss of revenue or deterioration in the relationship. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. 
Forbes Alexander: Very important customer and one of our top five. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thank you for clarifying that. I think that was very important. Thank you everyone. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Forbes, just a quick question. Under purchase accounting, did you have to mark-to -market any of the TGPs or work-in-progress? And if so, how much of an impact did that have on your margins? 
Forbes Alexander: No, we did not. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: You did not. All right. And how much of an incremental headwind did you have from a legal and audit expenses this quarter. 
Forbes Alexander: In this quarter, I believe we spent approximately $3 million. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: And just kind of going back to the margin question. Next quarter, we are looking about 2.75%, that's still 125 basis below the long term target. I know you've talked about the buckets that can get us to 4%. Could you just quantify which is the most important bucket and talk about the three or four variables there? 
Tim Main: Revenue is the most important factor. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And what about the transitions on the consumer segment, does that play on the margin side or is that just more of a revenue driver? 
Tim Main: That's costing us a little bit, but I think the most important thing is to get the new product platforms that we've been awarded into the revenue stream, continue to build that capability, continue to build our vertical solution and the other parts of our business in that sector and continue to grow. And we have concrete evidence and visibility that that's going to take place at this point. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then -- 
Tim Main: What we need really is just to grow the revenue stream. And the thing that gives me very, very good confidence about that is that the rest of our business is growing well, and we are winning new customers and winning market share with existing customers. And, we'll go through this process and start to rebuild our business in consumer and get the revenue and the top-line growing again. We will get the margins up as a result. 
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Hi, good afternoon. Tim, am I correct that we don't have any numbers for the first and second quarter earnings? 
Tim Main: That's correct. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So, we're in a curious situation here in which we have guidance for the third and fourth quarter, but no actual numbers for the first and second. Is that the way it is? 
Forbes Alexander: Alex, this is Forbes. Yeah, it is. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Can you give us any guidance for the first and second quarters? 
Forbes Alexander: No, we can't. I'm sorry. 
Tim Main: That's a nice plan. I think we will try that on our various advisors in the legal and accounting community. 
Forbes Alexander: Alex, we've reached a stage in the ongoing inquiries where our Board, the Audit Committee, and the various counsel and committees that are reviewing these matters are reasonably comfortable with the impact that they may have on the third and the fourth quarter. Given that, we've been able to give you some forward-looking guidance. And ultimately, once we conclude these reviews, we will be able to file our 10-K and quickly thereafter our second quarter Q. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. I guess from a legal point of view because you have already completed the first and the second quarter and they are in the past and you can't say anything about them, very curious.  I think the second question is, it's sort of been asked before, but not exactly. To get to the 5% ultimate target for operating margins, what would be the components of gross margin and operating expense as a percent of sales? 
Tim Main: It depends on the revenue mix and a lot of other variables. I think that as we continue to grow revenue depending on how large consumer and higher material intensive industries that we play in for us to get to that 5%, is going to take additional revenue operating leverage and SG&A expenses in the low 3s, high 2s. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: In what? 
Tim Main: Low 3s, high 2s. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: On the OpEx side. 
Tim Main: That's correct. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: And what about the 4% figure? 
Forbes Alexander: Alex, Tim was referring to the SG&A number. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Yes, I know. But to get to 4%, what do you need there? 
Tim Main: It could be 100 basis points less. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: On the gross margin? 
Tim Main: Yes. We are not indicating on gross margin. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Alright. Well, if you get 4% and 3% OpEx, that's 7%. Or if you get 5% and 3%, that's 8%. So that's what I am trying to get at. Okay. And finally given what's happened in the consumer sector, and the fact that you are growing 17% in everything else? Looking ahead from a marketing standpoint and from a utilization of scarce resources standpoint, would you necessarily deemphasize consumer and seek to get business other than consumer to any degree compared with the past? 
Tim Main: Alex, we believe that a diversified portfolio of growth opportunities is best for our company. We believe that maximizing our exposure to industries that are going through a process of vertical to virtual outsourcing is important for us. We think the consumer electronics today is built principally, vertically integrated. We think we have an excellent value proposition for them. We have very significant resources and a good management team to pursue consumer electronics segment as well as pursue instrumentation and medical segments. And so we have no intention at all to pull away or exit consumer electronics.  We think that our business in consumer electronics meet our long-term profitability objectives. And to be a contributing, accretive part of our business mix, we need to have solutions that are different than what we have had two, three or four years ago. Part of that includes vertical integration, particularly in our mobile communications segment. And part of that includes additional reliance on our product development capabilities, which I think are very strong and have expanded it to three or four different customers.  Some of them are very, very big customers. They are some of the largest home electronic OEMs in the world today. We do business with them on the basis of significant product development content. And so that segment will not behave the same way in terms of relationship style and engagement style. As customers in instrumentation, medical, industrial controls and others are very well supported and developed using our historical business unit model and EMS operating style.  So, we are seeing a change in our business in consumer electronics and some of the very higher volume commoditized industries. We are employing a different type of solution in order to gain business and build business relationships that we think will be profitable for us long term and deliver the type of profitability that we think will be accretive to the business overall.  At the same time, we will be pursuing these vertically integrated industries such as medical and instrumentation that provide us very good opportunities to grow profitably on the basis of a typical EMS model. 
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, thank you. 
Tim Main: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian White with Jefferies. 
Brian White - Jefferies: Okay. Tim, when you talk about the vertical integration in the mobile business, when is that exactly going to hit? When are you going to start providing that service and what percent of your existing business will you move to vertical with the casing business? 
Tim Main: I think eventually, particularly in mobile communications, most of our business will end up being vertically integrated. The process has already started. I mentioned in my comments that we've already been awarded programs on a vertically integrated basis through our Taiwan Green Point acquisition. And I think, we will continue to see that.  Over the next couple of years, I would say, we will see more and more of our business transitioning in that direction. I would say by the end of fiscal '08, I would expect that most of our mobile communications business will be on a vertical basis. 
Brian White - Jefferies: Okay. And then when you talk about product development, can you just define exactly what you are going to be doing there? Is that ODM, JDM, you will also do some volume production or maybe just breakdown what you're going to be doing there? 
Forbes Alexander: I think it will be primarily collaborative joint. I think that's what you mean by JDM. 
Brian White - Jefferies: Yes. 
Forbes Alexander: We call that CDM, but we both, I think, get the point. In some cases, the customers would be providing screen technology and some firmware, software technology. Jabil will be the primary provider of mechanical design, electronic hardware design, and then the full system integration and test of the product and volume. 
Brian White - Jefferies: And just finally, if we look out over the next 12 to 18 months, what market are you most excited about in terms of outsourcing wins, in terms of end markets? You mentioned a few, but what are you most excited about? 
Tim Main: I don't know what I'm most excited about any of the segments. I think that in terms of dollar revenue, consumer electronics represents the largest overall opportunity for the company. But we are seeing very good wins and very attractive wins in storage. Our peripherals segment is growing again and I think we have an excellent solution there. Our automotive segment, I think will recommence a growth profile, particularly in '08.  And, the medical instrumentation will continue to grow, but defense and aerospace is an area that I think will start actually to be material to our business. And by material I don't mean 20% customers. I am not trying to portend some giant win that we'll have. But we've been steadily building a defense and aerospace business over the last couple of years. And I think that could actually move the needle a little bit for us in fiscal '08. 
Brian White - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. 
Tim Main: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Craig with Banc of America. 
Scott Craig - Banc of America: Hey, good afternoon. I have a quick question with regards to the Lean initiative. You discussed a little bit about the impact on the margins and what happens with inventory and stuffs like that. But there is a positive revenue impact if I remember correctly. Can you quantify that on a year-over-year basis, Forbes? How much the accounting change there adds to your top line? 
Forbes Alexander: Scott, I can't quantify it exactly. But previously we had indicated on a year-over-year basis, we expected that to be around $600 million, so $800 million in total for the year. If I remember, there was $200 million or thereabout in fiscal '06, so $600 million incrementally. 
Scott Craig - Banc of America: Okay. That's it for me. I am sorry and just on the tax rate, I know it's tough to discuss some of the stuff, but is there any change or should we think about any changes to the tax rate now that you have pulled the Taiwan Green Point into the equation? 
Forbes Alexander: Not at this point, I will continue to use 16% at the moment. 
Scott Craig - Banc of America: 16%. Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Will Stein with Credit Suisse. 
Will Stein - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Forbes, can you go over the CapEx guidance? I'm not sure I understood. I thought I saw $200 million for the year, which appears to be very low given what we've seen in the first two quarters? Is that right? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, $250 million is reasonable based on our current expectation. In some of the front portion of the year, I've included some initial construction costs that have gone up in the sites I mentioned. The first half of the year is approximately at about $140 million or thereabout, but $250 million -- 
Will Stein - Credit Suisse: So that is right. We haven't seen CapEx that low since early '04. That's interesting. 
Forbes Alexander: In the last two- or three-year period, we have been putting a lot of that real estate up, if you will, with additions throughout China and ongoing additions in Eastern Europe. While this year, we are putting up a facility in India, we're actually leasing a facility in the Ukraine and some expansion in Poland. It's somewhat less than in previous years. 
Will Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Tim, I'm wondering if you can comment about any vertical integration, either more of a design activity or component integration outside of the consumer end-market? 
Tim Main: In terms of product development, product development has been a part of our business for a long time. And in terms of historical approach and collaborative design, that’s still ongoing. And it's very important in our storage segment and to many customers across the board. It gets to a much higher level of integration, design integration capability in the consumer segment. So I’d characterize it that way. The capability continues to grow within Jabil and continues to be an important part of our value proposition for many customers. But when we get into the consumer segment, we are really talking about doing more of a complete product design. 
Will Stein - Credit Suisse: And is there anything in Taiwan Green Point that could be leveraged to any of the other segment or is that really strictly for the consumer electronics market? 
Tim Main: Yeah. I think they have capabilities that could be leveraged in other segments. I think we will focus on the cross-selling opportunities that are most apparent and most urgent in the beginning. It's a great company with tremendous capability. But they have a limited amount of bandwidth to go pursue many, many opportunities at once.  We're going to try and make sure that we continue to support Green Point customers in the same excellent fashion as Green Point supported them over the last 15 years. And that would be priority one. Priority two will be cross-selling opportunities between Jabil’s customers and Green Point customers. We've seen some positive progress already there. And then priority three will be kind of expanding global footprint. Four will be where else we can go with that capability. 
Will Stein - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: You next question comes from Reik Read with Robert Baird & Company. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Company: Hi. You guys have mentioned a couple of times on the call that margin improvement will really be predicated on revenue improvement. But you have flat revenue third quarter to first quarter and yet you have the margins going up. Can you comment on what the factors are there? Is that mix plus Europe and are there some other things as well? 
Tim Main: Yeah, there is some mix there and the Europe rationalization is also helping. When we, Forbes and I, were talking about, it was about margin being reliant on revenue growth. That was in response to questions around how do you get to 4, and then how do you get above 4. And how do you get up to 5?  And really getting to 4 and above and approaching 5 is based on the current mix of business. It is probably a revenue growth factor and will be the dominant need that we have to get to 4 and above. But in terms of the margin progression over the next couple of quarters, yeah, there is a more favorable mix there. There is the European rationalization and other vicissitudes in the business that we've been gaining. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Company: Okay. And then, Tim, can you just give us a comment on the businesses that you're looking to exit? Can you give us a sense for how much business that might be and an example of what areas that might be in? 
Tim Main: Yeah. I don’t want to give you any examples. But if you look at Q3 and Q4, our revenue levels are several $100 million per quarter less than what we had originally planned. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Company: Okay. 
Tim Main: I would to give you an idea about magnitude of what we are talking about. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Company: Okay. And then just a last question on the guidance here with EPS. Understanding that you're prohibited from giving us the past but now what you're giving us guidance in terms of EPS, are you going to be able to report against that in the future? 
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. As soon as we have been cleared to file our 10-K and sequentially it would be our restatement 10-K, our Q1 and Q2. And yes, the sequential problem we’ve to follow. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Company: So, if you can't do that, the expectation should be that you will just continue to report revenue and then provide EPS guidance? 
Forbes Alexander: That’s correct assuming all conditions being constant today, yes. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Company: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Long Jiang with UBS. 
Long Jiang - UBS: Yes, Hi. I have a question about the consumer business, about the vertical integration. And do you think that would be limited to the electromechanical casing business of Taiwan Green Point? Or do you think that you are required to expand into other vertical areas of the consumer business? 
Tim Main: I don’t think we will be required to do other areas to be successful on the short term. I think long term, we may elect to engage in other areas. But I don’t think that they would require us to acquire another business. 
Long Jiang - UBS: Okay. And also you commented about, you expect to have substantial part of your consumer business to be vertically integrated a year from now. Now, in terms of your design capability, do you think that you need to make additional investment in order to beef up your design capabilities so that you can facilitate vertical integration for your consumer business? 
Tim Main: I don’t think that we need to. We are making additional investments in our design capability. We are actually struggling to keep up with the amount of demand that we have on the product development front. It's called the home electronics consumer segment. And our vertical integration is with our comments about being primarily vertically integrated by the end of fiscal '08 was primarily directed to the mobile communications area. 
Long Jiang - UBS: Okay. And can you comment about the EPS impact from Taiwan Green Point embedded in your 3Q guidance? 
Forbes Alexander: We are not going to break that out on a go-forward basis. So, we're going to be reporting consolidated numbers. 
Long Jiang - UBS: But can you at least provide some color in terms of how to think about the profitability levels of Taiwan Green Point, because you pay 14 times earnings for that business? And I guess, it would be useful for us to keep track of the performance of that business unit. 
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. When we announced the acquisition, I think we talked about the publicly traded company on the Taiwanese Stock Exchange. Their numbers are publicly available. On a US GAAP adjusted basis, I think we've talked about operating levels or income levels of round about 11%. So, clearly incremental to our revenue stream on a go-forward basis. But we don’t intend to break that out quarter-by-quarter. 
Tim Main: Just to refresh you though, I think we've said we expect it to be neutral in '07 and to be accretive in '08. And we are very pleased with the progress of the business. 
Long Jiang - UBS: That’s on track against your expectation? 
Tim Main: Yeah. We are very pleased. There is no reason for us to change our previous statements. We are very pleased with the direction of the business. 
Long Jiang - UBS: Great. Thanks very much gentlemen. 
Tim Main: Welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to focus one question here on operating income and operating margins, kind of, on a go-backward basis here instead of focusing on going forward. You suggested that operating margins would be up sequentially in 3Q. So, at minimum, it looks like on flat revenue year-over-year if you exclude the impact of Lean initiative at Cisco, your revenue is down about $20 million, or about 25% year-over-year on flat revenue there. Can you talk a little bit about the drivers behind that? I know that the tooling investment is somewhat of the lingering problem. Can you also break out some of the other factors there in regards to the decrease in operating margins and operating income? 
Forbes Alexander: Carter, we are not at liberty to discuss historical financial detail that we have not published. So, I can't really answer your question in that regard. Our indications are that on a go-forward basis, we are going to see incremental margin improvement as you go through the back half of the year. But beyond that, I really can't give you any color on our historical position until we do file our 10-K. 
Tim Main: We actually provided a lot of detail in each of the call. So, I would encourage you to go back and take a look at that. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. I mean the other two issues were resolved by the February quarter, is that correct? Was the tooling issue the only problem in the February quarter? 
Forbes Alexander: Yeah, our comments said that -- 
Tim Main: I think there have been three calls since then. And in each call we've provided quite a bit of detail around issues that we had in the business. So, I would ask you to go back and review the comments that we made in the three quarterly calls that we've had since then. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: I'm sorry. Maybe you misunderstood me. I guess I was looking at just on a year-over-year basis. So, if you look in between the two, we've had issues between February '06 and February '07 two of which appear to be resolved. And I assume those are no longer issues. And then there is only one lingering problem. So, I am just trying to understand on a year-over-year basis, not necessarily -- 
Tim Main: Yeah. But you can't analyze year-over-year results without looking at the progression of the three or four quarter since. So, we're not going to go back and reconcile the margins between the theoretical margins in fiscal Q2 of '07 with the margins in fiscal 2006. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Fair enough. Another question here on potential acquisitions on a go-forward basis. Would you look to be either: A) further develop your vertical capabilities, or B) diversify away from the consumer market any time over the next 6 to 12 months, or do you feel like your hands are full here with TGP? 
Tim Main: In terms of additional acquisitions in the area? 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Yes. 
Tim Main: I think we're where we want to be in terms of the capability and where we need to be to be competitive in the consumer space. We can always be opportunistic and if something came up that we thought made sense for our business, we would be more than happy to take a look at it and make additional acquisitions.  I think in terms of digestion point of view and make sure that the wheels are on and bolted on tight and the business is in good shape. Yeah, we're going to be relatively conservative in doing big acquisitions and major acquisitions. And we are going to focus on cash flow and balance sheet and making sure that we get back to the Jabil metrics of very strong return on invested capital, free cash flow, cash flow from operations, and a very strong balance sheet. 
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bernie Mahon with Morgan Stanley. 
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Good evening. Just a question for you. You talked a lot about the weakness in the guidance on the consumer side of the business. It sounds like there are probably some company specific issues. Can you talk about just the demand environment and what you are seeing? If you exclude kind of these product transitions, what are you seeing in the demand environment for the May quarter in the two bigger segments of your consumer segment? 
Tim Main: Demand is okay, relatively stable. We are not laying this off on end market demand. There are some product categories that are softer than others and some other stronger than those. But overall it's pretty good. 
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks. And then just a quick question on the margins. In the November quarter, you had talked about the gross margins being negatively impacted by 50 basis points because of, I think, higher material cost or mix shift. Could you just give an update on that issue? Was that kind of a one-time issue for November and it reversed again in the February quarter? Or have you found that that's more of a secular issue for the business? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes. Bernie, I talked about it in my comments, within our consumer product sector this quarter in terms of more material based revenue flowing through the revenue stream. As we are providing, what we believe are, valuable services to our customer base in that particular area. So, I have commented on that a little bit in the prepared remarks. But we did see some of that in the second fiscal quarter.  Also in our second fiscal quarter, let me remind you that this is typically a very seasonal section of our fiscal year. And sequentially, our revenues did fall 11% if you excluded Taiwan Green Point. And to support the seasonal business, there is a semi-fixed cost there, if you will, that in the consumer sector runs through December and early January period. And unfortunately, our fiscal quarters don't align with the calendar quarters. So you will naturally see some impact there on the margin which then falls out and back into Q3 in the back half of the year. 
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on inventory. Last quarter you said you had probably 3 to 5 days of excess inventory in the networking segment. Were you able to work that down this quarter, or do you think you will be working that down over the next couple of quarters? Where does that stand? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes. I think we are making some pretty decent progress in that regard. You'll continue to see us work through that as we move through the balance of the fiscal year, certainly Q3 and continuing into Q4. 
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Forbes Alexander: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Huang with American Technology. 
Andrew Huang - American Technology: Thanks. I just had a question on the consumer business again. When you said that you expect the revenue in your consumer sector to decrease sequentially for the balance of '07, is that calendar '07, or your fiscal '07? 
Tim Main: Fiscal. 
Andrew Huang - American Technology: Fiscal, okay. And then you talked about the second reason about, I guess, one of your large customers going to more of a product development based relationship. Does that mean that you were doing traditional EMS business with this customer, and now going forward you are going to do more R&D for this customer? 
Tim Main: That's correct. 
Andrew Huang - American Technology: So, if that's the case, does that imply that that customer is taking that EMS business to one of your competitors, or are you not doing it any longer? 
Tim Main: It's probably a little bit of both. I think the implication there is the style of engagement, the style of relationship that that customer needs is changing. It has been in observation that we have made, and it seems like it has happened relatively abruptly, and from a revenue standpoint it has. But we have been cognizant of the move, particularly in the consumer area. Customers there want to have outsourcing providers that can do product development, complete product platforms, and certainly in the area of mobile communications provide technology and capability and enclosure and decorative external material like plastics.  So I think from an EMS standpoint in the consumer segment, you don't have significant capability in product development and can work with customers on complete product platforms. And in some cases if you are not vertically integrated, you are competing on a basis of a very narrow value proposition, then we don't think it will provide the types of returns that we want from that business. So, we think a product development rich, vertically integration rich value proposition for customers in that segment will provide us more stable, a greater number of relationships and certainly better long-term value proposition and profitability. 
Andrew Huang - American Technology: Okay. And then I guess with the second customer, when the customer is going from a horizontal strategy to more vertical, does that imply that the customer is bringing box-build or board assembly in-house? I am not exactly sure what that mean. 
Tim Main: It means that we have historically used horizontal supply chain strategy, in which case we are doing assembly work primarily for that customer. What is the right value proposition for that customer is a full vertical integration model that incorporates not only our global footprint and assembly services, but also the value that we can bring in electric-mechanical components particularly in decorative areas.  That value proposition is more meaningful for that customer. In long term, our ability to continue to secure substantial material wins with that customer will depend on our ability to provide that vertically integrated solutions. I think that we can provide that in spades and we will be very, very competitive.  I have also said in the prepared remarks, and a couple of times in response to questions that we're already seeing business awards in that basis. So, our confidence level is actually increasing. 
Andrew Huang - American Technology: Okay. So, the customers, they used to use you on a horizontal basis. They are moving to a competitor that has a more vertical solution. But, in the future do you expect to get more of that business going forward with your Taiwan Green Point acquisition? 
Tim Main: That's not what I have said. 
Andrew Huang - American Technology: I am sorry. So, I mean if you have business with them on a horizontal basis and they want to have more vertical solution, does that necessarily mean that you have to lose that horizontal business with them? 
Tim Main: I am not sure why we are painfully going through this question again and again and again. Our revenue in the consumer segment will be lower than originally anticipated. And the reason is transitioning from horizontal supply chain strategy to a vertical strategy. That means we will have less business in the very short term, which would be in the next couple of quarters. And probably more business than we ever would have had, long term, when we talked about the back half of '07 and certainly when we look at fiscal '08.  We are building a capability that is not only applicable to one customer, but is applicable to a big industry that is growing very rapidly. In mobile communications there is over a 1 billion mobile communication devices sold or will be sold in 2007. We'd expect the growth rate in that industry to continue to increase. And more and more convergence of not only voice and the types of things that you see today, but other types of entertainment are delivered through our mobile communication devices. And so, this is the broad based strategy not narrowed to a single customer. 
Andrew Huang - American Technology: Okay. Thanks for your patience. 
Forbes Alexander: Okay. 
Operator: You do have a follow-up question from Lou Miscioscia with Cowen. 
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: I thought it would circle back around to me. I guess just one last quick question, Tim, as you move to this new strategy and especially given last quarter when you had to write-off that product development costs. Can you just give us a comment on the risk level? How much higher do you think the risk level goes up? Do you think you can talk about how much more margins you can get that try to compensate for that? Thank you. 
Tim Main: I definitely can't talk about how much margins we can obtain. The proof will be in the in future quarters how we do. I will kind of have to leave it at that and I'll say that it's a better value proposition for the customer. The product development category that we exited in fiscal Q1 that we talked about on our last call was a very narrow opportunity. It was a vintage of decisions that were made a year and half or two years ago, a particular technology and a narrow product category in the market. The market changed on us and we elected to exit it.  The areas that we're focusing are on very large scale OEMs that have very well developed markets and we're sticking to product categories that are in very, very large volume, where the product development capability is relatively well understood. We think that by sticking with mainstream products in which we understand very well what the product development needs are, the risk factor will be no different or only slightly higher than what our core businesses represented over the years. 
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay, thank you. 
Tim Main: Okay. 
Beth Walters: Operator, we have time for one more question tonight. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your last question comes from Kevin Kessel with Bear Stearns. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Yes, just a housekeeping question. Forbes, you mentioned that the tax rate going forward would be 16%. Can you give us some sort of a ballpark for what interest expense level the guidance is based on for the next couple of quarters? 
Forbes Alexander: Sure Kevin. For fiscal Q3, the interest expenses are expected to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million and $20 million to $25 million in Q4. 
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: And is there any way for us to think about the plans in which to pay down the bridge loans as we go in to fiscal '08? 
Forbes Alexander: No we haven't developed those plans fully. But we will certainly invite everyone once we get to that point. Our key focus right now is to improve the operating margin performance here and look forward to having our financial statements filed, and then we can start at our process. 
Tim Main: Okay. 
Forbes Alexander: Okay. 
Beth Walters: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for joining us for our conference call today. 
Operator: You're welcome. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-12-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - VP, IR Forbes Alexander - CFO Tim Main - President and CEO
Analysts: Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Jim Suva - Citigroup Michael Walker - Credit Suisse Scott Craig - Banc of America Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Todd Coupland - CIBC World Markets Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market Monish Perry - RF
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Chrystal and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil First Quarter Fiscal Year 2007 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Miss Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO, Tim Main, and Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the Investor section, along with today’s press release and a slideshow presentation on the first quarter. You can follow our presentation now with the slides that are posted on the website and begin with slide 2 now, our forward-looking statement. During the call today, we may make forward-looking statements including those regarding our unaudited first quarter fiscal year 2007 net revenues and certain other financial measures, our currently expected second quarter fiscal quarter 2007 and full fiscal year 2007 net revenues, the anticipated completion of the new sites and acquisition of Taiwan Green Point, the anticipated outlook for certain aspects of our business, and our long-term outlook for our company, our industry, our business sectors and our realignment of our manufacturing capacity and the related costs and timing. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to; the finalization of our fiscal year 2006 financial statements and the audit thereof, and our first quarter fiscal year 2007 financial statement and a review thereof. Including those portions relating to our historical stock option grants; the results of the review of our past stock option grants being conducted by a special committee our Board and governmental authorities; and the review of our historical recognition of our revenue and any other issues by our audit committee with the assistance of independent legal counsel; the accuracy of the stated dates of our historical option grants and whether all proper corporate and other procedures were followed; the impact of any restatement of our financial statements or other actions that may be taken or required as a result of any such reviews; risks and costs inherent in litigation, including that related to our stock option grants or any restatement of our financial statements as a result of the evaluation of our historical stock option practices and financial statement, whether or when we will realign our capacity and whether any such activity will adversely affect our cost structure; ability to service customers and labor relations; our ability to consummate the tender offer for Taiwan Green Point and satisfy the conditions to closing the tender offer and subsequent merger; and our ability to successfully address the challenges associated with integrating this acquisition; our ability to take advantage of the proceed benefits offering customer vertically integrated services; our ability to effectively address certain operational issues that have adversely affected certain of our US operation; changes in technology; competition; anticipated growth for us and our industry that may not occur; managing rapid growth; managing any rapid declines in customer demand that may occur; our ability to successfully consummate acquisitions; managing the integration of businesses we acquire; risks associated with international sales and; retaining key personnel; our dependence on a limited number of large customers; business and competitive factors generally affecting the electronic manufacturing services industry; our customers and our business; other factors that we may not have currently identified or quantified; and other risks, relevant factors and uncertainties identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005; subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. If you could now turn to slide 3, I will turn the call over to Forbes Alexander.
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon. Revenue for our first fiscal quarter of '07 was in the mid point of guidance at $3.224 billion. The quarter represents a 34% growth in revenue on a year-over-year basis and a 9% on a sequential basis. Please now turn to slide 4, turning to a discussion of revenue by sector for our first quarter. Production levels in the automotive sector increased 5% from the prior quarter, slightly above expectations, but consistent seasonal patterns in previous years. The computing and storage sector increased 2% from the fourth quarter consistent with expectation. The consumer product sector increased by 25% from the fourth quarter somewhat lower than expectations as end market demand was somewhat softer than initial expectations. The instrumentation and medical sector decreased by 4% from the fourth quarter as production levels in certain transaction processing and tax automation product categories were below our expectations. Year-over-year this sector enjoyed 31% higher revenue than in the comparable fiscal 2006 period. We remain positive on our growth prospects for this sector. Our networking sector, levels of production increased by 8% from the previous quarter, as production levels were strong throughout the quarter. The peripherals sector increased 19% over the previous quarter, reflecting strong seasonal demand. And finally, the telecommunication sector decreased by 23% sequentially as an anticipated short-term demand reduction from an existing customer rebounded earlier than we'd anticipated. I will ask you now to turn to slide 5. Our sector information for the quarter and the fiscal year in percentage terms was as follows; automotive 4%; computing and storage, 11%; consumer, 36%; instrumentation and medical, 15%; networking, 18%; peripherals, 6%; telecom, 5%; and other, 5%. On a year-over-year basis, we have added revenue of $820 million with all sectors except automotive and telecom enjoying revenue growth of over 30%. Quarter marks our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth above 30%. For the quarter, three customers exceeded 10% of revenue. And our top ten customers accounted for approximately 68% of revenue. I will ask you to turn to slide 6. Reviewing our balance sheet. The company's sales cycle in the quarter expanded by 9 days to 23 days due to a higher level of day sales outstanding and a lower level of accounts payable outstanding. Our inventory days declined slightly for the quarter. Inventory turns for the quarter were consistent with the previous quarter at eight. Cash and cash equivalents were $658 million, as compared to $774 million at the end of the fourth quarter.Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $72 million. And I would just like to update you in terms of our restructuring and rationalization plan. During the first quarter, we continued to manage our overall rationalization plan consistent with the comments we made in previous quarters. Our initial estimates for total restructuring charges of $200 to $250 million, we now expect to be at the high end of that range. The cash cost of such charges remains an estimate in the range of $150 to $200 million, over the course of the next two fiscal years. Discussions with our employees and their representatives are underway, and we are complying with all statutory and consultation periods required of us. Turning now to capacity. With regard to our capacity and global footprint, our business outlook shows increasing production levels in Asia and Eastern Europe. As discussed previously, we will be completing and then ramping new sites in Poland, the Ukraine, and India during the course of fiscal 2007. We will continue to ramp significantly higher production levels in our sites in China. Our investments in fiscal 2007 are expected to be related to the above locations and existing plants as we continue to see increasing levels of production. We estimate capital expenditures to be in the range of $200 and $250 million in the fiscal year. Now I will like to update you on our recently announced acquisition of Taiwan Green Point. As we have previously disclosed, shareholders controlling over 50% of Green Point have tendered their shares. We fully expect the acquisition to move forward and presently expect the transaction to close during our fiscal second or third quarter of 2007, depending upon timing of government approvals. Upon completion of the tender, we are obligated to purchase those shares tendered for cash consideration has been timely estimated to be in mid January. At this point in time, it is expected that we shall have controlling interest of Taiwan Green Point and would expect to consolidate their financial results with [our ordering] from that date. There is expected to be some level of minority interest and so we can acquire their remaining shares not tendered prior to the completion of that tender offer. We are excited to finalize the transaction, and we welcome the people and capabilities of Green Point to Jabil family. Now I'll ask you to turn to slide 7. Our second quarter revenue update. We estimate our second fiscal quarter of 2007 to be in the revenue range of $2.75 billion to $2.85 billion or a decrease of 10% to 14% from the first fiscal quarter. Our revenue expectations are based upon seasonally lower sales in our consumer sector along with a more muted view of overall end market growth. I'll now ask you to turn to slide 8 to review revenue by snapshot for the second quarter. Our automotive sector expected to decrease by approximately 6% reflecting seasonally lower sales. The computing and storage section -- sector is estimated to decrease 5% with certain customers' balance inventory levels with lower demand. The consumer sector is expected to decrease by approximately 33% reflecting normal seasonal patterns and higher than desired inventory levels for certain products. The instrumentation and medical sector is estimated to be consistent, slightly better than the previous quarter. Networking sector levels of production are expected to be consistent with the first fiscal quarter. The peripherals sector is estimated to be consistent with the first fiscal quarter, and the telecom sector is estimated to increase between 10% and 15% as production levels recover with the major customer. I would now like to hand over to Tim Main.
Tim Main: Thanks Forbes. Revenue for the quarter was roughly the plan, however, product mix was not in our favor during the quarter, and our revenue stream is more material intensive than expected by approximately 50 basis points. We also noted the demand expectations for this seasonally became more subdue as the quarter unfolded. During the quarter, we launched a new product in the consumer segment, which was developed by Jabil. Due to technical delays and production ramp issues with the product, we experienced significant cost overruns and lowered forward-looking demand expectations from our customers. Accordingly, we have elected to withdraw the product by business plan. And we will record charges and other expenses of approximately $12 million in our first fiscal quarter. We also continued to experience losses in our electromechanical tooling operation and suffered from certain underperforming sites in the Americas and Europe. Due to these challenges in product development and in certain other operations, we are taking remedial actions that'll include restructuring and the movement of production to other sites and strategic partners. As discussed in previous calls, we expect the impact of these changes to affect our operations through our second fiscal quarter. We also spent over $4 million during the quarter in legal and accounting expenses related to the options and independent counsel reviews. We regret that we are not in a position to provide complete financial details at this time as we await the completion of review processes now underway. We acknowledge this is a challenging time for the business and for investors and shareholders. We believe we're taking the correct steps to manage the business and to do with other issues in the most appropriate manner and in a timely fashion. We remain committed to growing Jabil's business and helping in profitable way and are motivated to work in these challenging times. In spite of the present day challenges, we are enthusiastic regarding our long-term prospects. Overall, we are serving customers well. And in most cases, we're expanding our relationships to include new product lines, services, and geographic locations. Our people are doing remarkably fine job in a high growth and high stress environment, and I thank them all for their efforts. We are also anxious to consummate an exciting transaction with Green Point and offer our mutual customers a best-in-class end-to-end supply chain solution. We will be sure to focus on preserving the great capabilities and technology of Green Point in maintaining the superb support Green Point has given its customers over the years. Our revenue growth for the year is expected to be supported by the secular trend to outsourcing service expansion and market share gains with certain new and existing customers. For the year, we anticipate revenue growth of approximately 20%, which we believe to be above our sector growth rate and well above end-market growth. We are experiencing some uncharacteristic challenges at the moment but remain firmly committed to long-term growths and returns in the business.
Beth Walters: Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A session of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Lou Miscioscia with Cowen and Company.
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay. Thank you. I guess, Tim going into the comments that you just gave about the different issues that you are running into, you went through them a little quick, so I wasn’t sure if I was able to write them all down. Are these all incremental to this quarter that we are talking about or some of them continuation of some of the May operational issues? May be if you could, sort of, help define that a little better?
Tim Main: Yeah. To rephrase a little bit, I mentioned a few areas of concern. One is that the product mix during the quarter was more material intensive than expected by approximately 50 basis points. The demand for the quarter was little bit more subdued than we actually expected in the consumer electronics area. I talked about product that we launched in the consumer segment that we are drawing from our business plan and will take approximately $12 million of charges associated with that product in the quarter. I made some comments regarding electromechanical tooling operation, which we talked about in previous quarters and on previous calls, the expectation was that that would continue to affect us through the second fiscal quarter. I also discussed $4 million in legal and accounting expenses due to the various reviews that we are going through right now that are in the press release.
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay. Then the electromechanical one, the one you've been working on it seems for us since May, does it seem like now it's going to get extended well beyond the second quarter or may be just a little clarification there?
Tim Main: In summary, I talked about underperforming sites in the US electromechanical tooling operation with remedial actions being restructuring and the movement of production to other sites and to other strategic partners. So, I don't think the expectation is that it will not continue impact our company in a material way in fiscals Q3 and Q4.
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay. And then my last question, I will pass on to someone else. On the demand issue, I guess just you obviously [correlated] out on your slides, so obviously on the consumer side but it seems that that some of the other areas seem to hold up a little bit better, I guess, in the sense of computing and storage seem to tad better than what your prior thoughts were, and maybe even networking. I mean, would you say the environment is continuing as we were in the late part of December to moderate, I guess, as go into first quarter because you did give your full year guidance for top line?
Tim Main: I think from an end-market standpoint, things are relatively subdued maybe a little less optimistic than earlier this year. Currently, our growth move which we think 20% year-over-year growth in this type of environment is fabulous. But our growth at this point is really depended on the secular trend to outsourcing, gaining new customers and gaining market share and we are doing very, very well on those fronts.
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay. And the inventory situation you mentioned on the consumer side was that something to do with possibly, could you may define which consumer area that would be in?
Tim Main: I am principally speaking to -- no, I don’t think I will make a comment there. I think there are certain product categories that didn’t have the sell through rate even in the summer and they are kind of extended into the Christmas selling season. I don’t think it's a huge issue. There is not an enormous inventory issue that we see, but sell through rates in the second half of 2006 have not been as robust as original plans for some of our customers in that segment. It is not typical for us to have in the last few years because of end market growth and the addition of customers and continued sell through in December and January to have a steeper decline in revenue from Q1 to Q2. If you look back into -- in the previous years and in '04 there was a 1% sequential decline, in '05 it was about a 6.5% sequential decline, in '06 it was about 3 to 4% sequential decline, and this year we're looking for I think we said 9 to 14% sequential decline. So a little bit steeper decline and that's -- I think that that maybe a more typical seasonal pattern for the consumer electronics area.
Lou Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. Couple of things, just going back to the product launch cancellations, is there any details that you can provide on what type of product it is and what's encompassed in the $12 million charge?
Tim Main: I can't get into details about the product. It's an important area for us. We have made significant investments in our product development capability, as most of you know. We still think that’s a pivotal capability to our solution for customers and still an area that develops or generates significant amount of profitability for the company. This particular experience is a bad experience and the $12 million is associated with what we anticipate to be the final excess inventory numbers tooling and other test equipment and other expenses associated with cancelling the project.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: But the cancellation revolved around technical issues with what you developed, is that fair to say?
Tim Main: No. I think most of the technical core issues are resolved and I think the fact that the product was delayed and the pricing in that area is becoming unattractive to us to continuing the activity and it's less attractive area for some of our customers. I think we are making decision to withdraw from that product category and I think that’s the right thing for us to do for long-term profitability.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, Tim just on -- just to make sure I am clear on the May issues, I don’t want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds like you are resolving them as you planned or are you behind, ahead of where you thought you'd be at this point, can you just sort of clarify that?
Tim Main: On the May issues, typically, I think we are resolving them. I would say, we are a little bit behind where we expected to be at this point in June. And but, I think, ultimately they will all be resolved to plan and particularly as we get into Jabil's fiscal Q3 and Q4 I think we are going to be very pleased with the overall results of our rationalization plan, the collective actions, remedial actions that we are taking and most of mechanical tooling operation in certain sites and high cost geographies and more specifically in the Americas. We have a lot of remedial actions underway right now. I think we are a little bit behind where we expected to be over this summer, but I think ultimately within a core give-or-take two to three months period a quarter they'll ultimately be resolved and we will be able to look to fiscal Q3 and Q4 as more indicative of the earnings, probably the company going forward.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, your 20% outlook for growth does not include the Taiwan Green Point acquisition, is that correct?
Tim Main: That's correct.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And next question comes from Shawn Harrison with Longbow Research
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Hi. Good evening. Just on the consumer business, again maybe if you could just talk about the set-top box business, you mentioned last quarter that was an issue. Is it safe to assume that's part of the continuing problem at this point in time?
Tim Main: I am absolutely certain we did not mention the set-top business -- set-top box business as being an issue last quarter, and I would be extremely reticent to discuss any particular product categories in that segment. I think it's pretty well documented that while it seems that LCD, flat panel TVs and other product categories are flying off the shelf, recent results in Circuit City and others are indicating that this Christmas season is going to be relatively soft to the previous few years, and I would like to leave that comment -- that general statement I will just leave it at that.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Just moving on to your inventory if we could talk about that for a second, are you comfortable with your inventory position currently in terms of raw and finished goods, or how much maybe in days do you think you need to pull it down if necessary?
Tim Main: I think that we're relatively comfortable with our inventory position being eight turns, I think it's up bit more than we would like to have at this point in the seasonal cycle. But particularly in our networking segment due to some lean inventory, lean management arrangements with customers there, we're actually -- we've actually added probably 3 to 5 days in inventory in that segment. And in fact when normalized, our inventory turns would be more like nine. And I think that with the nine inventory turns, we'll be very comfortable going into Q2, which is typically a quarter where we collect a lot of cash and we normalize our inventory levels and prepare for Q3 and Q4 and Q1, which tend to be growth quarters for us.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay.
Tim Main: So with the exception of inventories being a little bit higher than we like in networking and here or there in small pockets, I think best case we'll be looking at nine turns or more to date. So we feel relatively comfortable.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: And just to be clear, there is no plan at this point in time to draw down your raw material inventory by any significant factor?
Tim Main: I am not sure what you mean by that.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Just I guess componentary semis, passive components, boards things of that nature, just raw material inventory?
Tim Main: Yeah, just not sure what you mean by draw down?
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: I guess reduce the inventory position that you are carrying at this point in time in your hubs or --
Tim Main: Well, those are a couple of different things. I mean we are going to work as a company very hard on improving our inventory turns and days in inventory in coming quarters and in coming years. Generally speaking, I think we have too much capital invested there, but when you compare Jabil's results and the mix of our business with other people in our sector, I don’t think our current levels are unreasonable.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. First a quick clarification question and sorry about my voice, but on your slides you mentioned revenues should be up approximately 20% year-over-year, and previously you said that they would be up 20%, (inaudible) approximately am I just splitting hairs or we are just looking at just a slightly more subdued outlook that may be we were three to six months ago?
Tim Main: I think the environment is little bit more subdued than six months ago. I still feel like our trend line growth rates of 20% or greater particularly when we talk about long-term growth rates is -- we have every, every confidence that we have ever had in that type of belief in our growth rate approximately 20%. I think given the sector growth rates are very small to negative and end-market growth rates not expected to be more than 1% to 3% this year, that putting up something about 20% growth would be phenomenal for the company.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay. And then [great]. You guys have successfully navigated through the lean initiative by one of your large customers, Cisco. Can you talk a little bit now about, since you've navigated through that kind of your status and ability to start to work down that inventories. I believe Forbes mentioned that at first year the inventory pop and you look to push some of that inventory down into the supply chain. Have we started down that road yet and how is that progressing and what should we anticipate?
Forbes Alexander: Hi Jim, it's Forbes. Let me try and address that for you. That really goes to the previous question that was asked on the call and Tim's comments around, we are carrying a little bit more inventories than we would like and maybe three or four days more than we would really like in terms of our networking sector. We did mention -- I think I mentioned on the previous call that we do need to take control of that supply chain and work that down. The status really hasn't changed that somewhere between one to three quarter process. I think we are now into our second quarter of that initiative. So we've still got some work to do, but as we head through this second fiscal quarter into the third, I am pretty optimistic that we can get in and manage that supply chain and bring benefits to our customers to Jabil and to the whole supply chain.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Okay, thank you. Happy holidays everyone.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks Jim.
Tim Main: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Walker with Credit Suisse
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. I guess, just to kind of tail off the last question, you are essentially maintaining full year growth at 20% and yet demand is weaker now than you would have thought. Does that imply that there are more new programs, I guess, coming into play in the second half of the year that offsets the weaker demand or am I reading too much into that?
Tim Main: No. I think if you look back at Jabil's history over the last couple of years, we've tended to start the fiscal year with relatively low expectations, I believe. We started '06 with an expectation of $8.7 and $9.2 billion in revenue. We ended up with 10.2 and I think we had a similar experience in fiscal '05 with beginning expectations in the $6.5 billion range and we ended up with -- at over 7. So we tend to only count things that are in our parlance in the barn at the beginning of the year and then the effects of end market growth, new customer wins, and how sell through rates grow too in that number as the year unfolds. So hanging onto an approximately 20% growth rate is indicative of I think the underlying strength of our business. We do have new programs that have been awarded but we think that even in times that are relatively soft and relative to fiscal '04, '05, and '06 maybe that our growth rate at 20% is still very doable.
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just on the customer business going down 33%, I know that you -- I heard what you've said about inventories, can you just confirm just because in the past there have been some concern about whether some of the bigger customers in there are starting to move some of their programs away, can you confirm that that's not part of that 33% that’s really all seasonality and inventories?
Tim Main: I can confirm that there are no material customer losses in that segment. That is the driver for the sequential decline. I think in previous years, we've not seen the sequential reduction that was originally expected, I think --I believe that almost every year, we predicted the consumer electronic segment is going to decline by 25% to 35% and it's really done that, and it's really done that for two reasons. One, end market growth rate has been better than expected. The sell-through in December and -- is better than expected, and we've had rapidly ramping new programs in market share gains. And so -- no, we don’t have those things this year. So I think what we're seeing is not a more pronounced pull back in that area, I think we are just seeing a more normalized seasonal pattern in consumer electronics.
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just my last question on margins, I know we're not talking about margin at least directly on the call. But, not really referring to this quarter or next quarter, in the past you talked about being able to get back to 4% operating margin level, you talked about increasing operating margin by 20, 30 bids per year. Just in light of some of the issues that we talked about this quarter, which basically all sound like margin impacts in terms of the higher material content et cetera, is it still realistic at some point in the future or year out getting back to those historical margin number?
Tim Main: Yeah, I think that’s a great point, Michael, and let's be absolutely clear that we’re not trying to signal any type of permanent change to our objectives or the earnings power of our business. We remain committed to not just 4% operating margin, but moving the business to a 5% operating margin. I think the return on invested capital metrics that we've talked about in the past are still very doable for us. And again, we're dealing with some uncharacteristic challenges that I think will work through, but we are not trying to imply that there is any kind of permanent change to the business that would cause us to back away from what we've talked about in the past.
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks a lot.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Craig with Banc of America.
Scott Craig - Banc of America: Hi, good afternoon, just a couple of questions. Tim, when you talk to your consumer OEMs and they talk about the inventory side of things, how long are you telling that they think this inventory correction is going to go on. If I look at your consumer business and your guidance, it's kind of an implying flat sales for you guys on a year-over-year basis. And then, secondly just a clarification with regards to the material mix increasing, so that's a 50 basis point quarter-on-quarter impact to gross margins, is that essentially what you're saying? Thanks.
Tim Main: I’m saying, -- I really can't talk about gross margins that type of thing, but what I’m saying is that material content of our revenue stream is about 50 basis points higher than what we'd expected.
Scott Craig - Banc of America: I’m not sure -- are you saying that what it looks like for fiscal Q2 '07 would be flat in fiscal Q2 of '06 in the consumer electronics area?
Tim Main: Yeah, roughly.
Scott Craig - Banc of America: Yeah, roughly I think you're roughly correct.
Tim Main: And, Scott I want to make sure that we're not over emphasizing this inventory thing because I think it's a very modest issue. I just think people need to understand, we started the quarter expecting consumer electronics to be up 30%. It was only up 25%. We are seeing a more normalized seasonal pattern and expecting consumer electronics to decline by 33%. So, I don’t think there is any type of very serious inventory issue there. And so to the extent if there is, I think it could be worked through in -- within a quarter.
Scott Craig - Banc of America: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on the consumer product that you guys were developing. I assume that’s on a basically on an ODM basis. Is there lingering cost issues there, even though you have dropped the product that could potentially impact margins going forward, and how do you think about the ODM model for you guys given that a lot of your counterparts have tried to get in and have had to get out at some point, is this -- we look at the same thing for you guys?
Tim Main: So, it won't be any lingering costs associated with this particular product. So, check that box off and then the whole -- the whole ODM question. No, I think there is couple ways to look at it. We have an excellent product development capability that has been principally directed to collaborative development products and in some cases products which compete directly with ODMs. And we are going to continue to do that and actually we have $800 million roughly in business that’s -- that type of product development relationship with the customer and it's a very profitable business with us. We got off -- this was particular technology that we are very interested in. We thought we had something that was very, very unique and was more challenging than we thought it would be and really it is as much is the challenging the technology is that the marketplace really kind of moved away from this product set. Pricing in competitive technologies declined very rapidly unexpectedly, and so in order for that product to be competitive, the price points came down very dramatically. And so, we made the decision to exit the business. Typically, we are in much more mainstream applications where things are much more predictable and we aren't exposed to that type of risks. So, I don’t think, this is -- we are certainly not going to back away from our investment in product development and our capabilities there, but we typically do not have this type of risk in the products that we take on. So, I wouldn't expect this to be a recurring thing.
Scott Craig - Banc of America: Okay, thanks Tim.
Tim Main: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bernie Mahon with Morgan Stanley.
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good evening. A question for you on the -- could you just go through the three operational issues that you had in the May quarter and just give us an update on each one of them, I mean if you are fully cleared, if you are 90% cleared? It seems like there is still some issues on the tooling side, just so we have that straight?
Tim Main: No, I don't think I'll Bernie -- that's kind of a lengthy time ago. They are essentially on track. I think I talked about earlier in the call maybe a little bit -- taking little bit longer than we originally expected and having an impact to our fiscal Q2, but that's what we expected and so things are contained, things are understood, working on the issues, they will be resolved and we'll able to go in a lot more detail. We can get the published financial statements and we can talk about the impact of these various things in better detail.
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: So, you can't quantify that are all saying 50% complete, 70% complete, I mean are you comfortable with any of that?
Tim Main: No. I don’t think so.
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. How about maybe a follow-up on demand, it looks like the networking segment was a little bit better than planned and the guidance there is seems to be kind of in line with normal seasonality. But you talked about a slowdown in the overall demand environment. Is it safe to assume that maybe you didn’t see that slowdown in the networking segment or their new programs there is it just a pretty healthy demand environment there?
Tim Main: I think there is a pretty good demand environment there and I think we're doing well with our customer base in that segment, and combination of those two things it has been a little bit better than expected.
Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tim Main: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian White with Jefferies Asset Management.
Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management: Yes. Tim, if you could talk a little bit about the product that the ODM product that had the issue, when did you start developing this product, how long ago was that and will there be any impact to the quarter other than the charges from this product?
Tim Main: What are the types of impacts, would you be looking for?
Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management: Like an impact to pro forma net income, and then beyond just taking up charge and segmented out as a one-time expense?
Tim Main: I am not sure, I understand that question. I would expect the charges to be the charges, Forbes, do you want?
Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management: Would it be considered one time, Tim, just like a restructuring.
Tim Main: That’s not for me to decide, I don’t know.
Forbes Alexander: We haven’t contemplated that again. We're just -- we're giving you what information we can, but certainly we wouldn’t expect to have any ongoing impact as a result of these charges.
Tim Main: The development of the product started probably over a year ago.
Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management: Okay. And then on Philips, the contract came due in November, you indicated you didn't think it was going to be an issue, would continue as planned. Were there any surprises there on pricing and volumes, anything changed in terms of working with that customer?
Tim Main: Still have a great relationship with Philips that we think will remain strong and continue into -- in the future years.
Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management: Okay. So nothing changed materially with that relationship?
Tim Main: I think they are great customer, strong relationship, and customer we intend to have in coming years going forward.
Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management: Okay. Forbes, operating cash flow do we have at least some type of discussion on that, was it positive, was it negative; and inventories did they go up or down in the quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Unfortunately, my hand is tied in providing you specific detail, but in my prepared remarks we did talk about our sales cycle, and that did increase by approximately nine days in the quarter. So that was a considerable expansion that one day we have earned about $30 million. So right now we have $270 to $300 million of working capital expansion in the quarter. We do expect that to recover [or will] swing back the other way during our second fiscal quarter which is typical for this business given the high seasonality in terms with some of our consumer customers.
Brian White - Jefferies Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Hi, good afternoon. Tim, may be a bit of a philosophical question, but I don’t really understand how the shareholders' interest are served by what your lawyers are requiring you to do, which is to not talk about earnings for months on end and not talk about margins, not even gross margins or cash flow. We have a lot of moving parts that the Green Point coming up, you have got Cisco [lean] impacting you, you have got withdraw of your product, you have got product mix changes, material cost is going up and some disappointment on some of the sales in consumer electronics and so on, and yet we have no indication of how earnings are being affected by any of this. So, I am just wondering, how are the shareholders' interests being served here by these requirements that you can't discuss the earnings effects at all?
Tim Main: I am very, very sympathetic with your frustration. I acknowledge that more information is better for shareholders to make intelligent judgments about whether or not to invest in our company. I think that the reviews that are being conducted are theoretically and in reality intended to be for the benefit of shareholders to ensure from an independent standpoint that the company has high ethical standards and integrity and is reporting financial information accurately. And we have to be in complete support to that and it's very important that these things be allowed to be reviewed and determined and that the company is thoroughly [embedded] for whatever they are looking for, whatever they are looking at. And I want just to remind everybody that this is not something which is under my or Forbes or the Senior Executive management team's direct control. So, I am very, very frustrated with the time. I sympathize with you completely. I would love to give you more information, but these reviews are intended to be for the benefit of shareholders in determining the integrity of the company. And I think that's very, very important to me personally that we get this right, that we do the right thing, and that these things are able to be conducted and reviewed the way they need to be in order to determine with finality exactly what has to be done going forward.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Well, all right. May be you could explain a little more about why these things that are being reviewed relate to past events? But we are being told that we can have any information on earnings or margins regarding current events or future prospects. I don't understand that why is that? We are not talking about the past here, we are talking about what happened this quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Well, let me try to address that. There are specific regulations that prohibit us from providing information. Those regulations were created a number of years ago, again, in the best interest of shareholders and investing public. The specific regulation I am referring to is Reg G, I believe, which prohibits us from providing information to investors until we can provide it accurately and in timely basis.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. You provide accurate information about what's going on currently?
Forbes Alexander: We cannot provide you accurate information while these reviews are ongoing as it relates to US generally accepted accounting principal. And that’s what Reg G addressed and so if we ought to give you any information, we must do so with statements under US GAAP.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. I will have to take this off-line, but I really don’t understand why you can't provide us with information about what is going on currently? The reviews have to deal with past events, past periods.
Forbes Alexander: Okay, I sympathize with your frustration.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yuri Krapivin with Lehman Brothers.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good afternoon. I am looking for additional clarification with respect to your material cost. Did the material cost go up or high than you expected because of the product mix or is it because simply the prices for materials went up?
Tim Main: Not because the price of materials went up, but because of the product mix and the products that we had sell through on for the quarter increased material content in our revenue stream. So it's more of a product mix issue.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay and then with respect to your networking segment, can you confirm that 8% quarter-over-quarter growth that you saw, was it all organic or was there some residual input from the lean initiative?
Tim Main: There is probably a little content from lean initiative but that's principally organic.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and finally with respect to the peripherals segment, you experienced strong growth, in November quarter you mentioned that it was seasonal. Is it just seasonality or did you win some incremental business there?
Tim Main: We are relatively successful in the peripheral sector, so there are our business wins. But the first quarter experience was principally very good sell through.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then finally, would you expect additional cost related to stock option investigation in the February quarter?
Tim Main: I’m certain that we'll have additional expenses in fiscal Q2, and we'll see about fiscal Q3 and -- but I have no way of giving you any estimate beyond that but we are experiencing additional costs in Q2.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Kessel with Bear Stearns.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Thank you. Tim just on the product mix question again just to kind of touch back on that, you've said that. You said that product mix was unfavorable due to the sell through of certain products that are more material intensive, and I imagine in your mix if we look what happened in the peripherals were obviously up much more than expected. Consumer, where I would expect maybe a higher material content potentially, wasn’t up quite as much as you had expected. And then, you obviously had telecom down less. So, I am -- what segment actually drove that mix or the unfavorable mix? What you say?
Tim Main: Even within segments that you might typically characterize as higher margin, generally there are products within those segments that have higher material content. And, the instrumentation medical segment was little weaker than expected, that has a negative impact. And within the consumer segment, we were dealing with higher material content products than others.
Forbes Alexander: In addition, Kevin, within the networking sector, as we have brought in this lean initiative, I think we outlined -- quite frankly, we did that back in I guess for the second or third fiscal quarter, that our expectations would be that -- that would have some 30 to 40 basis points on an overall fiscal '07 margin impact. So clearly as you see -- the some impact as you see, healthier demand perhaps and we first anticipated in that sector, but we are pulling more material through given we are now managing that material base. That has some impact also.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: But then Forbes, doesn’t the -- I mean the lean initiative is something that’s here to stay, I mean in the sense that the practice of now procuring those components will kind of be the way you do business with this customers. So, is it always going to kind of reflect negatively on mix or -- I mean is there a way to improve that overtime or not really?
Tim Main: There is a way to improve it, but it's more diversification in that segment and dealing with higher-end products that might have a lower material content. In revenue stream again within each segment, there are high-end, mid-range, and higher-end products, or low-end products, mid-range, and higher-end products that all imply different levels of material in the revenue stream, and quarter-to-quarter that mix might change.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: I got it. And then Tim, in terms of the 4% operating margin that was spoken about back in May, I understand in terms of what you are currently saying on those three issues, but I guess would it be fair to say based on your comments on the negative mix change and some of these other hick-ups that are happening that the 4% operating margin or is it being implied that it's more like a Q3, Q4 event, meaning once these things are essentially behind Jabil, that's when you would expect to break through that level?
Tim Main: Yeah, I can't answer that directly. But I can say that when we look out into Q3 and Q4, we expect to have the rationalization expenses and more so the process, we're moving products around, what we've talked about in terms of remedial actions for certain sites in the Americas in electro-mechanical tooling operation, short-term issues associated with our product that we've withdrawn from our business plan. Those issues will be behind us and the expectations will be that our financial results in fiscal Q3 and Q4 will be much more indicative of what the company is capable of than the uncharacteristic circumstances that we are in today.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: I got it. And then just a clarification here on the US, I mean it sounded like in your prepared remarks, Tim, you were implying that there would be additional restructuring to take place in the US now and you mentioned also a shift of businesses to strategic partners, maybe you can clarify what you meant by that?
Tim Main: Yeah. I am not really speaking to any additional, incremental efforts. I think all the areas of concerns for the company have already been identified, and we're moving along with that process.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: And strategic partners, when you mentioned that, how should we bid into that, what does that mean?
Tim Main: Particularly related to electromechanical tooling operation. We've elected to -- we've elected to have that capability resident and low cost locations and rely more on strategic partners for that capability than to try and manifest that entirely internally. It could still be a profitable business for us but we've made this strategic decision to transition some of the production from that side and to rely on our partners to provide that capability to us going forward.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: You are talking about Austria site then, or no, the one that had the tooling issues?
Tim Main: Yes.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then lastly, your 20% growth, you mentioned how it doesn’t incorporate Taiwan Green Point, but does it incorporate the expectation of maybe any potential divestitures or OEM divestitures during the year that would be done with customers or new customers?
Tim Main: No, it’s a standard -- with standard Jabil values, it is stuff that we can reach out and touch right now, and our confidence in the underlying strength of our business, our business model, how we've been winning business with customers and the rest of it. I mean that’s still very, very solid for our company. I mean we're still winning. We've become the third largest EMS provider in the world. And we're going to continue to grow the business. Our solution for customers as dark as this may seem and as murky because you don’t have financial statements in your hand and it's getting more and more difficult, more time that goes by to really understand what's going on. I mean, we are winning in the marketplace. We are growing as a company. And our solution as it relates to customers' ability to execute that, that thing is in fabulous shape. It is really, really in good shape.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: And then just on the divesture front, you mentioned the auto divestitures, maybe you can touch on that because as you know where you've got Delphi coming out of bankruptcy soon, I imagine that a lot of the restructuring that they're going to need to do will be in terms of the way they manufacture because it's been highly inefficient for them and for Visteon.
Tim Main: Right.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Any sense on that going forward for the whole industry?
Tim Main: Well I think it is -- I think eventually it would be a very positive thing for the automotive supply business and I think it end up being a positive thing for the EMS business because I think that consistent to what I've said in the past a lot of emphasis really should be on outsource. We can do a faster, better, cheaper and I think that's going to be a good thing. There is a lot of private equity money circling around the automotive supply industry in some circumstances and we can certainly help with taking over the burden of manufacturing product in a more diversified plant in lower cost location, reduced cost. It's kind of a home run value proposition for companies that are supply chain focused and supply chain intensive. So, again, I think, if you get out of the next 90 and 180 day kind of fixation that we all tend to have, and think about it long term, it should be very, very good, it should be an excellent sector for Jabil and other EMS providers to grow. Short term, it's going to be a little bit dodgy. I mean we are going to have to step through the opportunities, make sure we are in the right transactions with the right customers and doing the right thing. And that’s -- I think we are going to have to be highly selective in the types of things that we engage in. But Jabil has a very significant automotive business today, that’s $600, $700 million a year in business. So, we have got a great running start. We have got great capabilities in the Europe and the Americas and we are producing automotive electronics in Asia. And we know how to build automotive electronics that extremely low DPM levels and understand all of the long-term product development requirements that is associated with it. So, I think we are -- I think Jabil Circuit is in a great position to benefit from the automotive supply business long term.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: And just on the filings, I mean is there any -- what sort of companies most current position in terms of when these would be filed or is there any kind of broad -- like the goal is by January something or by -- I mean, how do we think about this in terms when filings might reasonably be out?
Tim Main: We can't say.
Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. Tim, my questions are concerning the Green Point acquisition. You obviously, believe your vertical integration is important to compete in the handset business. Can you tell us other areas within handsets you may be looking to fill in terms of product capabilities? And then from -- aside from that space, are there other segments where you think it make sense to have more vertical integration?
Tim Main: I think that’s a great question, Matt, and we don't have a shopping list of other things that we think we need to buy to support our business in that area. I think we will be opportunistic and we will be selective in the types of technologies and capabilities we invest in. We think that consumer electronics area and more particular mobile products because of style being so important and because of the constraints of the product being so important that that electromechanical design manufacturing and cosmetic treatment capability enhances our value proposition of global supply chain management and electronics production capability and design to a very attractive extent. So, we think that Green Point marriage with Jabil provides a very compelling value proposition for our customers in that segment. And that's really what we are focused on right now. We are not focused on buying a lot of other stuff to add to a basket of capabilities.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. And just a quick question, you mentioned three customers above 10%, can you tell us who they are? Thanks.
Forbes Alexander: Yeah. Absolutely. In the quarter that would be Nokia, Cisco, and Philips.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Coupland with CIBC World Markets.
Todd Coupland - CIBC World Markets: Hi. Good evening. My question has been answered. Thanks.
Tim Main: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. I just want to go back to this product mix issue that we are talking about, looks like the 50 basis headwind this quarter, could you just talk about if you expect to recover this headwind next quarter or would it take a little longer to get back to 50 basis points?
Tim Main: That -- that’s going to depend on product mix and we will talk about that in our next conference call.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: But, I mean I guess looking at what you see in terms of now the production schedule that you have, is the product mix improving in your favor in terms of margins or is it staying stagnant the way it was this quarter?
Tim Main: Yeah, I am not -- really not in a position to go there at this point. We’re only two weeks into the quarter and -- or three weeks into the quarter, and a lot of things can change between now and February 28. So, I need to reserve any comments on that, but I wish you could help you more, but --
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough, and then just looking at the restructuring actions that we're looking take over here, are lot of that charge would happen in the next two fiscal years. When should we start expect to see savings from the most of the P&L there. Is there a timeline on that you could update us on?
Tim Main: Yeah, it's consistent with our previous remarks when we announced this plan couple of quarters ago and we expect to start seeing benefits in our fiscal third quarter and fourth quarter of this fiscal year of '07. We should start seeing results of that and then we should see that continue through fiscal '08.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough, just a final question. Given all the issues that you have with regard to the SEC investigation, are you seeing a bit of squeamish suppliers who might be reducing term that we give you at this point, which may explain why the 80 days have moved so much this quarter, or was that -- is this just a timing issue in the quarter?
Tim Main: Not at all, that’s just a timing issue I mean.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paras Bhargava with BMO Capital Market.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: Hi, good afternoon gentlemen. Tim, is the demand weakness in consumer only or is it more broad based?
Tim Main: You say a few things to try and give a little bit of color and then it can get blown out of proportion. I think demand was a little bit soft, but still -- it's still okay. I mean it's still a growth environment. Things are relatively stable. I just think that generally speaking our customers and particularly in the consumer electronics area, we had at beginning of quarter expectation of 30%, it was up 25%, still a good season. And looking forward to the balance of the year, I just think from a tone standpoint and less so from current production scores, I mean really from a tone standpoint, people are a little bit more subdued, a little bit more reserved in their expectations for what things are going to be like in calendar 2007 from a growth rate standpoint. I’m just trying to provide some color in that regard as it relates to what our expectations are for our business. I don’t -- in environment where we're going to see strong end market growth.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: No, is it just consumer though, is it across everything is what I’m asking, is that --
Tim Main: It's more the consumer.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: Okay, and Forbes it looks like working capital might have chewed up, it's hard to tell with the amount, and I’m guessing as much as 300 million bucks is that -- am I doing my math right, or is that totally off base?
Forbes Alexander: No, that's -- a day as these types of revenue level is round about $30 million, so our sales cycle expanded by approximately 9 days, so maths there is right.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: Alright, I just wanted to check is, now where there any other unusual sources or sources of non-operating cash, I’m just trying to reconcile Tim's statements about problems with the cash performance given that working capital drained a bunch of cash and --
Tim Main: I don’t remember saying anything about cash performance. If you --
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: No, no. I mean in terms of your comments -- sorry about operating challenges, and then it looks like the cash performance given what happened, working capital actually quite good, were there any other unusual sources of cash, Forbes?
Forbes Alexander: No. There were none.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: All right. So --
Tim Main: It's a still -- this is still a good, good business. I mean, we can talk -- and again we acknowledge how frustrating this is, we can't publish financial statements, put this stuff in your hands but it's still a very healthy business. I mean two quarters ago, was a investment great company with a great balance sheet, we have record, I mean we are not wrecking the business.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: Okay. Well I just --
Tim Main: It's still an excellent business to be in and we are still growing.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: Okay. And then, I am just trying of fill in the holes because it's just -- we are trying to -- it is like a jigsaw puzzle here.
Tim Main: No. I understand.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: So now the other question, you didn’t buyback any shares. I don’t think you can this quarter, right?
Forbes Alexander: No, no. That share buyback was exhausted in our fiscal '06. We don’t need and have the capability to do that and we are not approved to do that.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: Okay. And tax was normal in terms of tax expense and cash taxes, there wasn’t any mismatch there, big mismatch?
Tim Main: I cannot make any comments with regard --
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: Okay, okay, alright. No, I understand you are little bit hamstrung here. Okay. And then finally, if I just look at your telecom business, it did better and you mentioned, I think, that when your customers is coming back, is that a broad -- like is that a counter trend telecom and networking or may be doing better and the rest of the stuffs doing is soft -- is doing worse, may be just slightly or is that just very customer specific in those two segments?
Tim Main: In telecom sector, our comments indicated that it was customer specific and I think that’s a fair statement. In the networking segment, I think it is what it is. I mean it was little bit healthier for the quarter than we expected and we expect production levels in Q2 to be consistent with the first quarter, so --
Forbes Alexander: Not (inaudible) but going pretty well.
Paras Bhargava - BMO Capital Market: All right. Thanks a lot gentlemen.
Beth Walters: Operator, we have time for just one more question tonight.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from [Monish Perry with RF].
Monish Perry - RF: My question was answered. Thank you.
Beth Walters: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us on the conference call for today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-09-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - Vice President, Investor Relations Forbes Alexander - Chief Financial Officer Timothy L. Main - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
Analysts: Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Co. Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co. Michael Walker - Credit Suisse First Boston Brian White - Jefferies & Co. Shawn Severson - Raymond James Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan Todd Coupland - CIBC World Markets Jim Suva - Citigroup
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jodie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Circuit fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Miss Walters, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Joining me on the call today are President and CEO, Tim Main, and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investor section, along with today’s press release and a slideshow presentation on our fourth quarter and fiscal year. The slides complement the presentation today and you can join me now by going to the slideshow and turning to slide one.  Our call today may contain forward-looking statements, including those regarding our unaudited fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006 net revenues and certain other financial measures, our currently expected first financial quarter 2007 and full fiscal year 2007 net revenues, the anticipated date we will file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the anticipated outlook for certain aspects of our business and our long-term outlook for our company, our industry, our business sectors and our realignment of our manufacturing capacity and the related costs and timing. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the finalization of our forth quarter and fiscal year 2006 financial statements and the audit thereof, including those portions relating to our historical stock option grants: the results of our review of the recently issued guidance on historical stock option grants issued by the Office of the Chief Accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission; the results of the review of our past stock option grants being conducted by a Special Committee of our Board and Governmental Authorities; the accuracy of the stated dates of our historical option grants and whether all proper corporate and other procedures were followed; the impact of any restatement of financial statements of the company or other actions that may be taken or required as a result of such reviews; risks and costs inherent in litigation, including that related to the company's stock option grants or any restatement of the financial statements of the company; whether or when we will realign our capacity and whether any such activity will adversely affect our cost structure, ability to service customers and labor relations; our ability to effectively address certain operational issues that have adversely affected certain of our U.S. operations; changes in technology; competition; anticipated growth for us and our industry that may not occur; managing rapid growth; managing any rapid declines in customer demand that may occur; our ability to successfully consummate acquisitions; managing the integration of businesses we acquire; risks associated with international sales and operations; retaining key personnel; our dependence on a limited number of large customers; business and competitive factors generally affecting the electronic manufacturing services industry, our customers and our business; other factors that we may not have currently identified or quantified; and other risks, relevant factors and uncertainties identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005, subsequent Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our other securities filings.  Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Last week, the Office of the Chief Accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission publicly issued general guidance for public companies concerning various issues that have arisen in connection with the recent widespread evaluations by public companies of their historical stock issuance processes. Jabil is in the process of evaluating this guidance. It is premature to determine whether or not the application of that guidance to the company’s circumstances will result in it recording any additional compensation expense, or that it will cause the company to determine that it would need to restate financial results for any prior period.  As previously announced, the company’s Board of Directors appointed a special committee of the Board to review the company’s stock option grant practices in response to derivative lawsuits filed concerning certain stock options grants. In addition, a similar derivative lawsuit has been filed in Federal Court, as well as a purported class action securities fraud lawsuit concerning historical statements the company has made with respect to stock options.  The special committee of the Board is in the process of conducting its investigation and analysis of the claims asserted in the derivative action. Jabil is cooperating fully with these ongoing events of the Board’s special committee, the SEC’s informal inquiry on stock option grants and the subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’s Office regarding certain stock option-related material. The company does not anticipate having any additional comment on this topic until it makes its next filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I will now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander. 
Forbes Alexander: Thank you, Beth. I will now ask you to turn to slide 2.  Revenue for our fourth fiscal quarter ’06 was at the upper end of guidance at $2.955 billion. On a year-over-year basis, the quarter represents a 45% growth in revenue, and on a sequential basis, revenues increased by 14%. Please turn to slide 3.  Revenues for fiscal year 2006 were $10.267 billion, representing a 36% growth over fiscal 2005. Now I will ask you to turn to slide 4.  Fourth quarter revenues increased 14% over the third quarter. Production levels in the automotive sector decreased 4% from the prior quarter, reflecting seasonal lower levels of production. The computing and storage sector increased by 14% over the third quarter as a result of higher production levels than we had forecast.  Consumer products sector decreased by 5% from third quarter. Instrumentation and medical sector increased by 7% from the third quarter. Networking sector, levels of production there increased by 141% from the previous quarter. This increase reflects the results of our partnering with one of our communications customers in new lean manufacturing initiatives.  The peripherals sector decreased by 10% in the previous quarter, and finally, the telecommunications sector increased 6% over the third quarter. Now I will ask you to turn to slide 5.  Reviewing our sector information for the quarter and the fiscal year in percentage terms, they were as follows -- I will cover the fourth quarter first: For the full fiscal year: On a year-over-year basis, we have added approximately $2.75 billion worth of revenue, with our computing and storage sector growing 27%, our consumer sector growing 68%, storage 51%, networking 16%, peripherals 27%, our services sector, 34%, while automotive and telecom were consistent with the previous year.  In the fiscal year, two customers accounted for more than 10% of revenue. Those were Nokia with 20% and Phillips at 12%. Our top-ten customers accounted for approximately 66% of our revenue. Please now turn to slide 6.  Reviewing selected ratios and balance sheet items, the company’s sales cycle in the fourth fiscal quarter fell by five days to the lowest level in our history at 14 days. Inventory turns for the quarter were consistent with that of the third quarter at eight. Cash and cash equivalents were $774 million, as compared to $855 million at the end of the third quarter. The lower cash balance reflects the use of $200 million to repurchase shares and the payment in June of our first quarterly dividend of approximately $15 million, offset by cash generated from operations.  Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $95 million, at the higher end of our previous guidance, reflecting the continued investment to support forecasted future demand. Capital expenditures for the fiscal year were approximately $280 million.  With regard to our stock repurchase, on the 28th of June, 2006, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million worth of shares of the company’s common stock. On the 27th of July, 2006, we completed this share repurchase program, repurchasing approximately 8.4 million shares at an average price of $23.76 per share.  As we move into fiscal year 2007, we are well-positioned to continue to generate cash flow from operations in excess of our investing activities.  As we discussed on our last earnings call in May, based upon the strength of our expected future cash flows, and as a commitment to working capital discipline, we announced a quarterly dividend. A second such dividend was announced on August 2, 2006, of $0.07 per share. This was paid on September 1, 2006.  I would now like to review some of our operational and capacity activity.  The three operational execution challenges we identified last quarter played out much as we anticipated during the fourth fiscal quarter. All are contained and on track to resolution, as we identified and discussed in last quarter’s earnings call. These items will diminish in terms of materiality to our overall operating performance as we move through our fiscal 2007.  Now I would like to update you with regard to our restructuring activity. On our earnings call last quarter, we advised you that we intended to realign our manufacturing capacity in certain higher-cost geographies to properly size our manufacturing sites with current market conditions. We have now begun consultation with employees during the quarter, and our Board of Directors have now approved such plans. Out of respect for our employees, their families and their representatives, statutory consultation periods required, we will not be providing details as to specific plant sites under consideration and discussion. However, during the fourth quarter, we did accrue costs of $84.6 million in connection with our restructuring plans, along with a deferred tax evaluation allowance totaling $35.6 million.  As we discussed last quarter, we estimate that the realignment of capacity could result in approximately $200 million to $250 million of charges. The cash cost of such charges remains an estimate in the range of $150 million to $200 million, over the course of the next two fiscal years.  Discussions with our employees and their representatives are underway, and we are complying with all statutory consultation periods required of us. Based upon the information available to us at this point in time, we estimate that we shall record additional costs through the course of fiscal ’07, with the majority of these estimates being recorded towards the end of the fiscal year. Cash outlays associated with these activities are estimated to occur in the second half of fiscal ’07 and through our fiscal 2008.  Now turning to capacity. With regard to capacity and our global footprint, our business outlook showed increasing production levels in Asia and Eastern Europe. As a result, in Eastern Europe, we plan during the course of fiscal 2007 to add additional capacity to our existing site in Poland and expand our operations in the Ukraine.  In Poland, we plan to add approximately 300,000 square feet of capacity. We estimate that this capacity should be available by the end of our third fiscal quarter of 2007. In the Ukraine, we shall be adding approximately 275,000 square feet, with this capacity anticipated to be available in the early part of our third fiscal quarter of 2007. The estimate for the total cost of these building expansions is expected to be approximately $36 million.  Our overall investments in fiscal 2007 are expected to be related to the above locations and existing plants as we continue to see overall increasing levels of production. We estimate capital expenditures to be in the range of $200 million to $250 million for the fiscal year.  I will now ask you to turn to slide 7, we will review our fiscal year 2007 revenue guidance.  The company’s growth over the past few fiscal years has been achieved against a backdrop of slow end-market expansion, our growth coming from our ability to capitalize on the continuing [inaudible] source.  We see little change in outlook for our upcoming fiscal 2007. Our current estimate for fiscal 2007 is revenue growth of 20% over fiscal 2006. We estimate from a sector perspective that the fiscal year shall be similar in make-up to that of fiscal 2006.  With regard to the first quarter ’07 revenue, we estimate our first fiscal quarter of 2007, our November quarter, to be in the revenue range of $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion, or an increase of 5% to 12% from the fourth fiscal quarter. This revenue growth is being driven by our usual seasonal ramp in our consumer sector.  I will now ask you to turn to slide 8, please.  Reviewing the sectors for the first fiscal quarter, our automotive sector is estimated to have consistent levels of production with the fourth fiscal quarter. Our computing and storage sector is also estimated to have consistent levels of production. Our consumer sector is expected to increase by approximately 30% in the first quarter, as we enter the peak demand season for consumer products. Our instrumentation and medical and networking sector are both expected to be consistent with the fourth fiscal quarter. Our peripherals sector is estimated to increase by 5% in the first fiscal quarter, and finally, the telecom sector is estimated to decline by 30% in the first quarter as a result of the short-term demand reduction from an existing customer.  I would like to hand the call over to Tim Main. 
Timothy L. Main: Thank you, Forbes. Revenue for the quarter was on plan, as were other important elements of our business. Excluding the impact of lean inventory initiatives during the quarter, organic revenue growth was approximately 4% to 5%. Revenue growth in our November quarter will be 33% year over year, 27% excluding the impact of lean initiatives.  We expect fiscal 2007 to be another solid year of growth across all dimensions of our business.  From a segment perspective, computing and storage, consumer, instrumentation in medical, networking, peripherals, and our services group all expect revenue growth well above end market growth rates in fiscal 2007.  Our diversification strategy and deeper penetration to each of our segments are contributing to a greatly enhanced value proposition for customers and a sustainable growth engine for our company.  On a quarterly run-rate basis, we are now the third-largest EMS provider in the world.  During fiscal 2007, growth will continue to come principally from the trend to outsourcing, expansion of our services, and market share growth. Geographically, we will continue to expand our low-cost footprint in Eastern Europe and Asia. Functionally, we will continue to grow our end-to-end supply chain services, including configure-to-order services, product development, and electro-mechanical capabilities. These services and product offerings will increasingly be tailored to specific market segments, differentiating Jabil solutions from other offerings in the market place.  We suffered through some growing pains in fiscal 2006, and highlighted some distinct operational issues impacting our fiscal Q3 2006 results. We are confident that we have these previous issues under control and expect them to steadily diminish in importance to our results over the first half of fiscal 2007. A rationalization plan is also proceeding according to plan.  The net result of these actions, combined with our continued revenue growth, should deliver solid results for fiscal 2007.  Finally, I regret not having the ability to provide full financial details of the quarter due to the continued review of the company’s stock option grants practices and our accounting for the same. We are fully cooperating with the review process and assisting in every way we can.  As part of the ops review process, we have restored over 340 back-up tapes through forensic computer experts. Searches of this restored data and other documents have generated a database of 175,000 documents, with over 850,000 pages of data. There have been extensive interviews of numerous relevant persons involving several nationally recognized law firms and accounting experts. Over 13,000 option grants were issued in the period being reviewed, and this has entailed thousands of man-hours and time, and over $3 million in expense to the company in the fourth quarter alone.  The investigation is not under management’s control, but at this point, we believe we should be in a position to file our 10-K on time. That is our objective. I can promise you all this -- as soon as the review process is complete and we are able to publish GAAP numbers, we will do so and we will schedule an additional call to review those results. 
Beth Walters: Operator, we are now prepared to take some questions on the [show] that was presented. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon, a couple of questions. On the top line, can you talk about networking and consumer trends, specifically if you took out the Cisco lean transfer, what was networking looking like, up sequentially or was it flat? Why was consumer down 5%?
Forbes Alexander: With regard to the lean initiative, sequentially that was up approximately about 8% or 9% if we take out the lean initiative, quarter over quarter. 
Timothy L. Main: Consumer was down principally due to some inventory corrections from several of our customers, principally in Europe, primarily in home entertainment products. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Talking about the full year guidance of 20%, it sort of assumes a slowing growth rate as you go through the year based on your first quarter outlook. Can you talk about the level of conservatism in saying 20%, and what could turn that into a higher number?
Forbes Alexander: Your initial observation is correct. What I would point you to and caution investors on is that our first fiscal quarter is typically a very large quarter for the company, in particular with the element of consumer business we have. We were 36% last year and continued growth in that sector, so we are seeing the seasonal demand.  The shape of our year may turn out better than we are looking at here in terms of this 20% guidance, very much dependent upon how we see consumer demand responding in the latter part of the November timeframe and into December and January. Over the last couple of fiscal years, we have seen that consumer business -- I assert it as the tail, but certainly holding there in terms of the demand profile for the company.  But certainly, from where we sit now, 20% seems like a very reasonable number with the visibility we have, and yes, there is opportunity to grow that beyond there. 
Timothy L. Main: Really, Steve, if you look at fiscal 2006, it was really an extremely hot year. I mean, the kind of revenue growth we put up was extremely high. It has not been that high since -- probably since the dot-com communications explosion.  We started 2006 with an expectation that was quite a bit below where we ended up. I mean, it was about a $9 billion year. We ended up at 10. The previous year, I think our initial guidance was $5.7 billion to 6.2, we ended up at over 7.  Given the macro-economic trends, I think it is appropriate to be relatively conservative. The focus this year probably will not be on revenue growth. The management focus this year will be earnings growth, capital efficiency, and making sure that the revenue that we have generated predictably delivers better profitability and return on invested capital than we had in ’06. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Fair enough, and then one last question. Could you -- I know you cannot talk specifically about gross margin trends and you said that the operational issues are improving as planned. Outside of that, was there anything else impacting gross margins that you could sort of preview?
Timothy L. Main: I don’t think so. I think -- again, we are not a gross margin focused company, but even from an operating margins standpoint, what is happening, with these operational issues behind us, one of the dynamics in our business we have talked a lot about is that we have a lot of production in low-cost locations. That continues to increase. Most of the revenue growth is occurring in low-cost locations. In addition to that, the material content in our business continues to increase. What that is going to mean is that gross margins are going to fluctuate based on how much material content is in our business, but it is still our intent to have operating margins improve over time through leveraging operating expenses, SG&A expenses, and being very efficient in the capital we use in the business. 
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Fair enough. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Louis Miscioscia with Cowen.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Co.: Thank you. Tim, I was wondering if you could maybe help us out a little bit with the -- I guess not putting out financials and going back and mentioning the new SEC guidance. Going back to the analysts meeting, I would have thought if there was no financial impact because there was no back-dating of options that the new guidance from the SEC wouldn’t really make a difference one way or the other, or is it the concern that some options do have to be adjusted somewhere?
Timothy L. Main: It would be grossly -- by the way, this is the first time I think the operator has your name right, so I think that is a good omen for all of us for fiscal ‘07. It would be very inappropriate for me to comment on the investigation and why there is an expense or there isn’t an expense or why there is delay. One of the reasons I pointed out the number of documents that have been generated, 175,000 documents, 850,000 pages of data, 13,000 option grants issued in the period being reviewed, $3 million in expense to the company -- the scale of this review process is very comprehensive, and it is not under our control how fast it moves. Part of the review process is an independent committee that has their own schedule and we are not in control of that. When that review process is complete, we will publish numbers as rapidly as we can.  I can only promise you this -- that we, as soon as those results are available, we will schedule another call and we will go through the financial results in detail, including the explanation of anything that has come out of the review process. Until that time comes, then we cannot comment. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Co.: Maybe we can just switch over to the three issues last quarter. I know you did have a comment that they should be diminishing in the first half. Can you maybe give us a little bit more help on the quarter that just finished? Also, you had talked about getting back to 4%, I think it was, operating margins in the November quarter. Are you still very much on track with your prior thoughts after the last quarter, and basically everything would be close to what we expected, or any other comments here would be helpful. 
Forbes Alexander: In terms of the operational issues we identified last quarter, I think it is fair to say that we are on track in that regard.  With regard to -- in terms of guidance, in terms of income or margins of any sort, I am afraid I cannot answer that question. 
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen & Co.: Okay, thank you for taking my questions. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison of Longbow. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Good afternoon. My first question just has to deal with the restructuring actions, and maybe you could possibly now go into a little bit more detail in terms of the timeline for the savings to fall into the bottom line, the 40 to 50 [bibs] you talked about last quarter. 
Forbes Alexander: Absolutely. As we commented, we have accrued costs associated with the realignment or restructuring activities in the first fiscal quarter. The keyword there is accrued. Those are accrued under U.S. GAAP. There were no cash outlays in the fourth quarter with regard to that restructuring activity, and we do not anticipate really much of that would be diminished in the first half of the fiscal year ‘07. In other words, those activities will not commence until the back-half of the fiscal year, i.e. personnel will not be leaving the company until that timeframe in fiscal Q3, and wrapping up capacity.  So it will be the third fiscal quarter and we will start to see more of the full effects of that in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2007 and beyond. We will also see some impact there in 2008 as we move through that fiscal year.  It is a little bit early to talk about yet, depending on consultation, how we move through this in a satisfactory requirement, but certainly you will start to see the impact in our fiscal Q3 and the full brunt of that in fiscal Q4 of ’07. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: My second question has to deal with the use of cash in ’07 just in terms of beyond capital expenditures, maybe where you would look for acquisitions in 2007, by a geographic basis or maybe end markets. 
Timothy L. Main: Our acquisitions are relatively opportunistic and pointed to expansions in customer relationships, geographic footprint or services. From a geographic footprint standpoint, we are clearly interested in Asia, and from a service standpoint, I mentioned configure-to-order services, design, product development, and electro-mechanical capabilities. Those would be areas that are of interest to us and, of course, anything that is rational from a customer relationship standpoint, an expansion of helping OEMs convert from a vertical to an outsource model. We always have a high interest in that, provided there is a rational economic model and not a lot of high-cost capacity in the deal.  We always keep our rifles nice and shiny, well-oiled and loaded with ammo. If we see good opportunities come up, we have the benefit of a good balance sheet and plenty of cash and, more importantly, cash generation above what our capital needs are, to be able to fund rational acquisition activity. 
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: Thank you. 
Timothy L. Main: Having said that, the organic side of this business is very, very strong and we do not need to make any acquisitions for there to be excellent growth, certainly well above end-market growth rates. We feel very positive about the prospects going forward.
Shawn Harrison - Longbow Research: All right, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg with William Blair.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: First question I want to ask, I am still trying to figure out what the lean, I think you had said you expected it to add about $150 million to $200 million per quarter, and it looks like it was more like $300 million. The delta there I do not think is explained by the organic growth. Could you talk a little bit about whether that was higher than you thought it would be?
Forbes Alexander: Let me try to explain that. The number you quoted there, remind me, that was 150 to 200?
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: Yes, that is what I had in my notes. 
Forbes Alexander: Okay, that is correct. That is on a -- how can I phrase it -- that is on an effective 90-day period. If you recall in the third fiscal quarter, we removed approximately or we did not recognize approximately $50 million, rough numbers, of revenue or inventory associated with that lean initiative in our third quarter. So you saw a networking sector, I do not have the number in front of me, but it declined quarter over quarter. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: Yes, it is down about $60 million, I think. So you are saying -- 
Forbes Alexander: $50 million to $60 million, right. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: Start to finish then, you are up more like 260, and that makes more sense. Okay. 
Forbes Alexander: Right, right. Does that make sense to you?
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: Yes, it does. 
Forbes Alexander: Back into the previous quarter, of course, it is the number. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: Yes, yes, and that makes more sense. 
Forbes Alexander: So we did see some sequential growth there of 8%, 9%, if you strip out that lean initiative. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: Yes, I know, it gets a lot closer. Then, can you just talk about whether or not the working capital worked out the way you expected it too? In other words, the amount of inventory we had and was it completely offset by increases in payables? 
Forbes Alexander: Yes, it was. It was -- it turned out as we expected, as you correctly point out. We did assume inventories associated with that lean initiative, and correspondingly, the payable matched to that, yes it did. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: My other question was -- I do not know if you gave us this directly or just gave us the pieces to know what free cash flow was if we back out the share repurchases, the dividend, and then maybe -- I do not know if there was any cash element of the restructuring, but if you net all that out, what was free cash flow in the quarter?
Forbes Alexander: I would love to, Jeff, but unfortunately, my hands are tied in that regard, given that we are not in a position to provide any GAAP or operating numbers here. 
Timothy L. Main: I know it does not seem like a GAAP number, but you have to start with earnings to get cash flow. 
Forbes Alexander: So I apologize. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Co.: Yes, I thought maybe we could just do it from the balance sheet. Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Walker of Credit Suisse. 
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you. Just one more question on the margin front, I probably know what the answer is. You had said that you would be able to do at least 4% operating margins in the November quarter. Are you able to continue to endorse that?
Timothy L. Main: We are -- our hands are kind of tied on that. I cannot -- we cannot give you core guidance without giving you GAAP guidance, and that would be -- and to go back and even validate something I said before would be a validation of one metric over the other.  I can tell you this; I think the business is on track, it is moving in the direction we thought it would move. We do not see any major distortions to our business and we feel pretty good about the track we are on and the trajectory we are on. As soon as we are in a position to provide you GAAP earnings, we will go through all the core numbers as well and bring you completely up to speed. 
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse First Boston: Just on the telecom guidance, down 30% sequentially. I heard you say that you are seeing demand reduction, but it is still a pretty sharp reduction. I want to make sure there is not a lost customer or a program that you walked away from, or anything like that. 
Forbes Alexander: No, absolutely not. There is no loss of customer. That customer is a good customer. That is a strong customer. We have not walked away from any piece of business. We are their provider for their product set, but they did see a demand reduction in their business outlook in our first fiscal quarter and certainly from the visibility we have, that makes a nice recovery as we move through fiscal ’07 and beyond. 
Michael Walker - Credit Suisse First Boston: Just a final question, just so I can understand the strictures that are on you guys right now. Tim, you know, back at the analyst day in May, which was after the whole options thing had started, you showed us the dates of the board logs when the options were recorded. You were pretty adamant at the time that there was simply no back-dating that took place. I just want to make sure I understand correctly that you are not necessarily walking away from that position, but you are saying that you are simply not allowed to have a position on whether back-dating took place or not. 
Timothy L. Main: I am allowed to have a position because I am in control of my own speech process and thought process, but at this point, the review process is not complete. It is just inappropriate for me to comment until that review process is completely done.  I think you should appreciate and help your investors appreciate that what is contemplated as a review process at one point in time can change. The number of documents that have been reviewed and the number of people and man hours gives you an appreciation for the comprehensiveness and the scope of this review process. That is not changing anything I have said in the past, but for me to validate or update my comments would be inappropriate until the review process is complete. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin of Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you, just one quick question. You talked about the expenses related to the whole option issue amounting to about $3 million. Is that something that is going to flow through the income statement?
Timothy L. Main: Yes. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: So we will see -- 
Forbes Alexander: That $3 million is for the fourth fiscal quarter. Obviously we are now into our first fiscal quarter and the inquiry is ongoing, or the investigation is ongoing. We anticipate further costs. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: But you cannot -- can you give us an estimate at this point?
Forbes Alexander: I cannot at this point, no. I would say the investigation is pretty much out of management’s hands. I am unable to do so. 
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: If I can take another stab at the operational issues, it sounds like things are going as planned, but could you rank for us in order of the most progress of the three issues? Could you give us an idea of which issues are going better than others?
Timothy L. Main: I think our services business is the most rapid turnaround. The Americas issues are in progress and the rationalization process is actually a part of improving profitability in the Americas, but with this specific issue we identified as something that takes a little bit longer to resolve, and then electro-mechanical tooling operation we said in the last call would take at least the first two quarters of fiscal ’07 to completely resolve, or at least to have it diminish in materiality to our financial results. That is on track, but that is the longest pole in the tent with regard to those three issues. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian White of Jefferies & Company.
Brian White - Jefferies & Co.: Forbes, I am wondering, could you talk a little bit about inventory and the sequential increase that you saw there?
Forbes Alexander: Again, my hands are tied a little bit in that regard, in terms of the inventory dollar growth, but our turns’ about eight. We did anticipate or we discussed bringing on inventory from the lean initiative, which was in the range of $150 million.  Certainly the revenue was around about eight turns for the quarter. 
Brian White - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, and would we expect inventory to go up in the November quarter, sequentially?
Forbes Alexander: That would very much depend upon how we see the consumer forecast and volumes as we move into the December period, but certainly I would hope to hold that flat to see some of those burn that off, as I say. We are pre-positioning for some healthy growth here in our first fiscal quarter, but certainly we should hope to see that level off and just come down a little bit.  One of the things I would point out in terms of why I cannot give you specific dollar numbers around inventory payables and receivables, the cash cycle did improve by five days in the quarter, so there was some good working capital management during the course of the period. 
Brian White - Jefferies & Co.: Tim, if you look at the different markets in ’07, what market do you think will grow the fastest? 
Timothy L. Main: For Jabil, even with the lean initiative, we will see, on absolute dollar basis, the networking segment grow quite a bit during the year. I would expect to see organic revenue growth in the segment, even excluding the lean initiative.  I think we will still see very strong growth out of the instrumentation and medical segment. I think we will see strong growth in consumer, and I think in computing and storage, which is growing as a segment, we will see high double-digit or high-teens, low-twenties type of year-over-year revenue growth in that segment. That happens to be a very strong segment for us and we are making significant progress in enterprise computing and storage, and that is a great segment for us. 
Brian White - Jefferies & Co.: When you talk about 20% growth for the year, what are you assuming in terms of end markets?
Timothy L. Main: It is a fairly conservative view of end markets. It does not discount the recession, to state the obvious. We are looking for very moderate, slow-to-moderate GDP kind of growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Shawn Severson of Raymond James.
Shawn Severson - Raymond James: Thank you. Good afternoon. Tim, could you just give a little color on the organization itself, and maybe how -- has this whole options thing been incredibly distracting? I know you said you spent a significant number of man hours on it, but have you felt that it has weakened any other part of the organization from a distraction standpoint, or do you think it has been pretty well isolated to people not involved in the day-to-day operations of the company?
Timothy L. Main: We try to keep that pretty well isolated from rank-and-file employees. They did not have anything to do with this and they have a full-time job, as we do. I do not think it has dispirited the organization, either. Jabil is kind of a stand-up-and-fight organization culturally. When this stuff started to happen, my inbox was just full of hundreds of e-mails from folks pledging support and continued commitment. I have not felt that waver at all, so I do not think it has dispirited. I think people are a little bit frustrated, as investors are and analysts are, that it takes as long as it has to fully resolve, but other than that, I think people have gone about their business, along with customers and everybody in the organization to continue to run the business as we have in the past.  It has taken up a lot of executive management’s time, but that is just something we have to put up with. 
Shawn Severson - Raymond James: You found everything, from a compliance standpoint, you know, IT systems and the information that you need, I assume this was a pretty good test of the IT systems in terms of financial reporting and such. Has that been -- you know, any additions or changes you wanted to make there, or has it been pretty solid?
Timothy L. Main: I think that has been pretty solid. 
Forbes Alexander: I concur. Pretty solid. 
Shawn Severson - Raymond James: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Yuri Krapivin of Lehman Brothers.
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon, everybody. Could you comment on your supply chain situation? We keep hearing from different companies that the supply chain overall remains tight and lead times for certain components are still extended. What has been your experience lately?
Timothy L. Main: I think generally speaking, lead times are relatively stable. From a supply chain management standpoint, logistics costs we expect will continue to increase as energy and fuel prices go up. Lead times extended a little bit earlier in the year. They have stabilized somewhat. There are certain organizations in memories and other devices that are in periodic short supply, particularly in this time of year when the consumer electronics business is starting to ramp up.  I think it is a very maneuverable, livable component marketplace. 
Yuri Krapivin - Lehman Brothers: Can you provide an update on your relationship with Phillips? Your regional agreement with them expires soon and I believe you have been negotiating new terms with them. 
Timothy L. Main: I think the Phillips relationship is in good shape. The expiry of the initial agreement will occur in October. We would expect Phillips to continue to be a significant customer for Jabil. I do not expect any significant disruptions of our business.  I think that investors should take a look at the value of incumbency when they look or think about what the ramifications of the initial contract period will be. Generally speaking, companies that have engaged in that type of activity have enjoyed a continuing relationship following the expiry of the initial agreement.  That has been true of our competitors as well as Jabil, so we would expect volumes to fluctuate based on how Phillips does in the marketplace and how we do competitively, and that can change from time to time, but we think Phillips is a great company and a good customer. I think we will have a very solid business relationship with Phillips in ’07. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Dinges of JP Morgan.
Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan: Forbes, a quick one for you -- just a point of clarification here that the cap-ex that you are expecting for next year, $200 million to $250 million, that is inclusive of the roughly $40 million that you are going to spend for the two buildings. Is that correct?
Forbes Alexander: That is correct, yes. 
Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan: Is the function of why cap-ex seems a little bit lower than I think some of us were expecting is that some of the equipment from some of the sites you are downsizing can be moved to other sites on an as-needed basis, and therefore not as much new equipment that you are having to purchase?
Forbes Alexander: There is some of that, but really, if you look at our capital expenditures in fiscal ’06, we were approximately $280 million, or roughly about 10% of the additional revenue we added. That is typically a good measure in terms of our capital expenditures. Our guidance we have given, we are adding just over $2 billion in fiscal ’07 over ’06, so it is in the range there.  Last year, we did add capacity in China, a site in India as well, which were roughly, in terms of building costs, in the same type of region, $35 million to $40 million. 
Timothy L. Main: And getting more, better productive capacity and utilization of existing assets in place. 
Forbes Alexander: Absolutely. 
Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan: Then, just a quick one for you, Tim, along the lines of the distractions, perhaps, that have been caused by what is going on with all the investigation and so forth, but a slightly different way to ask the question, which is as you guys look forward, you are now at the end of your fiscal year. Obviously this is the time of year where you go through and evaluate compensation and the mix that you are going to have between cash compensation, equity-based compensation, and various forms of equity-based compensation. Is it fair to say that there is a shift inside your organization there that perhaps weighs that a little bit more towards the cash compensation now, given some of the things that have happened? Or is it really expected to be no change? Essentially, if it is option-based or it is cash-based, it is all falling through the income statement now. 
Timothy L. Main: That will be, in the end, up to the compensation committee of the company. We have not established that yet. I do not anticipate any major shifts. The people on the management team I think would rather have equity than cash. Cash is good, but for many years, the philosophy of the company has been that the primary objective of management should be weighted to long-term shareholder wealth and long-term value of the company. We are big believers in that. I do not think any of these short-term issues that are very important for us to deal with and require our attention, I do not think any of that should detract from how we have been set in management and how we have run the business in the past.  We want to grow operating income. We want to have efficient use of capital. We want to grow cash flow. We want to build our market share. We want the senior management team in as tight alignment with shareholders as they can. The best way to do that is to have their compensation weighted significantly to the equity side. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Coupland of CIBC.
Todd Coupland - CIBC World Markets: Good afternoon, everyone. Just a quick question on consumer. The growth that you saw in this quarter and anticipating, I guess, for next quarter in 2007, could you comment on how much of that is market growth versus outsourcing, or is there still a long way to go in terms of some of the ramp up in outsourcing you have seen with a couple of those key customers? 
Timothy L. Main: I think this is -- in terms of our sequential experience this year, it is principally existing customers and seasonal patterns with those customers, as opposed to a major new customer moving into the revenue stream.  There are new customers that I think will contribute significantly in 2007 and will be probably a material part of our results when we look at Q1 of ’08, but they will be home entertainment products and other consumer electronic products that will be commencing during the course of 2007, and we would expect it to be significant contributors to 2008.  This particular year, it is principally going to come from existing customer relationships. 
Todd Coupland - CIBC World Markets: You talked about the growth that you expected in computing and storage. Is there any additional color there you can provide in terms of market growth or new programs, market share wins, new outsourcing? Just talk a little bit about that. 
Timothy L. Main: I think demand has been pretty good. Consumer spending has been fairly flattish, but enterprise spending overall has been surprisingly robust, in my opinion from patterns that we have seen in the past.  I think the end market strength has been a little better than I originally anticipated when I look back at the beginning of the year. Having said that, we are engaging in configure-to-order services there. We are doing more product development work. We have a couple of new customer relationships that are showing significant growth and we really love that sector. It is a very rich segment in terms of the number of services that Jabil can bring to bear -- complex design, complex MPI printed circuit board production, full-scale product integration, configure-to-order services. It is a complete end-to-end supply chain solution. I think we have a very attractive offering from a service standpoint for that space. We are going to place a lot of emphasis in that area over the next couple of years. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers. Your last question comes from Jim Suva of Citigroup. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you very much. Tim, can you give us a little bit of clarity on, as you are working through the resolution of the electro-mechanical tooling item, is that more a function of getting additional business in the door, or gaining share at existing customer or operational issues? How do you exactly work through that challenge?
Timothy L. Main: It is primarily a loading issue now. I think we know how to build the product, how to make the product. It is principally a loading issue now. I think we will get that resolved and as we go through Q1, Q2 and into Q3, we will deal with that issue. I think we will probably stop talking about it, because it will no longer be a material item to our results. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: For that loading, can you reach it with existing business or are there new businesses that will fill into that loading requirement?
Timothy L. Main: We could reach that loading with the existing customers in the site. We do not have to perform any miracles in terms of finding new customers and creating business development miracles. We could do that with the existing customers for the site today. 
Beth Walters: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. As Tim has mentioned several times throughout this call, we will look forward to sharing our full results when we are able to publish them. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s Jabil Circuit fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-06-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters, VP IR and Corporate Communications Forbes Alexander, CFO Tim Main, President, CEO
Analysts: Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch Scott Craig, Banc of America Thomas Dinges, JP Morgan Lou Miscioscia, SG Cowen Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns Michael Walker, Credit Suisse Brian White, Jeffries & Company Matt Sheerin, Thomas Weisel Partners Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder Shawn Severson, Raymond James
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Meredith and I’ll be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this simply press “*” then the number “1” on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press the “#” key. Thank you. I would now like to conference over to Beth Walters, Vice President of Communication and Investor Relations, please go ahead mam.
Beth Walters, VP IR and Corporate Communications: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today on the call are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Main, and our Chief Financial Officer, Forbes Alexander. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the investor section along with today’s press release and a slide show presentation on the third quarter and fiscal year. During the course of this conference call we will make forward looking statements including notes regarding the anticipated outlook for our business, our currently expected fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2006 results, our first quarter fiscal year 2007 revenues and core operating margins, and our long-term outlook for our Company, our industry, our business sectors, and our potential realignment of our manufacturing capacity and the related cost and timing. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions involving risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to fluctuations and operating results, the results of the review of our past stock option grants being conducted by a special committee of our board and government authorities, the accuracy of the stated dates of our historical option grants, and whether all proper corporate and other procedure were followed, the impact of any restatement of financial statements of the Company or other actions that maybe taken as required as a result of such reviews. Risks and costs inherent in litigation including that related to the Company’s stock option grants or any restatement of the financial statements of the Company, whether we will realign our capacity and any such activity will adversely affect our cost structure, our ability to service customers and labor relations, our ability to effectively address certain operational issues that have adversely affected certain of our U.S. operations, changes in technology, competition, anticipated growth for us and our industry that may not occur, managing rapid growth, managing any rapid declines in customer demand that may occur, our ability to successfully consummate acquisitions, manage the integration of businesses we acquire, risks associated with international sales and operations, retaining key personnel, our dependence on a limited number of large customers, business, and competitive factors generally affecting the electronic manufacturing services industry, our customers and our business, and other factors that we may not have currently identified or quantified and other risks, relevant factors, and uncertainties identified in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005, subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and our Securities filing. Jabil disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. As previously announced, the Company’s board of directors have appointed a special committee of the board to review the Company’s stock option grant practices in response to a derivative loss suit filed concerning stock option grants. This special committee of the board is in the process of conducting its investigation and analysis to the claims asserted in the derivative action. Subsequent to the filing of the derivative action, the Company was notified that the Securities and Exchange Commission of an informal inquiry concerning the Company’s stock option grants. Jabil has since received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York requesting certain stock option related material. The Company is cooperating fully with the board’s special committee, the SEC, and the U.S. Attorney’s office. However, because this is an ongoing investigation, we cannot comment further at this time and will not be taking questions on this matter during the call today. Turning to the results for the quarter, please turn to slides 2 and 3 if you are following along with the slide show posted on the Jabil website. Results for our third fiscal quarter of 2006 on revenues of $2.592 billion, our GAAP operating income increased 6% to $77.3 million. This compares to $73.2 million in GAAP operating income for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income excluding amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation for this quarter was $93.4 million or 3.6% of revenue, as compared to $84.7 million or 4.4% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per share were $0.36. On a year-over-year basis, the quarter represents a 34% growth in revenue and a 9% growth in core operating income. On a sequential basis, revenues increased 12%, core operating income declined 3%. As announced last week, the decline in core operating income was driven primarily by operational issues within our repair and electromechanical services operations and certain operations in the Americas region. We will provide further update to the resolution of these issues on today’s call. Please turn to side 4 for a discussion of results of the quarter looking at revenue by sector. Our third quarter revenues were towards the upper end of our previous guidance which was an increase of 12% from the second quarter. Production levels in the automotive sector increase 13% from the prior quarter, reflecting higher than anticipated demand for assemblies in Europe, which was offset by lower than expected U.S. volume. Our computing and storage sectors increased 9% from the second quarter as a result of higher production levels than forecast. The consumer products sector increased 24% in the quarter from the seasonally low second quarter. This growth reflects a ramp of existing and new products with our two largest customers in this sector. Instrumentation and medical sector increased 20% from the second quarter, reflecting the ongoing growth of assemblies across multiple customers in this sector. The networking sector levels of production decreased by 21% from the previous quarter. This decrease reflects the result of our partnering with one of our communications customer in a new lean manufacturing initiative. The peripheral sector increased by 11% over the previous quarter. The telecommunications sector decreased 10% sequentially, reflecting the end of production for Lucent. Excluding this the sector actually increased 15% as compared to the second fiscal quarter. If you could please turn to slide 5, our sector information for the quarter in percentage terms was as follows: automotive 5%, computing and storage represented 12%, the consumer sector represented 38% for the quarter, instrumentation and medical was 18%, the networking sector was 9%, the peripheral sector was 8% for the quarter, telecom was 6% for the quarter, and our other category represented 4% of revenues for the quarter. As a result of the lower than expected income levels from our operations in the United States and Western Europe, the tax rate on core earnings on a year-to-date basis fell from 16% to 15% at the end of the third fiscal quarter. This has resulted in a year-to-date true up in the reported quarter or a tax benefit of approximately $3.6 million. The tax rate on core earnings for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year is estimated to be 15%. I’ll now turn the call over to Forbes Alexander.
Forbes Alexander, CFO: Thank you, Beth. I would ask you to please turn to slide 6. The Company’s sales cycle in the third fiscal quarter was consistent with that of the previous quarter at 19 days. Inventory turns to the quarter were 8. In absolute dollar terms inventory increased in the quarter by $240 million. Of this increase, approximately $49 million was associated with our partnering with one of communications customers and a new lean manufacturing initiative. The $50 million is associated with the acquisition of Celetronix completed during the quarter along with the pre-positioning of inventory for our continuing strength and demand in the upcoming fourth fiscal quarter. On a comparable basis for last quarter, inventory terms were consistent at 9. Day sales outstanding improved by 2 days as compared to the end of the second quarter at 40 days. Accounts payable increased by $259 million, an improvement of 2 days as compared to the end of the second quarter of 67 days. Our return on invested capital was 16% in the quarter, as compared to 18% from the same period in fiscal 2005. Please now turn to slides 7 and 8. Cash and cash equivalents were $855 million as compared to $919 million at the end of the second quarter. Cash balance is net of the $150 million of cash used to acquire the Celetronix operations during the third fiscal quarter. Cash flow from operations was approximately $120 million in the third quarter, our 22nd consecutive quarter of positive cash flow. On a year-over-year basis, we continue to maintain efficient control on capital deployed, while increasing our revenues and operating earnings. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $64 million. Fiscal year-to-date capital expenditures were approximately $184 million. Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $44 million. Amortization was $7.3 million. EBITDA in the quarter was approximately $137 million. In the first nine months of fiscal year we have generated approximately $270 million of operating cash flow while growing the business at 33% over the same time period. As we move into the final quarter of the fiscal year and beyond, we continue to be well positioned to generate incremental operating cash flow. Based upon the strength of our current and expected future annual cash flows and as a commitment to working capital discipline, we announced the quarterly dividend on May 4, 2006, of $0.07 per share. This was paid on June 1, 2006. We are extremely well positioned to produce operating cash flows in excess of our investing activities in fiscal 2006. I would now like to turn and make some comments with regards to our operations. As we announced last week, our operational execution in the quarter did not meet our expectations. I would like to take a few minutes to provide you more details on the challenges we face within the operations concerned. During the past year we have been establishing a 100 plus people strong electromechanical tooling operation at our Austrian site. As we discussed in our 2005 analyst meeting, we entered into this tooling capability to support the customer in the production of tools for injection molded parts. We have experienced delays in the ramp up of production due to resolvable technical issues in management process software. During the quarter, the operations were not reimbursed by the customer for the cost associated with this operation. This operation will continue to incur a cost in the fourth fiscal year in the range of $6 million to $7 million and will remain dilutive to our earnings until such time as we see demand levels flow through for tools. This operation is expected to break even by the end of our second fiscal quarter 2007 versus the previous expectation of contributing to our earnings in the fourth fiscal quarter. This operation is expected to contribute to operating earnings during the remainder of fiscal ’07. Secondly, we face operational execution issues in certain U.S. operations, experiencing strong demand and ramping programs. This resulted in approximately $6 million of lost operating income. We have operational development teams currently reviewing and assisting local management and improving operational processes at these sites. Appropriate management changes have been made and we expect to have these operational issues resolved within the next two fiscal quarters. However, during the fourth fiscal quarter, we expect continued dilution to overall core operating earnings as a result of these issues. Within our repair and warranty operations in the Americas region, we also experienced approximately $6 million to $7 million of higher material and labor cost associated with the ramp of a new program for an existing customer. This program will continue to have operational challenges throughout the fourth fiscal quarter and is targeted to provide appropriate levels of return towards the end of the second fiscal quarter of ’07. Within our repair and warranty organization senior management attention is being directed to these operations with appropriate local management changes having been made. We believe that an appropriate operating margin return for our repair and warranty revenue stream is in excess of our targeted Company average. We are committed to returning this portion of our revenue stream to such return levels over the course of the next few quarters. With regards to acquisitions, on March 31, 2006, we completed the acquisition of Celetronix excluding its memory business in India. During the quarter we began the process of integrating the acquired Celetronix operations and capabilities in India. We are positioned for continued growth in this region with the additional capability and management talent in India. We welcome our new employees to the Jabil team and look forward to your contribution and Jabil’s success in the years ahead. These operations will remain dilutive to our earnings in the fourth quarter as we continue to integrate the sites into Jabil. We expect contribution to earnings in the first half of fiscal ’07. Turning to capacity, as we have announced in our press release, we intend to realign our manufacturing capacity in certain higher cost geographies, to properly size our manufacturing sites with current market conditions. We will begin consultation with employees in the coming weeks, take our Board of Directors approval, and finalize these plans. Out of respect for our employees, their families and their representatives, statutory and consultation periods require, we will not be providing details this evening on specific planned sites under consideration. We currently estimate that the realignment should result in approximately $200 million to $250 million of charges, which would involve plant closing and head count reductions. It is currently estimated that a significant portion of these charges would be recorded in the Company’s fourth fiscal quarter. The cash cost of such charges is currently estimated to be in the range of $150 million to $250 million over the course of the next two fiscal years. Now I would like to turn to business updates and would ask you to turn to slide 9. We estimate our fourth fiscal quarter of 2006, our August quarter, to be in the revenue range of $2.75 billion to $2.95 billion, an increase of 6% to 14% from the third quarter. $150 million to $200 million of this increased revenue is a result of material passthrough on certain program where we now retain full ownership for materials and the associated supply chain. Core earnings per share for the August quarter are expected to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.35. Research and development costs are expected to be consistent with the third fiscal quarter at approximately $9.5 million, reflecting our ongoing investment in design-related programs with existing and new customers. Intangibles amortization and stock-based compensation are both estimated to be $8 million or $16 million in total. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter are estimated to be $60 million to $90 million giving a range of $240 million to $275 million for the full fiscal year. As previously stated, tax rate on core earnings are now expected to be 15% for the quarter. Turning to revenue by sector for the fourth quarter, I ask you to turn to slide 10. The automotive sector is estimated to decrease by 5%, reflecting seasonal lower levels of production. The computing and storage sector is estimated to have consistent levels of production for the third fiscal quarter, as is the consumer sector with consistent levels of production. Instrumentation and medical sector is anticipated to increase by 5% in the fourth quarter, reflecting the ongoing growth of assemblies within this sector across multiple customers. The networking sector is expected to increase by 100% from the third fiscal quarter. This is the result of our partnering with one of our communications customers in a new lean manufacturing initiative as advised last quarter. Excluding the revenues associated with this lean initiative, we expect this sector to increase by approximately 15% from the third fiscal quarter. The peripheral sector is estimated to decrease by 5% in the quarter, and the telecom sector is estimated to be consistent with the third quarter. Please turn to slide 11. As you as aware, our strategy has been and continues to be to position the Company to capitalize on the trend to outsourcing. Fiscal ‘06 to date has demonstrated this to be the case and we now estimate our revenue to as follows as across industry sectors we serve: for full year fiscal ’06 automative is 5%, computing and storage 12%, consumer 36%, instrumentation and medical 17%, networking 13%, peripherals 7%, telecom 6%, and other 4%. As a result, we’re revising our revenue estimates up from fiscal 2006 from $9.9 billion to a range of $10.1 billion to $10.3 billion. Core earnings per diluted share will now be in a range of $1.47 or $1.52. This revised guidance represents a 35% growth in revenues and a 15% to 20% growth in core earnings in fiscal 2005. Looking into the first fiscal quarter of 2007, we see continued revenue growth and believe we’ll hit revenues in excess of $3 billion for the quarter. Operating margins should recover nicely and before percent or above. Despite our disappointment over the near term challenges, the opportunities of outsourcing continue to be strong, and I’d like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Tim Main, President, CEO: Thank you, Forbes. From an earnings perspective, our third fiscal quarter was a disappointment. We had achieved an excellent track record of meeting or exceeding our guidance for 22 consecutive quarters. Our intent now is to renew that track record beginning with fiscal fourth quarter. As discussed in our call last week and further by Forbes this afternoon, several issues emerged late in the quarter that significantly impacted earnings. We have identified the issues and are working diligently to rectify those specific issues. We expect to have them resolved over the course of the next two quarters. The issues are not associated with loss of a major customer, chronic or widespread, nor are they associated with a drought of growth opportunity. We take this very seriously and will correct the issues, but I also think some perspective is needed. We have growth, cash flow, earnings, returns above our cost of capital, and a bright long-term outlook. We intend to rationalize our footprint predominantly in certain high cost geographies, but this may appear to be reactionary to this quarter’s result; it is not. We are rationalizing to position ourselves for competitiveness in the next three to five years. In years past, customers frequently asked for the low cost production locations to be supplemented by higher cost sites, which would execute new product introduction and play the role of global air traffic control. In some cases, we have maintained high cost sites which were largely dedicated to one or very few total customers. In the past, this made sense in the customer relationship and in the overall financial performance of the business. Today, we increasingly see new product introduction, design, and global coordination being done within our low cost footprint obviating the need for supplemental high cost location support. Under this condition, the financial burden associated with maintaining some of the higher cost locations can no longer be accommodated. We see our high cost locations moving to high customer count, high complexity and configuration services largely supporting industry sectors requiring specialized expertise for locality. Our expectation is that the level of specialization will result in margins accretive to whole, otherwise the investment and location cannot be justified. We remain committed to a well-diversified portfolio of industry sectors and believe in the merits of a full scale global footprint. However, we will need fewer high cost locations to achieve our objectives. Ou rationalization plan will take some time but in the end it will simplify the business and make it healthier long term. The conservative approach would be to limit all of our comments to the past quarter in the next 90-day period. However, we believe this will be misleading and even more unsettling than we should be. Looking into our first fiscal quarter, we see many reasons to be optimistic. Among them, we expect over $3 billion in revenue in core operating margin recovery to 4% or better. This will be a great start to fiscal 2007, which we expect to be another year which will place us among the S&P 500s leading growth companies.
Beth Walters, VP IR and Corporate Communications: Operator, we’re ready to begin the question and answer period.
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind everyone, if you would like to ask a question, please press “*” then the number “1” on your telephone keypad. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon, a couple of questions. First of all, since you’ve been subpoenaed by New York, could you just reaffirm or comment on what you said at the analyst meeting regarding stock options, do that all stand?
Beth Walters, VP IR and Corporate Communications: Steve, we can’t make any incremental comments as I said at the outset because investigation is ongoing, but you can assume that everything we said historically still stands.
Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then with regard to the drags on this quarter’s earnings, I’m just trying to aggregate how much of the drag will be gone in the next quarter. It sounds like about a third of it would be gone, is that fair to say or I’m not sure if I did my math right?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: Steve, it is Forbes. With regards to the coming quarter, fourth quarter, the drag remains approximately the same. Overall we got our hands around these issues with workloads, but the range of guidance pretty much assumes that the drag is the same. We will continue to work diligently through that and we’ll see how that transpires as we move through the quarter, but it’s roughly the same.
Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, just regarding the charge, can you maybe make some further comments about the timing of it. Are you saying that this was planned anyway or are you taking the opportunity now to do it given everything else that’s going on in the business?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: No, Steve, this is review of our overall capacity. This is not a reaction to an existing short term hiccup in terms of our operations. In terms of the timing of the charges specifically, it’s very much dependent upon the consultation process that we have to go through or that we’re undertaking with our employees and the representatives and approval of our board, but my expectation is that in terms of the actual charges and how those will fall into fiscal years, we could see anywhere between 50% and 60% of those charges in our fiscal fourth quarter on the balance falling to 2007 or 2008. We would be in a better position to give you definitive bucketing of those costs on our next call in September, but that’s my best estimate at this point in time.
Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Craig with Banc of America.
Scott Craig, Banc of America: Good afternoon. Tim or Forbes, question on the margins, if you look out beyond the next couple of quarters when you think you have the three issues resolved, is there any reason to believe that margins have been “permanently impaired at all” or can we get back to levels that we were at prior to these issues. And then secondly, Forbes, on the restructuring side of things, I know you’ve thrown out numbers for the charges and the cash charge and stuff, but what’s your expected pay back on those…or another way to look at is how much cost savings do you think you can generate from those? Thanks.
 Tim Main, President, CEO: Let me answer the margin part and then I’ll turn it over to Forbes for the balance of your question. I don’t think there’s any permanent impairment of our operating margins. I would expect to see operating margin recovery in fiscal first quarter of 2007, and I don’t see any reason why we can’t operate this business in an operating margin range that we’ve seen over the last couple of years and potentially even improve on that record. We’ll need to continue to leverage down operating expenses as we have in the past. We’ll be approaching 3% operating expenses, SG&A expenses, over the next few quarters. So, you’ve seen us go from 5.5% a few years ago to 4% to 3.5% and we’ll be approaching 3%, and as we’ve said our long-term objective is to get SG&A expenses down below 3%, operating in the 2.7% to 2.8% range.
Forbes Alexander, CFO: Scott, with regards to the second part of your question, this realignment we’d expect to take somewhere in the region to $100 million to $125 million of cost out over the timeframe of this realignment. Obviously, we’re not going to enjoy the full benefit of that cost out. A portion of that does get passed to customers as we move these volumes into lower cost site production levels, and obviously the company’s not going to continue to grow over the next fiscal year and beyond. So, summarizing all that I would say over the next couple of years, we are probably looking at a 40 to 50 basis point improvement in the overall operating margin over the next two fiscal years.
Scott Craig, Banc of America: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Dinges with JP Morgan.
Thomas Dinges, JP Morgan: Hi, just a quick one to start with for Forbes. Forbes, when you look at the revenue for next quarter that comes through because of the shift of lean manufacturing, the additional that you get there, there’s some impact there on the margin because that’s not come. That’s just material passed through that’s coming through there. Can you quantify that at all if there is some impact on the gross margin side? And then I had a quick one on the segments.
Forbes Alexander, CFO: As you say that is a straight material pass through. The impact on the margin, I’ve not done the math on that…10 basis points or something of that nature.
Thomas Dinges, JP Morgan: And then quickly, the instrumentation and medical was quite a bit better than you guys had expected, maybe just help a little bit if that was all related to new program ramps or if there are some other things going on there, and just a little bit more color on the consumer side that was expected to be strong and expected to be kind of flattish for next quarter, just a little bit of color there will be helpful as well.
Forbes Alexander, CFO: On instrumentation and medical, we’ve been in transition over the last two or three quarters and that really continues to grow over the last two or three quarters. That’s one of the larger drivers, but we’re consenting to bring in assemblies into this instrumentation or industrial type opportunities that we’ve benefitting for over the course of the fiscal year. So again in summary, it’s a general growth in assemblies but one of the larger drivers has been this program we’ve been bringing into the company over the last two or three quarters. The second part of your question was with regards to the consumer. As we move into the fourth quarter, we do have some transition of programs going on with one of our larger customers in the quarter, product transitions, some assemblies coming off, new assemblies ramping in the quarter. You often see in the latter portions of the summer remembering that our two largest customers are European OEMs, somewhat of a slow down in the July and August timeframe as we hit the holiday season in Europe. So, nothing extraordinary there and we do expect a strong rebound as we move into fiscal first quarter in the consumer season.
Thomas Dinges, JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Lou Miscioscia with Cowen.
Lou Miscioscia, SG Cowen: Okay, thank you. Tim, with the suggestion for I guess revenue and margins for first quarter of fiscal 2007, I guess when we look to the full year of 2007, does it look like the number that was the prior EPS number on first call, are you comfortable with that or it sounds a little bit like if we start to re-ramp margins back up even from a 4% level and if it’s meaningfully over 4 then probably have to be a little bit more conservative on our bottom line number for fiscal year of 2007?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Lou, I’m sorry I can’t really give you an opinion on guidance and where you should put it for 2007. We’ll start providing more specificity around the full year on the next call, but I think a return to trend line type of growth is a reasonable expectation. I don’t see any reason why fiscal 2007 can’t be on trend line for the company overall. That’s a trend line that’s 10 years old and in spite of hitting a rough patch here in third quarter and fourth quarter, we feel very good about how fiscal 2007 will turn out and that’s why we wanted to give you a little preview into fiscal first quarter.
Lou Miscioscia, SG Cowen: Okay, great. The next question I guess I have is, at the analyst meeting I think a program that you’ve had maybe for about a year now is to try to really fill up these U.S. and European sites with high mix kind of work, would you say that that really hasn’t happened as quickly as you thought and that has been also part of the reason why I guess you’re taken this restructuring at year end; maybe if you can mention how many square feet it might effect? And then just one more quick one to followup.
Tim Main, President, CEO: I don’t know about square feet or that type of thing, but in terms of the Varian acquisition that we made for instance, that’s a very successful model that’s been very good for our business. I think it characterizes for me the style of manufacturing in high cost locations going forward. As I said in my prepared remarks, high cost locations have generally been a mix of NPI centers, global air traffic control centers for global customers, and in some cases fundamentally a subsidized operation from the global business unit as an accommodation to the customer. And as low cost geographies have become more competent at doing new product introduction and providing their own global support and that type of thing, it’s really obviating the need to have particularly repetitive manufacturing high volume applications coordinated or supplemented by high cost locations. It can all be done in low cost areas. So, what we’re going to see is I think a conversion of high cost capacity to the Varian type of model, and we need fewer sites to do that and they will be more specialized, and they should in the end contribute to the Company’s margins accretable. That would be an expectation.
Lou Miscioscia, SG Cowen: Okay, one more quick one, maybe a little bit more on a positive note. Any life kicking in from some of the Japanese OEMs either with new programs or existing programs, moving stuff to out sourcing? Thank you.
Tim Main, President, CEO: Yeah, there has been a lot of great stuff for us going on in Japan both in the automotive and display areas as well as ongoing conversations through our Gotemba facility and our Tokyo office. We would expect to see continued growth with our Japan domiciled OEMs in 2007 and in 2008 and I’m pretty optimistic about how that will go.
Lou Miscioscia, SG Cowen: And then possibly shifting some work or ramping some work with you all in China.
Tim Main, President, CEO: Yeah that will be principally low cost location production -- China, India, maybe some Eastern Europe.
Lou Miscioscia, SG Cowen: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Kessel with Bear Stearns.
Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns: Thank you. Just a question again or more of a clarification on the tooling that you spoke about earlier, Forbes. You were mentioning that this operation was expected to be I guess break even in the fourth quarter, now it’s expected to essentially not happen until the second quarter of next fiscal year. You mentioned the technically resolvable management software issues, but what else is it here? It’s sounds like there’s less volume than expected and as a result that’s why these losses will continue.
Tim Main, President, CEO: I think at this point we should simplify the whole scenario there. The operation has taken longer to ramp than expected. So, like any activity whether it’s a tooling operation or a core EMS site. If you install significant capacity head count and there’s a significant delay in the ramp of production, you’re going to run higher operating expenses than anticipated. So that delay has caused us to experience higher operating losses than anticipated. We expected some reimbursement for customers that will not be forthcoming. So, at this point, we are ramping production in the location. We expect it to continue to ramp in fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal first quarter of 2007, and by fiscal second quarter of 2007 begin to reach volumes that will either have the operation break even or contribute significantly to the business. We still think the activity is an important activity in terms of our competitiveness, our position in the market place, and we also expect the operations fully ramped and will contribute significantly to the profitability of the company. This is not an accommodation site, it isn’t a service or an activity that is a sideline, and it’s something that we fully intend and expect to be profitable and make money in the endeavor.
Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns: Right, I mean in the end I guess the question people have then is at one point Jabil thought it might be reimbursed, now it seems that that’s not the case, is that strictly because the ramp didn’t happen according to plan and maybe it’s something that Jabil’s going to fix and work on to ramp faster?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: There’s probably nothing and I don’t mean to sound glib or dismiss it, but there’s probably nothing that I could say distinctly that would make a hell of a lot of sense to you. I think you just have to take it on faith that we’re a good company, we engage in contracts and customer relationship makes sense. This is something we didn’t anticipate. It surprised us and at this point we just have to move on. We have to move on. We’re going to incur the losses in the fourth quarter. You know, if we have to go back and do this all again and we knew that this would have happened we would have fore warned you, and so we’re going to engage in some activity. It’s going to cost us $6 million or $7 million a quarter in operating income and we’re going to take our earnings down because of it, but it’s going to be great for us long term. All that’s true expect for the fact that we didn’t expect the lesson to be quite as expensive as it’s turning out to be. All that said, it should be profitable in 2007 and still an important activity for us.
Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns: Obviously the confidence is there that it’ll be profitable and I assume if at some point it wasn’t then you would have to make other adjustments relative to that operation?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Yeah we would but at this point we don’t expect that to happen. It is ramping production as we speak.
Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns: Right, and just from a big picture, I think Forbes addressed this earlier, in terms of the restructuring here in the U.S. that the cost and cash cost, the pay back is expected to happen approximately when, and if I’m not mistaken he mentioned that the impact on operating margins are 40 to 50 basis points over time, is that correct?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: I said 40 to 50 basis points over the next two fiscal years. We require to go through various consultation periods with our employees and their representatives and that will have clearly a bearing on the timing of these actions.
Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns: So, then when you look at it from a macro level, operating margin model for Jabil the goal was to get it to 5%. You guys were obviously very close to that. Is that still essentially the goal, obviously the near-term goal might be a little bit lower, but Tim I think you just said it was 5%, is it still within the realm here?
Tim Main, President, CEO: I think it’s still a realistic target. Unfortunately, we’ve got a few steps to go through, a few more steps to get there than what we wanted to have. But, a realistic point of view of being back in the 4% operating margin range as early as first quarter 2007 I think is reasonable and we’ll keeping working at it.
Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns: Last thing is, you typically gave your fiscal year guidance when you reported your fiscal year end in September, is there an expected change to giving fiscal year guidance at this point?
Tim Main, President, CEO: I’m not going to promise you that we’ll provide full year guidance at this point. We’ll have to make that decision over the course of this quarter. We’ll let you know in September.
Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Walker with Credit Suisse.
Michael Walker, Credit Suisse: I have one quick housekeeping question for Forbes. It looks like the Attorney’s C impact was part of core EPS for the May quarter?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: Yes it was. It wasn’t overtly material, Michael. As we’re looking at the fourth quarter, it becomes more material, but we will try to get our arms around that, but probably in the range of $2 million, something of that nature.
Michael Walker, Credit Suisse: Second question for Tim, can you just talk a little bit about the demand environment right now. I know you made a point right up in the title of the press release that demand is good, but just kind of noticing a couple of changes at the market level where in the consumer business you’re going to show a lot lower second half growth than you have over the last couple years, whereas in the communications business you reported an organic telecom increase of 15% I believe in the May quarter, and then you’re saying if you back out with Cisco lean in the August quarter that part will be up 15% as well, and these are two buckets that have been pretty laggard for you in the last couple of quarters. So, my question is are you seeing at all a shift in terms of growth opportunities, demand opportunities away from the consumer area and towards a more infrastructure area?
Tim Main, President, CEO: I think it’s a great question and I’m not going to say no, there’s no movement away from consumer. I’ll think there will be less reliance on consumer to hit trend line growth rate going forward. We enjoyed a very significant ramp of our consumer business in 2005 and 2006 and networking, communications, computing and storage were kind of sleepy sectors and I think we’ve done some real good for the Company in terms of our business development efforts and our execution actually in those segments. We’ve said all along that the communications business is still something that we are very interested in pursuing and supporting and we have a lot of very strong capabilities in that segment. It isn’t that we de-emphasized anything or overemphasized anything else, but strategy of the company is to have a diversified portfolio of growth opportunities that make us less reliant in any particular segment quarter to quarter, year to year, and if we execute that properly you should see ebbs and flows in any particular segment in terms of being the hot growth this period or this quarter or this year end, and you should see other segments to pick up the slack, and I think that’s what you’ll be seeing. This is why in spite of kind of the negativity around the third quarter and fourth quarter, we really have a positive outlook. I mean to have in this environment…and the best case of a stable to slightly positive end market demand environments, to be growing the business at 35% top line growth and looking forward in the first quarter of 2007 and seeing year-over-year growth that’s outstanding, jeez, all we really have to do is get a couple of these identified issues resolved, identified, put to bed, march through this rationalization process as best we can and come out on the other side of this with a bigger better machine that’s going to continue to print cash flow at some pretty significant levels. So, we actually are very positive and optimistic about quality of our business, the direction we’re heading, and when we see things like networking and telecommunications really start to grow again that gets us even more excited, because it’s even better opportunities for ourselves there.
Michael Walker, Credit Suisse: All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian White with Jeffries.
Brian White, Jeffries & Company: Tim, when you look at the different end markets, you look back 90 days ago, what has really surprised you the most in terms of strength and in terms of weakness in the end markets?
Tim Main, President, CEO: For the last year really consumer has surprised me a little bit how strong it is. I think consistently we have exceeded our initial guidance in the consumer segment, and flat screen TVs and handsets and even set top boxes have been very, very significant growth pools for us. So, historically that’s been the case. Over the last quarter, I really don’t see any surprises from an end market standpoint.
Brian White, Jeffries & Company: Even in networking and telecom?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Well, telecommunications has been showing signs of life and you’re seeing that show up with the other guys too, but that’s really more about market share, customer penetration, new customers. End markets were growing at 3% to 4%, now they’re growing at 20%. No, it isn’t a significant end market change.
Brian White, Jeffries & Company: Okay, and just when you look at the inventory increase, Forbes, ex the lean and the Celetronix acquisition, the $140 million increase, is that tied to the consumer market or is there a specific market it’s tied too?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: It’s not tied to any specific market. We’ve given a range of guidance with growth as we move into fiscal fourth quarter without that additional material passed through. Some of it is associated with that obviously as we’ve talked about, but I can’t say it’s specifically consumer or anything else. We got a number of ramping programs across the Company in instrumentation and medical and also within consumer, I talked about that a little bit earlier where we do have some program shift going on in that area, where typically when you do that you tend to have slightly higher levels of inventory as you start to ramp these programs in the quarter, but not specifically tied to any one sector.
Brian White, Jeffries & Company: Just finally on enclosures tooling, at the analyst day you indicated you were thinking about opening an enclosure operation. It sounded like it was going to be small in India. Is that still the case and would that also include tooling?
Tim Main, President, CEO: I think what we detailed was a campus capability that will provide the electromechanical infrastructure for products that we’re building in India. It’s particularly important in India because the electromechanical supply base is relatively underdeveloped and service logistics are difficult. So, it makes a heck of a lot of sense for us to have a campus located electromechanical capability. In the case where we cannot obtain supplier support, we may choose to invest in that activity directly because we must ensure that we have onsite electromechanical capability within a very brief distance, and that’s really what we were talking about. We weren’t talking about launching a large scale new activity doing our enclosures.
Brian White, Jeffries & Company: Would tooling be part of it?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Theoretically, tooling in some cases would be part of it, although that would not be an early investment. That would be potentially a little later down the road. We would certainly specifically identify any ramp associated with that tooling capability and incorporate that into our views on the market.
Brian White, Jeffries & Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Sheerin, Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, thanks. Tim, I have a bigger picture question for you. Given all the issues you’re dealing with, the three operational problems in the quarter, the option controversy and now the big restructuring, are you concerned about management being distracted from running the core business and continuing to grow the Company over the next few quarters, are there any operational changes that you’re putting in place to help manage this?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Yeah, it would seem that the number of issues that we deal with all have happened with a four- to five-month period. The chances of that would be at a million to 1. So, we’re dealing with a lot of things at the same time. I have been enthralled and captivated and motivated by the looks I see in the eyes of the management team and their commitment to ensure that we get the Jabil train back on the rails moving the direction we want it to move. The level of commitment is so high and so dedicated that it’s very heartening to see. Again, we’re not dealing with a business that’s shrinking. We’re dealing with a business that’s growing very rapidly and of all the challenges that we have business — and every business has its challenges — chief among them is accommodating 35% top line growth in a global footprint. We talk a lot inside our company about let’s stay focussed on the core business and everything else will take care of itself. What’s happened with the options and investigations, I’ve said everything I can say on that. You can go back and look at press releases and what we said at the analyst day; that’s done with. We need to put that in the past. That will take its own time, its own course, and management has no control over that whatsoever. All we control is the business, and fundamentally the business is in good shape because the operational issues are not chronic, they’re not widespread, they’re resolvable, and we have customer satisfaction, a reasonably good shape and a great global footprint and a great reputation, and we’re going out and capitalize on that and make fiscal year 2007 a great year.
Matt Sheerin, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay great, and then could you tell us how many management changes you’ve made as a result of some of these issues you’re dealing with?
Tim Main, President, CEO: There are plant level management changes and there have been three to five management changes at an execution level.
Matt Sheerin, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Alexander Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: Good afternoon. Tim, one more question on the restructuring. The plant has been the problem, you said strong demand there, is that going to be part of it?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Again, out of respect for people, their families, and statutory requirements, and the need to consult with counsels, we are not going to identify or even imply any operations that might be affected. I’m not trying to dismiss your question. That’s just all we can say at this point.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: Okay let me put it just another way. Resizing the U.S. where high cost areas implies that you don’t have enough demand to fill the plants up, but this particular plant where there was an execution problem, what is the capacity of utilization there? I mean it sounded as if that particular plant was full and why would it be so unbalanced in the U.S., for example, to have one plant really full and the other one is being restructured?
Tim Main, President, CEO: You can have significant ramp up of new businesses that you underestimated the complexity. You’ve had four material procurement practices, you didn’t file the Jabil cook book in terms of the recipe of launching new programs. It could be mispriced, misquoted. There’s a whole range of potential execution pitfalls that confront a fully loaded operation as much as it can confront a poorly loaded operation, and again this rationalization process, Alex, is really two different things. One is not a result of the other. I think to some extent we’re taking an opportunity here given the environment we’re in to be a little proactive, but I think the role and responsibility of our high cost locations has been changing, will continue to change, and we need to position the company in the right way to compete in the next five years, and the role of a high cost location when you go through all of our sites and what they’re really doing, I think we need to be more affirmative and having them be…again I use this word ‘vary and ask’ in their approach versus doing favors for high volume customers that are principally produced in low cost locations that no longer need new product introduction and air traffic control in the global context. We just don’t do those high cost locations any more. So, we need fewer sites.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, I think you’ve done a pretty good job explaining that. I’d like to shift briefly to the lean program at Cisco. You mentioned a figure and I didn’t get it, the amount of additional material passthrough in the quarter was $100 million to $150 million, was that it?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: Alex, it was $150 million to $200 million ended fiscal fourth quarter.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: A $150 million to $200 million, and those are items that previously were on consignment?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: That is correct, yes.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: So, now they’re going to turnkey and that’s responsible for most of the increase. That’s a very large amount. Your total revenue with Cisco then as a percent of your sales is going to go up a lot I would guess based on this?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: Well, on an annualized basis, yes the revenue stream would increase anywhere between $600 million to $800 million depending on demand labels.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: Right okay, and you’re not making very much margin on that, someone mentioned that before, right?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Yeah, that’s dilutive to margins. It’s one of the pressures that we have in terms of getting back on this track to 5%, truthfully we have a lot more material content in our revenue stream. It’s not indicative of anything other than that.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: And finally, it has been said that the Cisco lean program will involve pushing inventory back to the EMS companies, how much of the inventory increase that you expect or have had will result from that, and won’t that eventually go away because isn’t Cisco’s intention to install a pull system in which everybody has lower inventory, isn’t that the idea here?
Tim Main, President, CEO: Forbes wants to answer that question, but first I want to make it very clear to everybody on the call that we’re not talking about Cisco. We’re talking about a customer that’s going through a process with us.
Forbes Alexander, CFO: So associated with our process, we brought about $50 million on to our balance sheet at the end of the quarter we just reported. As we move through the fourth fiscal quarter, I’d expect somewhere in the range of $50 million to $100 million of inventory to be added. I would also state that there will be an appropriate and equal offset at payable, so there won’t be any actual expansion in working capital, but you will see an expansion in absolute dollars in inventory. To your point, Alex, about this process and moving to your pool type basis, yes, that is the ultimate intention. I think it will take a quarter or two which I outlined on last quarter’s call for that process really to bed itself down. We’ve got inventory that we’re bringing on and that has been in place that will be consumed. We will take control of the supply chain and manage that process from here on out, and you will see efficiencies in that but it will take somewhere between one and two quarters to work our way through that.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: So eventually this bulge here will disappear, that’s what you’re saying?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: That’s correct, yes.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: And that’s the idea?
Forbes Alexander, CFO: Yeah, we’re efficiently right through the supply chain.
Alexander Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder: Okay thank you.
Beth Walters, VP IR and Corporate Communications: Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Yes mam, your last question is from Shawn Severson with Raymond James.
Shawn Severson, Raymond James: Thank you and good afternoon. Tim, could you just talk a little bit about kind of what will happen on a controls basis. I mean a lot has happened late in the quarter and obviously we’re surprised, and I understand some of it is sort of the eleventh hour activity but was there something that was missing in terms of the constant feedback throughout the quarter or are these things that are nearly impossible to figure out until things are rolled up in the final numbers?
 Tim Main, President, CEO: I don’t think we have significant or material weaknesses in our controls. I mean clearly we were surprised by it and therefore by definition I would have to admit we’ve should have known about it earlier, and we are working on our business planning process internally. We’re getting back to good kind of dashboard type of discipline to make sure that we’re aware of what’s going on through all of our operations and what the financial impact would be. So, we are taking this as a bit of a wake up call to get back to basics but in terms of being out of control on a chronic widespread way, absolutely not, absolutely not.
Shawn Severson, Raymond James: So, maybe it’s more of a human input error, is that what we’re talking about in terms of what people were feeding into the machine, I guess, do you want to look at it that way?
 Tim Main, President, CEO: There was an error somewhere…
Forbes Alexander, CFO: These issues are operational, inefficiencies through operational processes, be that through yields or just poor planning of material, expediting material into plants and such like in terms of freight cost, and some of those are pretty difficult to get one’s arms around. You’re in a fire fight if you will in terms of an operational scenario, so it’s certainly not a widespread epidemic control failure by any means. We’re very much in three isolated instances. We’ve got our arms around them and our management attention is focused there, and we will prove these to bed in the next couple of quarters and move forward.
Shawn Severson, Raymond James: Can you just explain to me how a typical repair and warranty contract is structure; I mean, how does it work and the length of term and re-negotiation, ability, and all of that? Thank you.
 Tim Main, President, CEO: Yeah, that’s changed over time and I don’t really think I can get into all the nuances of the contracts and that type of thing. It’s not really a contract issue, it’s more of an execution issue and a model change and a new program, and that kind of speaks to the late notice that the something had arrived, something that ramped during the quarter and got worse as the quarter moved along, and I’ll just leave it at. Again, these are issues that we’ll be working through in the fourth quarter and the first quarter looking forward into a very robust, strong first quarter from a growth standpoint and a nice recovery in operating margins as well. So, I think the overall manner of the management group is very optimistic about our outlook in ’07 and we’ll work through these specific issues as diligently and rapidly as we can.
Shawn Severson, Raymond James: Thank you.
Beth Walters, VP IR and Corporate Communications: Thank you everyone for joining us today. Again, playback will be available on Jabil website along with the slide show presentation and press release. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-03-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Walters - VP IR and Corporate Communications Forbes Alexander - CFO Tim Main - President, CEO
Analysts: Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch Lou Miscioscia - SG Cowen Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners Jim Suva - Citigroup Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley Michael Walker - Credit Suisse Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Circuit earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Ms. Beth Walters, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications of Jabil Circuit. Ms. Walters, you may begin your conference.
Beth Walters: Thank you. Welcome to Jabil's second quarter fiscal 2006 conference call. With me today are Tim Main, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Forbes Alexander, our Chief Financial Officer. Turning to our slide show which is posted on Jabil.com in the Investor Relations section, on side 1 our forward-looking statements. During the course of this conference call we will be making projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future financial performance of the Company. We do caution you that these statements are just predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents that we file from time to time with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K which was filed October 28, 2005. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or other forward-looking statements. This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the Investor Relations section, along with the press release and the slide show presentations on the second quarter and fiscal year results. Please turn to slides 2 and 3. Results for the quarter on revenues of $2.3 billion, GAAP operating income increased 44% to $83.3 million. This compares to $57.8 million in GAAP operating income for the same period in the prior year. Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation for the quarter was $96.2 million, or 4.2% of revenue, as compared to $68.1 million or 4% for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings per share were $0.37.  On a year-over-year basis, this quarter represents a 35% growth in revenue and a 41% growth in core operating income. On a sequential basis, revenues and core operating income declined 4% and 14% respectively, reflecting a seasonal decline in our (inaudible)-related business, although noting that we were at the higher end of our prior guidance for the quarter. Please turn to side 4. Looking at revenue by sector. As I mentioned, second quarter revenues did decrease 4% from the first quarter, reflecting that seasonal decline in the consumer sector. Production levels in the automotive sector decreased 15% from the prior quarter, reflecting seasonal weakness in demand. Our computing and storage sector increased 18% from the first fiscal quarter of 2006 as a result of higher production levels than we had originally forecast. The consumer products sector decreased by 14% in the quarter, reflecting seasonal lower levels of production and the ongoing ramp of existing and new products with our two largest customers in this sector. Instrumentation and medical sector increased 4% from the first quarter, reflecting the ongoing growth of assemblies across multiple customers in this sector. The networking sector levels of production decreased by 6% from the previous quarter. The peripheral sector increased by 16% over the prior quarter. The telecommunications sector increased 4% sequentially. Turning to slide 5, our sector information for the quarter in percentage terms was as follows: for our second quarter automotive comprised 6% of revenues; computing and storage comprised 12% of overall revenues; the consumer sector accounted for 34%, instrumentation and medical, 17%; networking accounted for 12% of overall revenues; the peripheral sector accounted for 8% of revenues; the telecom sector was 7% of overall revenues; and other 4%. Turning now to side 6, I will let Forbes take you through our balance sheet.
Forbes Alexander: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon. The Company's sales cycle increased by four days as compared to the first fiscal quarter to 19 days. Inventory turns were consistent at nine. Days in inventory increased by four days in the quarter to 41 days. In absolute dollar terms inventory increased by $50 million, reflecting a pre-positioning of inventory for continuing strength in demand in the upcoming third fiscal quarter. On a forward-looking basis, inventory days are 38 days. Days sales outstanding and accounts payable days were 42 days, 65 days respectively versus 41 days and 64 days in the first fiscal quarter. Our return on invested capital was, as anticipated, 19% at the end of the quarter. This compares to 15% for the same period in fiscal 2005. Turning to slides 7 and 8. Cash and cash equivalents were $919 million as compared to $876 million at the end of the last quarter. Cash flow from operations was approximately $6 million in the second quarter, our 21st consecutive quarter of positive cash flow. On a year-over-year basis we continue to maintain efficient control on capital deployed, while increasing revenues and core operating earnings. On a year-over-year basis, revenues increased by 35%, while core operating income increasing by 43%, producing returns on invested capital of 4 percentage points in excess of our weighted average cost of capital. Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $53 million. Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $44 million. Amortization was approximately $6 million. EBITDA in the quarter was approximately $140 million. We're very pleased with these results, and we're extremely well-positioned to produce operating cash flows in excess of our investment activities in fiscal 2006. Turning now to a review of our acquisition capacity and operations. We are pleased with the operational execution of our business units and plants in the challenging quarter. In particular, those executing to the seasonal decline in consumer electronics, and those ramping additional volumes and new programs. As we continue into the second half of fiscal '06, we shall be challenged in numerous plants with such ramps. We shall remain in a position to have adequate floor space capacity. Last quarter we announced our intent to acquire Celetronix, an Indian-based electronic manufacturing services provider. We are pleased to advise that this acquisition shall be completed over the course of the coming weeks, as regulatory approvals are received. We shall add additional capabilities in Chennai and Mumbai, India, making Jabil the largest EMS provider in India, and positioning us for continued growth in that region. Last quarter we updated you on the progress of our new facilities in Wuxi, China and Ranjangaon, India. We continue to invest in these sites and see production levels continuing to ramp in both facilities throughout the remainder of fiscal '06 and into fiscal '07, supporting customer demands across multiple sectors, such as peripherals, consumer, telecom and instrumentation and medical. Our investments in fiscal 2006 are expected to be related to the above locations and existing plants, as we continue to see increasing levels of productions across these multiple sites and geographies. We are tightening our range of estimated capital expenditures to be about $275 million to $325 million for the full fiscal year. Depreciation is estimated to be in the range of $180 million to $200 million. Please turn to slide 9, the third quarter fiscal '06 update. We estimate our third fiscal quarter of 2006, our May quarter, to be in a revenue range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion, for an increase of 7% to 13% from our second quarter. Core earnings per share for the May quarter are expected to be $0.43. Research and development costs are expected to be consistent with those of the second fiscal quarter at approximately $8.5 million, reflecting our continued successes in design-related programs with existing and new customers. As a percentage of revenue, we estimate operating margins to be approximately 4.4% of revenue. Intangibles amortization and stock-based compensation are estimated to be $5.3 million, and $7 million respectively. Capital expenditures in the quarter are estimated to be $60 million to $90 million. The tax rate on core earnings is expected to be consistent with that of the second quarter at 16%. Please turn to slide 10. I would like to address revenues by sector for our upcoming quarter. The automotive sector is estimated to increase by 7%. Computing and storage is estimated to have consistent levels of production for the second fiscal quarter. The consumer sector is expected to increase by approximately 30% in the third quarter, reflecting a continued expansion of existing customer relationships and the addition of new customers and products. The instrumentation and medical sector is anticipated to increase by 10% in the third quarter, reflecting the ongoing growth of assemblies within this sector across multiple customers. The networking sector levels of production are expected to decrease by approximately 25% from the second fiscal quarter. This is as the result of our partnering with one of our communications customers in new lean manufacturing initiatives. Revenues in this sector for our fourth fiscal quarter are expected to be 100% as this initiative is fully implemented. We expect a neutral impact in total working capital levels as a result of our partnering with our customer's lean initiative. Inventory levels are estimated to increase by approximately two to three days at the end of the third fiscal quarter, offset by a two to three day expansion in accounts payable. We expect such inventory levels to normalize as we move through the fourth fiscal quarter and beyond. The peripheral sector is estimated to increase by a third of a percent in the third quarter. And finally the telecom sector is estimated to decline by 12% in the third quarter. Now please turn to slide 11. I would like to update you on our full fiscal year guidance. As you are aware, our strategy has been and continues to be to position the Company to capitalize on the trend to outsourcing. The first half of our fiscal '06 has demonstrated this to be the case. As we move into the second half of the fiscal year, the level of product ramp activity remains high across numerous factories as we continue to expand existing and add new customer relationships. We now estimate our revenue to be split as follows across the industry sectors we serve for the full fiscal year: automotive 5% of revenues; computing and storage, 11%; consumer, 36%; instrumentation and medical, 17%; networking sector, 13%; peripherals, 7%; telcom 6%, and finally other, 5%. As a result, we are revising our estimates up for fiscal '06 from a revenue level of $9.3 billion and core earnings per diluted share of $1.65. Revised estimates for fiscal '06 are for revenues of $9.9 billion and core earnings per diluted share of $1.70. This revised guidance represents a 32% growth in revenues and a 34% growth in core earnings over fiscal 2005. Such estimates reflect investments we are continuing to make in people, systems, infrastructure, and research and development to support our growth rate in excess of 30% in the fiscal year, and ensure appropriate skills, systems and operational and product development capabilities are in place to support our continued growth into fiscal '07 and beyond. Revenue guidance includes approximately $80 million to $120 million of revenues associated with the acquisition of Celetronix, due to be completed in the coming weeks. This acquisition is expected to be slightly dilutive to earnings for the balance of the fiscal year, as we estimate to incur costs of approximately $3 million to $5 million associated with the integration of these sites into Jabil. We expect contribution to earnings as we move into the first half of fiscal '07. This updated guidance represents the addition of approximately $2.4 billion of revenue in the fiscal year, and an additional $130 million of core operating income. Our returns on invested capital are on track to increase to 20% for the full fiscal year, up from 17% in fiscal '05. Returns on invested capital of 20% are achievable as we move through the back half of the fiscal calendar year and beyond. Now I would like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Tim Main: Thanks. Let me start by thanking our customers and the people of Jabil for helping us to post another outstanding quarter. It is a team effort and I know everyone is working diligently through quality and made deliveries in a very demanding high-growth environment. Thank you for your tireless effort. It is your commitment to performance and execution that makes the biggest difference in our business. It is now clear that fiscal 2006 will be an extraordinary year. We started the year with an expectation for about $9 billion in revenue, and $1.55 to $1.65 in EPS, a respectable 20% to 25% growth rate over fiscal 2005. We now expect growth for fiscal 2006 to eclipse 30% for the year. In the second half of fiscal 2006 we should book over $5 billion in revenue, and earn over $230 million in core operating income, about 30% more than in the second half of fiscal 2005. We are on a nice trajectory, and we see sufficient opportunities for growth to remain on this path. Many of you will note that our consumer segment has been pacing growth this year and that is true. About 56% of this year's revenue growth will come from that segment. We have 16 customers in the segment, 15 of which will enjoy year-over-year growth. Let's not forget about the $1 billion in growth we are enjoying in other segments, notably the instrumentation and medical and the computing and storage segments. Most of the growth is coming from OEMs converting all or a part of their internal electronic design and manufacturing to an outsourced model. We will continue to emphasize diversified expansion of our customer base and global resources in order to more fully exploit this trend to outsourcing. We now have about 150 customers, and enjoy broad exposure to most major end markets. We are aggressively ramping new customers and programs around the world. For example, about 16 customers, representing approximately $4.2 billion in revenue, are presently in a state of rapidly ramping new business or programs with Jabil. Of the 16 customers, five are in computing and storage, five are in instrumentation and medical, and four are in the consumer segment. Telecom and services make up the balance. We're making significant investments in order to sustain our growth to continue to service our customers well. Our IT systems are being deployed in increasingly sophisticated ways, as we absorb more functions of the product supply chain. Our internal development of people and investment in their knowledge growth is increasing. We are actively recruiting the best people to help us execute and perform around the world. Investment in product development resources is increasing as demand is blossoming with our advancing know-how and capabilities. We are electing to make these investments at the expense of even more robust margin expansion in the short term to ensure the long-term sustainability of our business model. We expect to close the Celetronix acquisition very soon. In the next quarter or two we will be busy with the work of integrating this strategically important acquisition. We're gaining a critical injection of talent and know-how in a market with dynamic growth prospects. Presently, most of Celetronix output is for export, not domestic consumption, consistent with our view of India's evolving role in global electronics. India has a dual advantage of a rapidly growing domestic market, along with a rapidly improving platform for product development and manufacturing for export. We welcome the Celetronix people to Jabil's team, and look forward to their contribution to Jabil's success in the years ahead. All in all, a good quarter. Accelerating growth in the second half and a business model that is performing quite well. I think we're on solid ground for continued success in a growing industry.
Beth Walters: Operator, we're now ready for the question and answer period.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Merrill Lynch.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. A couple of questions. First of all, Tim, can you just go into a little more detail on Celetronix? What drew you to the acquisition as opposed to just doing more greenfield in India, and some of the specific capabilities or customers that they have?
Tim Main: I will start with the basics. We think that India will be a really hot growth market in the next few years. Frankly, our Asia personnel, they're pretty busy. We're growing the Asian region faster then the corporation is overall. So to ask them to fully exploit the India opportunity while they're concurrently continuing to do $1 billion in Malaysia and multiple billions of dollars and opening new factories in China, is a lot to ask of them. It is a different marketplace then where we operate today. It has its own challenges. Celetronix brings with it great expertise, great know-how in operating in the country. It is been owned and operated by the Tandon family, which if you go back in the annals of electronics history should be well-known to most folks. And they got a great power supply design capability. They do a lot of set-top boxes for export. They have been operating in India for about 25 years. So a great injection of know-how and capability in a high-growth market, and it takes some of the pressure off some of the rest of our Asian management team.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: And then just secondly on inventories, Forbes, you cut out a little bit when you were talking about the networking customer. Can you just go over how the inventories are going to work? Within that, given the growth rates at the Company, you called out the three days of extra inventories in the quarter. Is that going to be an ongoing thing if you are continuing to ramp for customers as opposed to saying it is a one-off?
Forbes Alexander: With regards to the networking customer, I indicated about two to three days of additional inventory at the end of our May quarter. That would be offset by a similar level, two to three days of accounts payable associated with that inventory. And that would be worked down through fiscal Q4 and beyond. That is a one-time event. In terms of the overall inventory position, we continue to ramp. I think there is absolutely opportunity here to continue to keep days at 37, 38 days and improve upon that, even while we're ramping. Our fiscal Q2 was an interesting quarter in terms of the shape of that quarter, in that we came off a seasonal high in consumer in November. The consumer demand continued through December. Then if you will, our quarter was more of a U-shape. As we lean into our fiscal Q3 we've got revenue growth month over month, February into March, somewhere in the region of 15 to 17% month over month. As we continue to move, move forward, I think inventory levels approaching 10 are very achievable.
Steven Fox - Merrill Lynch: Great. That is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lou Miscioscia with Cowen and Company. 
 Lou Miscioscia - SG Cowen: Nice numbers here. My first question, Tim, is if you're looking out, I know that by now you've got some business planned already for '07. Going back to the May analyst meeting, would you say that at minimum you're still going to fall within the prior guidance you gave of revenue growth to continue in the 20% to 25% range and operating margins to increase in the 30% range?
Tim Main: I'm not sure about the operating margin line, but I think the indications that we gave in terms of long-term growth expectations are still intact.
 Lou Miscioscia - SG Cowen: So '07 is continuing to shape up, or looking as good as obviously you're here now in fiscal '06?
Tim Main: I don't want people to get out ahead for '07 guidance. Lou again, I think the indications we gave in the May analyst meeting are still appropriate, but we certainly see no indication of the demand for outsourcing slowing down. If this year is any indication, it is really an extraordinary market. Our principal challenge in this market is to manage our growth, because the bigger we get, the more capable we become, the more opportunity we seem to beget. There are more and more big companies that would like to get out of electronics design and manufacturing. There is plenty of opportunity out there. I think the principal challenge for the team is not food supply, it is going to be execution. We will continue to focus on that, Lou.
 Lou Miscioscia - SG Cowen: One quick follow-up. Also at the May analyst meeting you had talked about growing your smaller customers, a lot of the ones that would be more regional in the U.S. that are doing high mix, low volume. Maybe just an update as to how that is going, and maybe if you've got that same strategy going in Europe? Thanks.
Tim Main: I will answer that in reverse. Europe is going a little bit slower then it is in the U.S., although we have a similar focus in Europe to develop the middle market and provide a compelling business model for customers that have requirements in that $5 million to $25 million range.  In the U.S. it is going very well. The Varian acquisition has turned out to be a superb injection of know-how and people for us. Our U.S. plants have converted to that basic business model of flexible manufacturing and non-dedicated work cells, principally. It has been covered up a little bit just by the fact the consumer segment is growing so fast there's not as much focus on the great growth we have had there.  The instrumentation and medical segment this year will be $1.7 billion or so in terms of revenue. And that is going to be $600 million, roughly, over the previous year. A lot of that is high mix manufacturing being done in all parts of the world. We're really pleased with how that is going.
 Lou Miscioscia - SG Cowen: Thanks, Tim.
Tim Main: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sheerin with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks. Tim, if I could just expand on the earlier comment and questions around inventory, there seemed to be concerns across the supply chain about some inventory building ahead of shortages, or price hikes for semis and other components. Could you tell us what Jabil's take is on the component supply situation right now? Have you had customers express concern or ask you to begin looking at that or building inventory?
Tim Main: Not that I am aware of. I'm not aware of everything we do anymore, in every pocket. Generally the commodity supply chain people that we have on the corporate staff, their dashboard is green with a few yellows here and there. Pretty good supply out there. Not seeing rapid price hikes, not seeing price erosion as rapidly as we saw in 2002, 2003, but it still feels like a very manageable market. Our inventory levels have a lot more to do with the shape of our Q2, which had a very soft middle and very strong beginning and end. We're positioning inventory for a stronger than expected Q3, to be frank. I wish our inventory execution were better. I wish we could turn inventory faster, and we will continue to focus on that. It certainly shouldn't be any indication to the investment community that there is a slowdown or shortages or aberrational behavior in the commodity marketplace, because we don't see that.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. Just a second question, a different question, Tim. Your growth seems to be coming from both small and large customers. Could you talk about your philosophy about working with small and mid-sized OEMs and the opportunities there? Is there a difference in the profitability profile of those customers versus the large ones?
Tim Main: Again, there are margin differences, but the great leveler across all of them is returned on invested capital. It takes more resource, more inventory, more people, more factory space to run these high-mix accounts, and so we will make a little bit better margin, but return on invested capital is very similar to what you might see in our lower margin consumer electronic space. That is really the most important metric that we look at. A little teaser for our analyst meeting in May, I think we will go into some more detail around these different industry segments, how we pursue them, how different they are from each other, and what our business model is to fully exploit the opportunity in these very, very dissimilar segments. I think you're right, the instrumentation, medical, defense and aerospace market is entirely different than what we are seeing in the consumer area. So it is important for us to have capabilities that fully satisfy customers across that broad range.
Matt Sheerin - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citigroup. 
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you very much. Congratulations. Can you give us a little bit more color on the milestones for the India acquisition? You had mentioned, I believe, a quarter or two of dilution followed by accretion. Any more color as far as the dilution, accretion as well as the revenues? Is there any seasonality associated with this acquisition?
Tim Main: There's a heavy set-top box component to the business, so there will be some seasonality. By definition, it must be very strategic since it is dilutive for the first couple of quarters. But there really, truthfully is a lot of work that has to go into transition of IT systems and establishing Jabil process controls and Jabil inventory controls and investment in management, that type of thing. We're keeping our expectations for profitability fairly low in the beginning. We think in '07 they should contribute to corporate averages or even better. We think we will see significant growth in India and have a lot of tail wind. We will have a lot of wind at our back as we grow that business. It should be good in '07. That is really what we're looking at, '07 and '08.
Jim Suva - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bernie Mahon with Morgan Stanley.
 Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: Good evening. Just a clarification question on the guidance for networking being down 25% sequentially. You attributed it to some lean manufacturing. Could you just walk through that? I didn't quite understand that.
Forbes Alexander: Bernie, it is Forbes here. Revenue levels down 25%, and what that is, is currently it is a two-stage manufacturing process, if you will, a process relationship that has been collapsed into one, which ultimately will bring benefits to both ourselves, the customer and the overall supply chain. Ultimately we will take inventory out of supply chain, and that will occur certainly over the next quarter or two.
 Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: A question on the consumer segment. You guys had better than expectations there in the February, and the guidance is also pretty strong. But it seems like a lot of that strength is coming from some of your bigger customers in that end market. Could you just talk about the customer concentration risks maybe for your top two customers? Are we talking about 30%, 35% of revenue now is tied to them? Does that concern you at all, and do you want to try to diversify your revenue a little bit more?
Tim Main: We are interested in diversification. We will continue to work on diversification. The customer concentration levels we discuss, I think on an annual basis. All I can say about the consumer segment it worked out terrific for us. There are 17, 18 customers in this segment. I think I said in my prepared remarks that were 16 customers, and 15 of them will enjoy a year-over-year revenue growth. It might be a little more broader-based then you have given us credit for there.
 Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: But is the majority of the upside that we saw in February and the stronger outlook for May, is it with two of your larger customers?
Tim Main: We're not providing customer-specific guidance. But if you look back at the 10-K, Phillips and Nokia were the two biggest customers, they were in the low teens. It would be tough to move the needle a lot if we weren't doing well with the bigger customers.
Forbes Alexander: There is also some contribution from Celetronix customers here in the back half of the year. As Tim just mentioned, the dominance is for that set-top box assembly there. That is contributing somewhere in the region -- I think the guidance I gave was $80 million to $120 million overall for Celetronix. Again, that is contributing in the back half of the year.
 Bernie Mahon - Morgan Stanley: That is helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Walker with Credit Suisse.
 Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. Forbes, your voice faded out when your talking about what would happen with the networking business in the fourth quarter. I heard the word 100%, but I don't know the context that you said it in.
Forbes Alexander: Okay. Let me repeat what I said. Bear with me one second. With regards to the networking sector, revenues in that sector for the fourth fiscal quarter are expected to grow by approximately 100% as our lean initiative is fully implemented. A third quarter event.
 Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: The networking business is going to be down 25% sequentially in May, and then up 100% sequentially in August?
Forbes Alexander: That is correct. The lean initiative, though it kicks in fully as part of this process we take full ownership for inventory processes. Ultimately inventory will come out of the supply chain.
 Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Is that purely a function of the dynamics around lean, or is there some additional physical business coming in the model there in August, because that is big move obviously?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, that is purely a function of the lean initiative, Mike.
 Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: My second area of question is just on the margin guidance. You're guiding the margins up 20 basis points sequentially it looks like for May at the mid-point. Just wondering, is Celetronix big enough to be part of that or is that all just the core business ex-Celetronix?
Forbes Alexander: We are planning to close this deal in the next couple of weeks. $3 million to $5 million worth of dilution in the back half of the year. You could account for -- there's probably $2 million to $3 million of that in this fiscal quarter as we deploy our IT teams and material controls and such like.
 Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: My final question is just around the consumer business. I think you guided that down about 30% sequentially. You talked about how it being down past that was a function in part of new business at your new customers. If you back out the new business, the organic demand, was that a little bit better in consumer than you expected?
Forbes Alexander: Yes, it was.
 Michael Walker - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kessel with Bear Stearns.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: In terms of Celetronix, Tim, what is the expectation built into guidance for this quarter? It sounds like it is going to close here in the next few weeks.
Tim Main: I'm not sure what it will be for this quarter. We said $80 million to $120 million for the balance of the year.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: That is the back half of the year, okay.
Tim Main: Yes.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: There will be some impact that might happen this quarter, but it is not factored in at this point or --?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. I would model slightly less than two-fifths.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Two-fifths of the quarter?
Forbes Alexander: Two-fifths of that $80 million to $120 million.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay, in the quarter. Then should we assume because, as you stated, it is going to be diluted initially here, does that mean it is running currently below Jabil corporate average operating margin?
Tim Main: Yes.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: In terms of the cash flow, I guess the first question is, Forbes, on the securitization, was there a change in that quarter to quarter?
Forbes Alexander: There was (inaudible). 
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: So it was $250 million again?
Forbes Alexander: It was $250 million at the end of the quarter. That is correct.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Then the cash flow, I think it was $6 million, so again a positive cash flow quarter. But this what I think the lowest cash flow quarter that you guys have had since 2000. What is the expectation going forward in terms of cash flow, especially with this inventory the way it is now, building up next quarter in preposition for demand?
Forbes Alexander: Now remember that inventory at the end of May as far as that is growing, there is a corresponding table that goes there. That has no impact on cash whatsoever of that event. Make sure everyone understands that. No impact on cash.  As we're moving through the back half of the year, I feel very confident that cash flow from operations, and our continued discipline around working capital will certainly be in excess of those investing activities we have, including the Celetronix acquisition, some of the smaller acquisitions we have announced earlier in the year, and our CapEx levels of $275 million to $325 million. So I still expect to see positive free cash flows in the fiscal year.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: For the whole year. What is the sensitivity around that CapEx? What puts you at the high end versus the low end of that range? Is it dependent on a certain project that might or might not happen, or what do you think it is?
Forbes Alexander: Some of it is related to mix. As Tim you talked about some of these more middle market customers, when we look at capabilities of gear sets, if you will, in producing that revenue stream.  So on the consumer side, for example, our material based margin, there is a higher revenue output from a manufacturing line than there would be from say a medical customer, where there is a lot of changeover. There's a lot of downtime in equipment. So it very much depends upon the mix of our business coming through in the back half of the year.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Then just getting real quick to your end markets, the one market that struck me -- two actually stuck me. Networking being down 6, I think you guys had expected it up 2. Did you start implementing your lean initiative this quarter towards the trail end of the month of February?
Forbes Alexander: No, we did not. No.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay. So it just performed a little bit lower than expectation?
Forbes Alexander: A bit lower, yes.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: You guys said I believe that consumer and storage, that was up almost double what you expected. You said higher production levels, is that just essentially your gaining share there, or you are adding new customers, or is it just a stronger market?
Forbes Alexander: That number is a stronger market both in computing and storage, actually, across two or three customers in that space.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: My very final question here is, you said month-to-month, Forbes, that you're looking at revenue from February to March, up 17%. But if I look at your guidance at the midpoint I believe it is up 10%. So that is implying somewhat of a decline in month-to-month growth rates in the back half of the quarter. Is there any particular reason for that?
Forbes Alexander: None that I'm aware of. No, none whatsoever.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay, just the way the quarter is shaking out. It is more front loaded?
Forbes Alexander: It is way the quarter is shaking out for us, yes.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Even though Celetronix might be adding to the back half of the quarter as opposed to the front end?
Forbes Alexander: Celetronix is really not material to the events in the quarter whatsoever.
 Kevin Kessel - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Shoop of Deutsche Bank.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to talk about inventory again, and clarify the guidance for the next quarter. Is the increase from the lean initiative, is that guidance for next quarter's inventory being up three days or is that independent of what happens in the rest of the Company?
Forbes Alexander: That is purely for the lean initiative.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Would you expect that inventory velocity would then most likely be pretty flattish on a quarter-over-quarter basis and --?
Forbes Alexander: I would expect inventory velocity to improve upon the end of the February quarter. I would expect improvement of potentially two to three days -- add back two to three days for the lean initiative, get to roughly to where we are at the end of February.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: That's helpful. Then on the networking customer with the 4Q ramp, does that have anything to do with inventory being on consignment now versus coming off of consignment?
Forbes Alexander: That is part of the lean initiative, yes.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: What would the implications be to margins then on that piece of business? How big of a hit would we see there?
Tim Main: We wouldn't talk about margins on a particular business or business relationship.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Then last question for you. Can you remind us what your viewpoint is on vertical integration? How do you see that changing, if at all, here in the next one to two years?
Tim Main: I think our business model is in great shape. I don't think we need to own or invest investors' money in components that are supplied adequately from a very large supply base. I think we have competed directly head-to-head against vertically integrated competitors, and we continue to win an appropriate level of business against them. Not to say that the vertical model doesn't work for some guys, but it should be apparent that it isn't the killer application that people advertised it to be four or five years ago. If it were, we would be dead, and we are not. I really think people should move their focus from that being the great enabler or contributor to a business and fundamentally just start analyzing the numbers. There is not a key there that gives anybody a proprietary advantage over somebody else.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Dinges with JP Morgan.
 Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan: Tim, a quick one for you along the lines of your comment about one of the issues for you guys is just trying to manage the growth. You talked about adding some head count here and there. Qualitatively can you walk through where you're positioning people, where you are seeing the strongest growth? Are you seeing the strongest growth on the design and engineering side? Is it a matter of, as you alluded to, finding every opportunity in the U.S., which would imply you're hiring more customer facing people? Just a little bit of color there would be helpful. Then I have a quick follow-up for Forbes.
Tim Main: There's certainly some expense that shows on the SG&A line. I think we will probably spend $6 million, $7 million a quarter more in the back half of the year than we did in the first half of the year in SG&A. That gets directed at IT resources. You can imagine with the 150 roughly customers, some of which aren't dedicated business unit model type of customers -- but many are -- our business unit management staff needs to increase. There's a lot of training and personnel development that is going on inside the corporation. You mentioned development resources. We're ramping that as fast as we can right now. Even though most of the headcount is really in places like China and India, we also have people that are called system architects that need to interface with the product development community, our customers. They tend to be pretty high-level people with very unique and rare skill sets. So going out and finding those people is a task for us. That is an investment that you have to make before the revenue shows up. Those are qualitatively the types of things that we're talking about in managing the growth. I think one of the nice benefits of our business model that I think allows us to scale our business the way we have is the business unit model itself. We grow the business in a modular fashion. We put a group of highly motivated, empowered, accountable people in charge of these customer relationships. We provide them capital and ask them to go conquer the world with it. That allows a small group of people to focus on a narrow set of requirements for the individual customer. As long as we can continue to replicate that, and we can replicate that infinitely, provided that we find the people and train the people in the right timeframes. That is really what we are focused on, but I think the business model itself is very scalable.
 Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan: Then, Forbes, just a real quick one for you. Kind of a different angle on the cash flow commentary here. You guys had talked a while back about trying to, on a sustainable basis, push the payables a little bit, simply because you always felt you had pretty good credit. Is some of the move there with both the lean initiative going to stay on a permanent basis -- so let's say if you're at around 60 days on average for the last two quarters here, by my count may, be pushing a little bit more towards 65 as both a sustainable number to think about? Does that help a little bit in the confidence that you've got around the free cash flow numbers that you have thrown out for the full year?
Forbes Alexander: Yes. By your amounts there I think you talked five days. I think five days is aggressive. I think there's opportunity for a day or two here in payables. But our teams have, in partnering with our vendor base, done a particularly good job over the last two or three years in getting those payables days there. I think there is a strong opportunity of maybe a day or two, but I certainly don't believe it is five days.
 Thomas Dinges - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Beth Walters: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Just looking at the revenue guidance for fiscal '06, you're raising it about $600 million, $100 million is from Celetronix. If I look at the remaining $500 million, is that really just coming from ramps happening stronger and faster than you thought? Or is there some uptick in end market growth?
Tim Main: The answer could be no or all the above.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: In the past you have said your expectation was for end market to grow at about 3% to 5%.
Tim Main: Right.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Is there a change in that that is helping the $500 million of incremental revenues or --?
Tim Main: I see. No, not really. Consumer demand did pretty darn well all year and demand feels pretty stable. For end market contribution overall, again looking at the full portfolio of businesses that we're in, I think that a 3% to 5% end market growth rate is appropriate. Again, it is this burning, on fire, demand for outsourcing services that is driving the growth. It is just extraordinary right now.
Forbes Alexander: If you look at the instrumentation and medical year-over-year with the guidance we have given, it is $600 million of additional revenue there. The majority or half of it is probably coming from companies that have not outsourced before. We just continue to penetrate additional assemblies coming up.
Tim Main: The top 25 providers of outsourcing services around the world are going to grow revenue $20 billion this year. That is a lot of demand.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Looking at the EPS guidance then, you're raising that about $0.05. It looks like the incremental margins are around 2% for the $600 million piece of business you're getting. Is that just a reflection of the ramp cost? Are you factoring in the $3 million to $5 million of integration of Celetronix into that $0.05 number?
Tim Main: We have to say everything is baked in. It is in the number. The way I would look at it is, we started the year at $9 billion. We're roughly at $9.9 billion. That is $900 million in incremental revenue, and we're going to earn about a 3%, 3.5% operating income on that business.  That reflects investments that we're making in infrastructure and capabilities. It reflects the increased composition of consumer electronics in our business. We're really not that worried about it because it is all good stuff. We're growing 30% a year. This quarter we made $27 million more in operating income than we did last year. I would get worried if return on invested capital were going the wrong way, but return on invested capital being in the 20% range, feels pretty good. We would like to grow margins. Our long-term margin goals are still intact. But right now we're just busy growing the Company at 30% a year. As long as we can keep return on invested capital in the 20% range, that 10, 20 basis point swing around in operating margins isn't going to be cause for alarm on our side.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Just finally on Celetronix, they do quite a few pieces of business. My understanding is you are buying the power supply and the EMS business, not really the RFID and the memory business they have. Is that accurate?
Tim Main: I'm not sure how much of that we have actually talked about. I can tell you that we will not be in the memory business.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Tim Main: [Inaudible] what the RFID business is about to be honest with you. But we won't be in the memory business.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Beth Walters: Thank you all for joining us today. I would like to let you know that we will be appearing on Squawk Box tomorrow morning at 6:40, and Bloomberg at 7:10. Thank you again for joining us for the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's Jabil Circuit conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2005-12-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Jabil Circuit first quarter 2006 earnings release conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.  After the speaker’s remark there will be a question and answer period.  If you would like to ask a question during this time simply press, “*’, then the number “1” on your telephone keypad.  If you would like to withdraw your question press the “#”. Thank you, I would now like to introduce Mr. Alexander, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations at Jabil Circuit.  Mr. Alexander, you may begin your conference.
Forbes I. J. Alexander: Thank you, good afternoon.  This is Forbes Alexander and with me this afternoon is Tim Main, our CEO and President.  During the course of this conference call we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company.  We wish to caution you that such statements are just predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially.  We refer you to the documents that the company files from time-to-time with the SEC, including our most recently filed 10-K that was filed on October 28, 2005.  These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements.  This call is being recorded and will be posted for audio playback on the Jabil website in the Investor Relations section along with the press release and a slideshow presentation on the first quarter and fiscal year. Now I ask you to turn to slides 2 and 3.  Results for the first quarter of fiscal ‘06 were as follows.  On revenues of $2.404 billion, GAAP operating income increased 26% to $88.8 million.  This compares to $70.3 in GAAP operating income for the same period in the prior year.  Core operating income, excluding amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation for the quarter was $111.8 million or 4.7% of revenue, as compared to $80.9 million or 4.4% for the same period in the prior year.  Core earnings per share were $0.44.  On a year-over-year basis, the quarter represents a 31% growth in revenue and 38% growth in core operating income.  On a sequential basis, revenues increased 18% while core operating income increased 20%. Please turn to slide 4.  Now I’d like to discuss results for the quarter and look at our revenues by sector.  First quarter revenues increased 18% from the fourth quarter.  Production levels in the Automotive sector increased 9% from the previous quarter.  Computing and Storage sector increased 11% from the fourth quarter for fiscal 2005 as a result of higher production levels than forecast across a number of customers.  Consumer Products sector increased by 46% in the quarter, reflecting seasonal higher levels of production and the ongoing ramp of existing and new products with our largest customers in this sector.  The Instrumentation and Medical sector increased by 8% from the fourth quarter, reflecting the ongoing growth of assemblies across multiple customers in this sector.  The Networking sector, increased by 2% from the previous quarter, Peripherals sector decreased by 7% over the previous quarter, and finally the Telecommunications sector increased 10% sequentially. If you’d now please turn to slide 5, our sector information for the quarter in percentage terms was as follows:  Automotive, 6%; Computing and Storage, 10%; Consumer, 38%; Instrumentation and Medical, 16%; Networking, 12%; Peripherals, 7%; Telecom, 7%; Other sector was 4%. I’d now like to review our balance sheet and ratio trends.  Please turn to slide 6.  Inventory days reduced in the quarter by one day to 38 days. Turns were consistent with those of the fourth quarter at 9.  In absolute dollar terms, inventory increased by $123 million, reflecting a pre-positioning of inventory for continuing strength in demand in the first half of our second fiscal quarter of ‘06.  Days sales outstanding improved by one day to 41 days from the previous quarter.  Accounts payable days were consistent with those of the previous quarter at 64 days or $1.573 billion.  The company’s sales cycle was at its lowest point in our history at 15 days, an improvement of 3 days over the previous quarter.  Our return on invested capital increased to 23% from 19% at the end of the August quarter and a rate of 17% from the same period in fiscal 2005. I’ll now ask you to turn to slides 7 and 8.  Cash and cash equivalents were $876 million as compared to 796 million at the end of the last quarter.  Our cash flows from operations were approximately $144 million in the first quarter, our 20th consecutive quarter of positive cash flow, continuing to demonstrate the ability to generate strong cash flows from operations in a significant growth environment.  Our capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $67 million.  Depreciation for the quarter was approximately $42 million, amortization was approximately $6 million, and EBITDA in the quarter was approximately $154 million. On a year-over-year basis, we continue to maintain efficient control on capital deployed while increasing revenues and our operating earnings.  Our business model continues to demonstrate the returns on invested capital in excess of our weighted average cost of capital, and operating cash flows are sustainable and predictable.  Our net capital investment at the end of the quarter was consistent with that of the previous quarter at $1.67 billion.  We’re pleased with this result.  As outlined in our last quarter’s call, we believe we’re extremely well positioned to produce operating cash flows in excess of those in fiscal 2005. I’d now like to review our capacity and operations.  We’re pleased with the operational execution of our business units and plants in the most recent quarter, in particular, those executing to a very steep ramp in consumer electronics.  As we continue into fiscal ‘06, we should be challenged in numerous plants with ramping requirements, but do remain in the position to have adequate floor space capacity.  During the first quarter, we’re pleased to note that our Wuxi, China facility commenced production operations.  Our Ranjangaon, India, facility commencing begins at the end of the fourth quarter.  We’re well positioned to see production levels continuing to ramp in both facilities throughout the remainder of fiscal ‘06, supporting customer demand across multiple sectors, such as peripherals, consumer, telecom and industrial instrumentation and medical sectors. Our investments in fiscal 2006 are expected to be related to the above locations and existing plants as we continue to see increasing levels of production across multiple sites and geographies.  We estimate capital expenditures to remain in the range provided last quarter of $250 million to $350 million for the fiscal year.  Depreciation is estimated to be in the range of $180 million to $200 million. I’d now like to discuss briefly stock-based compensation.  As we discussed in our last earnings call, companies are now required to expense all costs associated with stock-based compensation as a result of the implementation of Financial Accounting Standard 123R on the first of September 2005, or our first fiscal quarter.  Stock-based compensation for the first fiscal quarter was $17.1 million on a pre-tax basis, or $0.05 per diluted share.  This was at the higher end of our previous guidance, as our out-performance in total shareholder returns to our peer group over the last two years triggered the accelerated investing of previously awarded options.  For the full fiscal year, such compensation is expected to be approximately $0.12. Such costs, along with intangibles amortization, shall be excluded from our core earnings guidance to you as we wish to provide you with an alternative method for assessing operating income, earnings and earnings per share from what we believe to be are our core manufacturing operations. I’ll now ask you to turn to slide 9 and our business update, our second quarter guidance for fiscal ‘06.  We estimate that our second fiscal quarter of 2006, our February quarter, to have revenues in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion, reflecting the seasonal decline in demand for consumer products.  As a result, our core earnings per share forecast to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.38.  As a percentage of revenue, we estimate operating margins to be in the range of 4.1% to 4.4%.  Research and development costs are expected to increase by approximately $1 million to 7.5 million in the fiscal quarter, reflecting our continued success in design-related programs with existing and new customers.  Capital expenditures are estimated to be in the range of $60 million to $90 million in the second fiscal quarter, and our tax rate is expected to be 16%, consistent with that of the first quarter. Please turn to slide 10 for our revenues by sector for the second quarter.  The Automotive sector is estimated to decrease by 7% in the quarter, reflecting seasonal lower levels of production.  The Computing and Storage sector is estimated to have increasing production levels by 10% from the first quarter.  Our Consumer sector is expected to decrease by approximately 30% in the second quarter as we exit peak demand season for Consumer Products.  The Instrumentation and Medical sector is anticipated to increase by 10% in the second quarter, reflecting the ongoing growth of assemblies within the sector across multiple customers.  The Networking sector is expected to increase 2% in the second quarter.  The Peripherals sector is estimated to increase by 5% in the quarter, and the Telecom is estimated to have consistent levels of production with the first fiscal quarter. Please now turn to slide 11, the full fiscal year update.  As we have discussed in our previous calls, our strategy has been and continues to be position the company to capitalize on the trend to outsourcing.  We are pleased with the start we have made to fiscal 2006, executing in our first fiscal quarter at the upper end of our previous guidance.  As we move into our seasonally lower second quarter fiscal ‘06, the level of integration and product ramp activity is increasing in numerous factories as we expand our relationships with existing customers across multiple product platforms and industry sectors.  This positions the company for a strong growth profile in the second half of our fiscal year. Our current estimates for fiscal ‘06 are to the upper end of the guidance we’ve previously given you, are revenues of 9.3 billion and core earnings per diluted share of $1.65.  This represents a 24% growth in revenues and 29% growth in core earnings over fiscal 2005.  I’d now like to hand the call over to Tim Main.
Timothy L. Main: Thanks, Forbes.  What a great start to an early year of outstanding growth and outsourcing services.  Year-over-year operating results tell the story well.  Year-over-year fiscal Q1 revenue increased 31% and core operating income increased 38%.  We also improved core return on invested capital to 23% from 17% in fiscal Q1 of 2005.  Demand for outsourcing services is clearly very good, and the solid performance of our people in this environment is delivering better financial returns.  In calendar 2005, we expect the 25 largest providers of outsourcing services to post revenue growth of approximately $20 billion.  Demand is increasing as OEMs around the world seek to reduce costs and accelerate time to market for broadening product lines.  Demand is also increasing as OEMs change their approach to outsourcing from one which primarily utilizes suppliers to manage portions of the supply chain to one in which we are asked to manage an end-to-end solution from design through assembly, to delivering service of their electronic hardware. Even in mature outsourcing markets such as computing and communications, there remain significant levels of vertically integrated activity, for example, configurative order of operations.  Jabil’s growth reflects our demonstrated ability to capture a share of the growing outsourcing revenue stream.  We now expect revenue in fiscal 2006 to be approximately $1.8 billion higher than it was in fiscal 2005.  About half of that growth will come from customers converting to an outsource supply chain model.  Primary sectors contributing to growth are the Consumer, Instrumentation, Medical and the Computing and Storage segments.  In fiscal 2006, we expect our two largest segments to be the Consumer and the Instrumentation Medical segments.  These two segments combined will drive us well over $4 billion in revenue for fiscal 2006. The environment for growth along our long-term front line is better than ever.  We’re off to a great start for 2006 and anticipate sustained growth in coming years.  All in all it was a great quarter and good prospects looking forward.  So operator, I think we can begin the question and answer session of the call.
